A

TABLE

OF THE

Statutes

PUBLICS and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno quinto

Georgii III.

Being the Fourth Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

I. AN act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

II. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

III. An act for extending the time granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing his Majesty's subjects to import their goods and effects, being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace, upon payment of the same duties as they would have been liable to if the same places had remained in his Majesty's possession.

IV. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes.

V. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

VI. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

VII. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

---

VIII. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokejly, otherwise RuxUy, and of Little and Lejfnefa in the county of Kent*

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

IX. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of fmaH debts within the hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damerham Northland lordship or liberty of Corsham, in the county of Wilts

X. An act to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland.

XI. An act for rendering more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude.

XII. An act for granting and applying certain stamp duties, and other duties, in die British colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, protesting, and securing the famej and for amending such parts of the several acts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the said colonies and plantations, as direct the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

XIII. An act for impowering the commissioners for putting in execution the several acts passed for paving, cleaning, and lighting, the fqbares, Greets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent, to collect certain tolls oh Sundays, upon the several roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the purposes of the said acts.

XIV. An act for the more effectual preservation of fish in fish ponds and other waters$ and conies in warrensj and for preventing the damage done to sea banks, within the county of Lincoln, by the breeding conies therein.

XV. An act for enlarging the times limited for executing and performing several provisions, powers and directions, in certain acts of this session of parliament.

XVI. An act for altering the times of payment of certain annuities, established by two acts made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XVII. An act to confirm all leases already made by archbishops and bi (hops, and other ecclesiastical persons, of ty tries and other incorporeal hereditaments, for one, two, or three life or lives, or twenty one years; and to enable them to grant such leases, and to bring actions of debt for recovery of rents referred and in arrear on leases for life or lives.

XVIII. An act for continuing an act, made in the thirty first year of his late Majesty's reign, for encouraging the growth land cultivation of madder in that part of Great Britain called England, by ascertainirrg the tythe thereof.

XIX. An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thowand seven hundred and sixty five.

XX. An act for explaining and rendering more effectual twQ efts, one made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for fitih person or persons as shall discover the longitude at fea\ and the other in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to render more effectual an act made in the twelfth year

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for proving a publick reward for such person or persons as shall dikortr the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of frspofah made for discovering the longitude and to enlarge the water of commisfmers for putting in execution the said act,

XXI. An act for appointing of to put in execu-dhn an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for panting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, /Jrr the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty pWy together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax; and for indemnifying persons who have acted as of of the land tax, by virtue of estates of or above a certain value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the value of one hundred pounds per annum; and for limiting a time within which suits and prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the qualifications of persons who shall act as of of the land tax.

XXII. An act for the further encouragement of the British white herring fishery.

XXIII. An act for granting annuities, to be attended with a lottery, to satisfy and discharge certain navy, victualling, and transport bills; and for charging the payment of such annuities on the sinking fund.

XXIV/ An act to oblige agents for prize money to account for such sums of money as remain in their hands unclaimed, the property of any of his Majesty's land forces; and for the application thereof.

XXV. An act to alter certain rates of postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the port office.

XXVI. An act for carrying into execution a contract made, pursuant to the act of parliament of the twelfth of his late majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury and the duke and dutchess of Atholl, the proprietors of the Isle of Man> and their trustees, for the purchase of the said island and its dependencies, under certain exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

XXVII. An act to provide for the administration of the government, in case the crown Should defeend to any of the children of his Majesty, being under the age of eighteen years; and for the care and guardianship of their persons.

XXVIII. An act to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government securities, a sum of money therein mentioned, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and to apply the interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the income of the matters of the said court.

XXIX. An act for repealing the duties now payable upon raw silk imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof j for allowing a drawback on the exportation of raw or thrown silk to Ireland; and for prohibiting the exportation of raw silk from Ireland.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

XXX. An act for more effectually supplying the export trad« of this kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed callicoes, and other goods of the product or manufacture of the Rajl Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom; for the better supply of the export trade thereof; and for discontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

XXXI. An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties upon wheat and wheat flour imported; and also the bounty payable on the exportation of wheat and wheat flour.

XXXII. An act to enable his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to prohibit the exportation of wheat, wheaten. meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and (larch, daring the next recess of parliament, at such time, and in such manner, as the ne-ceflity of the time may require, and he, in his wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

XXXIII. An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and)desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

XXXIV. An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and for punching militia men for neglecting their duty.

XXXV. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on the exportation of coals; and of several East India goods; and upon policies of assurance for retaining, upon the exportation of white callicoes and muslins, a further part of the duties paid on the importation thereof; and for obviating a doubt with respect to stainp dutiesjmposed upon deeds by two former acts.

XXXVI. An act to explain, amend, and enforce the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

XXXVII. An act for laying certain duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

XXXVIII. An act to continue part of an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to render more effectual the several laws mow in being, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for making further provisions for the preservation of the said roads.

XXXIX. An act for more effectually preventing the mischiefs arising to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine trade to and from the Isle of Man.

XL. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of mo-6 ney

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ney out of the sinking fund; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a reward for their trouble; and for allowing further time to such prions as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attomiesand solicitors.

XLI. An act for the relief of insolvent debtors.

XLII. An act for redeeming one fourth part of the joint stock of annuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, in respect of several navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

XLIII. An act for the better securing, and further improvement, of the revenues of customs, excise, inland and salt duties; and for encouraging the linen manufacture of thzljleof Man\ and for allowing the importation of several goods the produce and manufacture of the said island, under certain restrictions and regulations.

XLIV. An act for repealing the act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for vesting the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said forts and its dependencies, as all other the British forts and settlements upon the coast of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, estate and effects of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said forts, lettlements and their dependencies, in his Majesty; and for securing, extending and improving the trade to Africa.

XLV. An act for more effectually securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's American dominions; for repealing the j inland duty on coffee, imposed by an act made in the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second; and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported (except coffee of the growth of the British dominions in Amer ica); for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon sugars exported; for repealing part of an act made in the twenty third year of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron made in the said dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried coast wife; and for regulating the fees of officers of the customs rn the said dominions.

XLVI. An act for altering the stamp duties upon admissions into corporations or companies; and for further securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain.

XLVII. An act for encreasing the fund for payment of the sums of money directed, by an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, to be applied in augmentation of the salaries of the puisne judges in the court of Ring's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Please the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the justices of Chester\ and the great ieflmns for the counties of Wales for the time being; and for applying certain sums in augmentation of the salaries of the said judges and ju- fticcs* and of the judges in the courts of session and exchequer in

a 3 Scotland

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Scotland, for a certain time previous to thfe commencement of the augmentations established by the said act,

XLVIII. An act for prohibiting the importation of foreign manufactured (ilk (lockings, (ilk mits and silk gloves into Great Britain, and the British dominions; and for rendering more effectual an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled. Silk works.

XLIX. An act to prevent the inconveniencies arising from the present method of issuing notes and bills by the banks, banking companies, and bankers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* L. An act to enlarge the powers of, and to render more effectual the several acts passed in the second, third and fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, for paving, cleaning, lighting and other wise regulating, the squares, streets and other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and other parts in the said acts mentioned j and for extending the provisions of the said acts to the Surry side of Westminster bridge; and for enlarging the powers of the said acts with respect to squares.

LI. An act for repealing several laws relating to the manufacture of woollen cloth in the county of York\ and also (o much of several other laws, as prescribes particular standards of Vddth and length of such woollen cloths; and for substituting other regulations of the cloth trade within the wed riding of the said county, for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth; and for preserving the credit of the said manufacture at the foreign market.

LII. An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Wadhurst in the county of Sussex, to the turnpike road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the county of Kent i and from the top of Pullen's Hill, through the parishes of Horfmonien, Morion, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Fary ley Street, in the said county of Kent.

LIII. An act for continuing the terms of several acts, and for giving further powers for repairing the road from Chatteris-Ferry9to Hammond's Eau and Somerjkam Bridge, and for amending and widening the road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep-Market, in Saint Ives; and also the road branching out of the said road pear Stocks Bridge through Needixgworthy to Earitb9 in the county of Huntingdon.

LIV. An act for repairing and widening the road from Dun-bam-Ferry % to the south end of Great Markham Cmmon9 in the county of Nottingham.

LV. An act to continue the term, and to vary and enlarge the -powers, of an act passed in the twenty fifth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Wallingford in the county of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farrtngdon9 and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said county, so far as the same relate to the road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon; and for discontinuing the said term and powers, so far as the same relate to the road leading from Wantage to Ufon

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and for repairing the road leading from the north east comer of Nuffidd Common, by the parish church of Nuffield, otherwise Tiffidl, in the county of Oxford, to the commencement of the hid turnpike road leading from Wallingford to Wantage.

LVI. An act for repairing and widening the road leading horn Portbaetbwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the county of Anglesey.

LVII. An act for continuing the term, and altering and en-Arging the powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty, For amending, widening and keeping to repair the roads leaaing from the village of Milford in the county of Surrey, through Petworth, to the top of Dumkton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopbam Bridge, in the county of Sussex.

LVIII. An act for repairing, widening and keeping in repair. Several roads in and near Great Torrington, in the county of Devon.

LIX. An act for repairing and widening Several roads leading from the quay at Lymfngton, in the county of Southampton.

LX. An act for continuing and rendering more effectual, two acts passed in the twelfth year of King George the First, and the twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned in the counties of Effiex and Suffolk; and for repairing and widening several other roads in the counties of Effix and Hertford.

LXI. An act for repairing, widening and keeping in repair, fevt-ral roads leading to and from Crew kerne, in the county of Somerset.

LXLL An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts of the thirteenth of George the First, and of the sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from the town of Warm njler, in the county of Wilts-, and for amending several other roads near the said town; and for repealing so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads therein mentioned, in the said county, as relates to the road within the town of Heytesbury j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

LXIII. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the turnpike road at Kipping's Cross in the parish of Brettch-ley, in the county of Kent, through the parishes of Brencbley, Horfmonfden and Goudhurst, by the left hand side of Iden Green, to the turnpike road on Wjl/ley Green, in the parish of Cranbrookn and from a place near Goudhurst Gore, through the parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge in the said parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanjhutt's Green, in the county of Kent.

LXIV. An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, in the county of Sussex, through Euhingham and Burwash, to the extent of the said parish of Burwash, in the said county.

LXV. An act for rebuilding the parish church of Ashallowson the Wall, in the city of London; and for rebuilding the house belonging to the rector of the said parish; and for purchasing several pieces of ground and tenements thereon, to render the passages to and from the said church and house more commodious.

LXVI. An act to continue the term, and enlarge the power $, of an act passed in the fecund year of the reign of his prefect

a Majesty*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Mullins*Pond, in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile stone from the city of SaliJhurjy and several other roads in the said act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening several other roads leading out of the said roads, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

LXVII. An act for amending the road from thtPinfold in Balby, in the county of York, to Workfopy in the county of Nottingham.

LXVIII. An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road at Wrotham Heath, in the county of Kent, to the turnpike road leading from Cray-don to Godjloniy in the county of Surrey.

LXIX. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the south end of Newton Abbott to the passage way in Kinswear, of-

f>ofite Clifton Dartmouth Hardnefsy and from the end of a lane eading out of the turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbotts Kerfwelly to Five Lanes; and from Lang-vers Barn to the said turnpike road, between Newton Abbott and Totnes j and from Galmpton Warborough to Monks Bridge and Brixham §fuay \ and from Langvers Barn to the north end of Paington town, all in the county of Devon.

LXX. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Keyberry Bridge to the passage at Shalldon; and from the said bridge to the pier or harbour of Torkey, in the county of Devon LXXI. An act for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Maidjloney and from Watts Cross to Cowdeny in the county of Kent.

LXXII. An act for amending and widening the road from the sign of the Coach and Horses in Birfioly to the turnpike road at Nunbrook; and from Bradley Lane to the town of Huddersfield> in the west riding of the county of York.

LXXIII. An act for repairing and widening the road from Great Grimsby Haveny at or near a place called the Upper Sand Endy to Wold Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the parirti of Irby % in the county of Lincoln.

LXXIV. An act for enlarging the powers of several acts for repairing the road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and the town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other roads adjoining thereto, so far as the same relate to the road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other roads adjoining thereto.

LXXV. An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the road from Penn Inn9 in the county of Dorset, to the work-house at the east end of the town of Honiton, in the county of Devon, and to the road from the intrenchment on Askerwell Hill to Penn Inny and from Bridport to Beamifier; and for repairing and amending several other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Dorset and Devon.

LXXVI. An act for repairing, widening and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Kidwelly y in the county of Carmarthen; and also several roads leading fromi^wtf/^in the said county.

LXXVII. Ai>

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LXXVIL An act for enlarging the terms and powers of several acts of the ninth and twelfth years of Queen Anne, and of the thirteenth of King George the First, and of the fourteenth of his his Majesty, for repairing the highways leading from Royfion, in the county of Hertford, to Wan ford Bridge, in the county of ttriingdotiy lo far as relates to the middle and south divisions of tfcroad comprized in the said acts; and for amending the road frotn the town of Huntingdon to the causeway at or near the west end of the town of Somersham, in the said county of Huntingdon.

LXXVIIL An act for repairing, widening and keeping in repair, the road from Welford Bridge, in the county of Northampton, through Husbantfs Bojworth and Great Wigston, to Mil-fion Lane, in the town of Leicester.

LXXIX. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a bridge cross the river Ouze9 at or near a place called Stretham Ferry, in the county of Cambridge; and for repairing and widening, and making several other roads, adjoining to the roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said act.

LXXX. An act for continuing the terms of several acts, and for giving further powers for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the county of Oxford, to Bourton on the Kll, in the county of Gloucester.

LXXXI. An act for cleaning and lighting the streets, lanes, and passages, within the towns of Manchester and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for providing fire engines and fire-men; and for preventing annoyances within the said towns.

LXXXII. An act to enlarge certain powers granted by an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for enlarging and maintaining the harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending and preferring the haven of Sandwich.

LXXXIII. An act for amending the road from Chatterrit Ferry, through Chatterrit and Marsh, to Wisbech Saint Peters; and from thence to Tid Gote in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell> to Downham Bridge in the county of Norfolk; and for repealing the several acts for repairing the said road between JViJhech and March.

LXXXIV. An act for repairing and widening the road from Newcastle under Line to Hajfop \ and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield turnpike road, ntzr Buxton; and allb the road branching out of the said first mentioned road at Cobridge, to Burficm; and to the JJttoxeter turnpike at Shelton, in the county of Stafford.

LXXXV. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the county of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the county of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to the north end of the lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West RaiJ'm to Pilford Bridge; and from the great road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the hamlet of Morton to

A fABL E of the STATUTES.

Epworth; 2nd from Haxey Field, to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the county of Lincoln.

LXXXVI. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty for repairing the high road from the town of Shrewsbury through Crejsage, HarUy % Much Wenlock, by Muckley Crofsy and through Morville, to Bridgenorth % in the county of Salop; and for amending several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

LXXXVII. An act to amend several acts passed in the fourth and sixth years of King George the Fii ft, and in the eleventh and twenty fourth years of King George the Second, for repairing several roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, and Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the extent of theparish of LewiJbamj next Bromley and Beckenham, in the county of Kent; and for extending the said acts to the repair of the roads leading from the end of the present turnpike to the west end of Stroud Green, and to Farnborough Welly and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the north end of Burnt Ash Laney in the parish of Lcey and from the west end of Greenwich Park Wall to Woolwich Warten \ and for making an allowance out of the tolls arising. by the said acts to the trustees for putting in execution an act of the twenty second year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new road from the east end of New Street, in the parish of Saint John, Southwark* to and through the several placet therein mentioned j and for keeping the said road in repair for the future.

LXXXVIIJ. An act for repairing and widening the road froift Barton Waterfidehouse % to Ri/eham Hedge Corner, and several other roads in the county of Lincoln, therein mentioned.

LXXXIX. An act for the building a bridge over the river Tay % at or near the town of Perth, in the county of Perth.

XC. An act for repairing and widening the road from the Alfreton turnpike road, near a place called Little Robbins, in the parish of Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, through Woolley Moory to the Nottingham turnpike road, near Tanfey, in the county of Derby, and from Woolley Moory to the Chesterfield turnpike road at Kel/lidgey in the county of Derby.

XCI. An act for vesting certain glebe lands, belonging to the rectory of the parish church of Saint Christopher, in the city of London, in the governor and company of the bank of England> and for making a recompence to the reftor of the said parish, and his fqcceflors, in lieu thereof; and for obviating certain doubts in an act passed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for widening certain streets, lanes and passages, within the city of London.

XCII. An act for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarging the term and powers granted by a certain act of parliament, passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second intituled yAnaflfor amending several roads leading from the town of T aunton, in the county of Somerset.

XL'III. An act for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the port town and borough

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tough of Afttuhead, through Dunand Timberfc»mity to Htlt

Bridgt, and through the town of Dnlverton, and by the river

and Srejbford Green to Exbridge, in the county of Somerset, and froaa thence to Batham Bridge, in the town of in the comfy of Devon; and also the road leading from the said port torn and borough of Minehead, through and

Mr to Harrow Gate, in the parish of in the county

olSemerfet; and also the road leading from Cor bampton aforesaid, though the town of Watchet, in the parish of Saint mthe county of Somerset, to or near the village of and

by Long Cross Barn, to the end of the Bridgewater turnpike road, '

in the town of Nether Stowey, in the county of and also from the said town of Watchet to Tower Hill, in the village ef Williten, in the parish of Saint Decumans, and from the said

town of Watchet, by way of Five Bells to Fair Oofs, and from thence to Stickle Path, over Brendan Hill, to Rebery Lane, and to Bampton, in the said county of Devon.

XCIV. An act for repairing the church of the united parishct of All Saints and Saint John, in the town of Hertford.

XCV. An act for repairing and widening the road, leading from a street called The Hundred, at Pomfey, through Chilworth, to the river at Swathling, in the county of Southampton, and for connecting the same with the road leading from the city of Winchester, through HurJUy, to Chandler's Ford; and from aforesaid, to the turnpike road at Romsey aforesaid j and also for reputing and widening the road leading from the river at Swathling aforesaid, through Bothy, to the turnpike road at Sherril Heath, in the said county of Southampton.

XCVI. An act for repairing and widening the road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cow in the county of Lincoln.

XCVII. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundreds of Lots, and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk.

XCVIII. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fourth year of his late Majesty, for repairing Che road from Crysford Bridgt to Manchester, and for amending

the road from Crofsftrd- Bridge aforesaid, to a certain place in Altrincham, in the county palatine of XCIX. An act for amending and widening the road, from the city of York, by Grimjltn Sm, to Kexby Bridgt, and from Grimjlont Smithy aforesaid, to a certain gate, at the upper end Garraby Hill, in the county of York.

C. An act for repairing and widening the road from Stockport, in the county of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the county of Lancoster, and from the cross, in in the said

county of Lancaster, to DoffoPs-Lane- Heain the county of York t

and also the road branching out of the tirft-mentioned road, in the township of Bredbury, to Mettram, in the said county of Chtjltr.

Cl. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the Little Bridge, over the end of the drain, next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields, and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the sign of the Bear in Walfoktn, in the county of Norfolk j and from Walfoktn Bridge, lying over the same drain,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

to the said sign of the Bear* and to Lord's Bridge* in Iftirigtan; and from thence to the west ends of Maudlin Bridge and German s Bridge, in the county of Norfolk; and from the east end of German's Bridge aforesaid, to the west end of Long Bridge, in South Lynn* in the borough of King's Lynn* in the said county of Norfolk; #and from ljlington aforesaid, to CrofsKeys Wafts* in the said county.

CII. An act for repairing and widening several roads, leading from between the second and third mile stones, on the turnpike road between the town and county of Poole* znd Winborn Minjier., in the county of Dorset* to Bratton Corner*in the county of Somerset.

CIII. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty seventh year of his late Majesty, for opening* making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Ratcliffe Highway* through Cannon Street, in the county of Middlesex, and other rdfcds in the said act mentioned and for lighting* watching and watering the said roads.

CIV. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned* leading to and from the towns of Shepton Mallet and Ivelchester, in the county of Somerset; and for repairing the roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Cross Bottom.

Cv. An act for repairing and widening the road, from the turnpike road in Banbury, in the county of Oxford, through Daventre* and Cottefbach* to the south end of Mill Field, in the parish of Lutterworth, in the county of Leicester.

CVI. An act to continue the term and render more effectual an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge* through Littleworth* and byFregnall* and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the county of Northampton* adjoining to the high road there.

CVII. An act for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge* in the borough of Warwick* through Southam and Daventry* to the town of Northampton.

CVIII. An act for amending and widening the, road, from the north end of Old Malton Gate* in the town and borough of New Malton* to the town of Pickering, in the county of York.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Podington, in the county of Bedford.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, lanes, and waste ground, within the manors and pariQi of Hardingfione and Cotton, in the county of Northampton.

3. An act for naturalizing John William Plauel* John James Long* Jacob Nodal* and Christopher Henry Beaumer.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

4. An act for naturalizing Luder Lang.

5. An act for naturalizing Christian James Strackhoven.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, common fields, meadows, and grounds, lying in the hamlet of Don-ningtssjn the parish of Stow on the Woldjn the county of Gloucester.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and comma fields, common pastures, common meadows, and common-s&waste grounds, in the manor, hamlet, and tything, of Wefi-ate, in the parish of Waddefdon, in the county of Bucks.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the manor of Long Eatonf in the parish of Sawley, in the county of Derby.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and grounds, within the township of Ulrome, otherwise Owram in Holdernefsy in the county of York.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the parish of North Kilworthy in the county of Leicester.

11. An act for annexing the rectory of Colerncy in the county of Wilts, to the office of warden of the college of Saint Mary % of fffnchejlery in Oxford.

12. An act for vesting the settled estates of AnnWilfony widow, and Ann Wilson, her daughter, an infant, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging the debts and incumbrances affecting the same.

13. An act to enable Richard Duppa> clerk (heretofore called Richard Hantom) and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Duppa, pursuant to the will of Baldwin Dap-pa esquire, deceased.

14. An act to enable William Ager, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Turnor.

15. An act to enable John Jennings esquire (now called John Smith) and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Smithy pursuant to the will of Thomas Smithy deceased.

16. An act to enable William Marwood esquire, lately called William Metcalfe, and his issue, to take, use, and bear, the surname and arms of Marwood, pursuant to the will of Jane Turnery widow, deceased.

17. An act to enable William Nevile Blondeau esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Hart.

18. An act to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe esquire (and his heirs) to take and use the surname of Pooley pursuant to the will of Elizabeth Ludwelly deceased.

19. An act for naturalizing Dirk Jager of the city of London, merchant.

20. An act for naturalizing Andrew Fubrery and Rene Labutte.

21. An act for naturalizing John Elias Jaquery, Peter Samuel Darbonnier, Daniel Henriody John James Ofvaldy and John Francis Anthony Rivaz.

22. An act for naturalizing Peter Anthony Sapte % and David Francis Sapte.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds* in the lord ship and parish of Flamborough, in the county of York,

24. An act for dividing and allotting the commons or wastes, and the common fields, and ings, in the manor and township of Everingham, in the county of York; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the townships and hamlets of Horley and Homton, in the parish of Horley aforesaid, in the county of Oxford.

26. An act for dividing and allotting certain open fields, meadows, and stinted pastures, in the township of Fenton, in the parish of Kcttlethorp, in the county of Lincoln, and a certain free common, called The East Moor, in the same parish.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields, meadows, and common pastures, in the township and parish of Newton, in the county of Lincoln, and certain rights of pasture in Kettlethorpe in the said county.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and waste grounds, of and in the manor of Wellingborough, and of and in the manor of Wellingborough, formerly belonging to the college of Irtlingborough, and in the parish of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields and meadows, common raftures, and other commonable lands, lying within the parish or Lowdham, in the county of Nottingham.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and common fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of Benton, in the east riding of the county of York.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, lands, and grounds, in Ellerker, in the parish of Brantingham, in the east riding of the county of York.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, lands, and grounds, in Brantingham, and Thorpe Brantingham, in the parish of Brantingham, in the east riding of tho county of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, heath, and waste grounds, and commonable places, in the lordship and liberties of Draycot, in the parish of Bourton, in the county of Warwick.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields and common grounds, in the manor and parish of Dcnford, in the county of Northampton.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Twywell, in the county of Northampton.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Snitfeld\ otherwise Snitterfield, in the county of Warwick. 37.

A TABLE of Ac STATUTES.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the open lands and groundling in the parish of Bretfertmyxn the county of Worcester.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, eotnffloos, and waste grounds, in the parish of Rotbwelly in the coaafy of Lincoln.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields and grads, lying in the parish of Lenchwick and Norton, and the fcraogh ot Evtjbmy in the county of Worxester.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing certain pieces or parcels of land, in the parishes of Doncaster and Cantley; and for draining and preserving the said lands; and also several other bnds and grounds, in the several parishes of RoJJmgton and IPadwertby in the west riding of the county of York.

41. An act for confirming the allotments of, and for inclosing, the common and several waste lands, in the manor and parish of Sebrabanty otherwise Sebergbanty in the county of Cumberland.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing the common called Scorning Common, and the greens called Pound Green % Pope's Green, and Sett's Green, lying within the several manors of Seaming Hally Drayton Hally and Northern Hally Seaming Paruay Guntons and Rougholme, on the part of* Hoey or same or one of them, and in the parish of Seamingy in the county of Norfolk.

43. An act for dividing, and inclosing the common fields, common paitures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, of and in the parish and liberties of Spratton, in the county of Northampton.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor of Cropton9 in the county of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, divers parcels of common or waste grounds, within the manors of Apple-tm and Lymmyvn the county of Chester.

46. An act for inclosing and dividing several lands and grounds, in the township of Kirkhammertony in the parish of Kirkbammer-tm> in the county of York.

47. An act for confirming and establ'rshing an exchange agreed to be made between Thomas Holies duke of Newcajiky and Margaret Cavendish dutchess dowager of Portlandy of several parts of their settled eft ate s, in the county of Nottingham; and for settling the lands given in exchange to each party, to such uses, as the lands for which the same are exchanged flood settled.

48. An act for vesting an estate, called Woodlandiy in the county of JVilts, belonging to the mailer, fellows, and scholars, of the college called Clare Hally in the university of Cambridge, in fftltiam earl of Shelburney and his heirs.

49. An act for confirming and establishing an agreement, between the mailer, brethren, and lifters, of the hospital of the UxdHaJlings of Lovghborough, founded at Stoke Poges, in the county of Bucks, and Thomas Penn esquire, for exchanging certain lands and premises in Stole Poges aforesaid; and for rendering the said agreement more effectual, for the purposes thereby intended.

50. An act to enable Fanny Fowled spinster, a minor, to con-

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

rey, assign, and settle, her real and personal estate, in the man* ner therein mentioned, on her intended marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges baronet.

51. An act for sale of certain lands in the county of Kent, settled upon the rector of the parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the county of Middlesex; and for applying the money arising thereby, in manner therein mentioned, for the benefit of the said reltor.

52. An act to apply a certain sum of money arising by the sale of a house in Tetbury, in the county of Gloucester, and by donations of several persons, for rebuilding the parish church and chancel of Tetbury, aforesaid.

53. An act for the sale of lands and tenements, in the county of Cumberland, late the estate of William Dobinfon genleman, de-ceaied for the benefit of the children of Joseph Banks, his nephew, deceased.

54. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Nixon, with Hester Speneer, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

55. An act to enable Brigg Price esquire, and his issue, to take and use the fumame of Fountaine, and to bear the arms of Sir Andrew Fountaine knight, deceased*

56. An act for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Towns-, wife of James Townsend esquire.

57. An act for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernfty John Michael Platz, and Rudolph Lemann.

58. An act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel, James Janoty Christopher John SchultZy John Gottifried KlotZy Erdmann Christopher Riemawiy and Bernhard Johann Fleifchmann.

59. An act for for dividing and inclosing the open fields and commonable places, in the parish of Houghton on the Hilly in the county of Leicester.

60. An act for dividing and inclosing Walkden Moory and a part of a parcel of moss ground, called Chatmofsy within the manor of Worjley, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, common pastures, and other commonable places, in Burton Overy9 in the county of Leicester.

62. An act for dividing and inclosing several lands and grounds, in the parish of Aukborough, in the county of Lincoln.

63. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields, common meadows, and waste grounds, in the parish of Emloady in the county of Worcester.

64. An act for dividing and inclosing certain moors orcommons, in the parish of Wolfingham, in the county palatine of Durham.

65. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and common fields, common meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Hartjhorn, in the county of Derby.

66. An act for inclosing and dividing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and common grounds, in the manor and parish of Tetford, in the county of Lincoln.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, mea« dows, and commons, within the lordship or liberty of Wilford, in the county of Nottingham. 68.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

68. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fkdds, and all the commonable lands and grounds, in Grimfiony in the county of Leicester.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing two moors, or commons, within the barony and manor of Warkey and parish of Syssadbun in the county of Northumberland.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open commoti arable fields, in the parishes of North Cockerington and South Cxkerington in the county of Lincoln.

71. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields and grounds, within the several parishes of Keelby and StaBingbrough, in the county of Lincoln.

72. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and common pashire, common meadow, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the manor and lordship of Carlton upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

73. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common fen, In the parishes of AJlackby and Dowjby, in the county of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said fen; and also certain inclosed low grounds adjoining to the said fen.

74. An act for dividing and inclosing the fen grounds, moors, sheep-walks, woodings, fike closes, open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parHh of Branston, in the county of the city of Lincoln.

75. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and commoti fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste ground, in the lordship and liberties of GranburroWy in the county of Warwick.

76. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, waste grounds, and commonable lands, of and in the manor, parish, and liberties, of LongBuckby, in the county of Northampton, exclusive of that part of the hamlet of Murcot which lies in the said parish.

77. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common moor, or trad of waste land, within the barony or manor of Bulbed, in the county of Northumberland.

78. An act for extinguishing certain rights of common, in the parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the county of Norfolk.

79. An act for inclosing and dividing the high and low commons of AuJlerMd, in the county of York.

80. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open arable fields, undivided inclosures, commons, and wastes, lying and being within the parish of Wadworth, in the west riding of the county of York.

81. An act for dividing and inclosing the several fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the hamlets of Ashford and Sheldon, in the parish of Bakcwclly and county of Derby.

82. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the manor and parish of Elford, in the county of Stafford.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

83. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open common field, common pastures, common meadows, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Somerton, in the county of Oxford.

84. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and corprinon field, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the township and hamlet of Shutford, in the parish of Swalclisse, in the county of Oxford.

85. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons, called The High and Low Commonj, in the parish of Tickhill, in the counties of York and Nottingham.

86. An act for draining and improving certain low, martf}, and fen lands, lying between Boston Haven and Bourny in the parts, of Kejieven and Holland in the county of Lincoln.

87. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Dorothy late countess dowager of Burlington, lying in the counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in trustees, to be sold and conveyed in manner therein mentioned; and for investing part of the money arising by such sale, in discharging a mortgage debt affect> ing the same premisses, and the residue thereof in the purchase of other manors, lands, and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses as the said settled ellates do now Hand limited, or so many of them as shall be then existing.

88. An act for vesting certain undivided parts or shares belonging to the honourable John Saint John, an infant, and Edward Deringj also an infant, of and in several messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by the sale thereof, in the purchase of other lands, to be conveyed to the use of the said John Saint John and Edward Dering y respectively, and their respective heirs; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

89. An act for making the portions provided by the marriage settlement of Sir George Trevelyan baronet, and dame Julia his wife, for their younger children, veiled interests, so that the same may be raised and paid, notwithstanding the deaths of such children in the life-time of their father; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

90. An act for vesting the barony or manor of Shipbrooky in the county of Chejlcry part of the estate of Henry Vernon esquire, comprized in his marriage settlement, in trustees, to be sold, for raising money to discharge the debts 3nd incumbrances charged upon and affecting the same, previous to the said settlement; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

91. An act for felling part of the settled estates of Robert Dolman enquire in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in the county of York, for discharging the debts and incumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the younger, his eldest son, affecting the same; and for making provision for Robert Dolman the younger, and for the younger children of Robert Dolman the elder.

92. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Christopher Crowe esquire, in the county of York, in him in fee Ample; and

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

for settling other estates, in the same county, in lieu thereof.

93. An Act for vesting the settled estate of John Knowsley, and

EbwAttb his wife, in the county of York, in trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to certain articles for the purchase thereof 5 and Sir laying out the money thereby stipulated to be paid in tteparchafe of other lands, to be charged and settled in man-ncras therein mentioned.

94. An act for vesting certain estates, late of Elizabeth Cary »iow, deceased, in the county of Middlesex, in trustees, in trufl: a? sell and convey the same to Robert Child esquire, and for lay-ing out the money arising by such sale in three per centum consolidated bank, annuities, to be secured and transferred in manner therein mentioned; and for other purposes.

95. An act for divesting out of the heir at law, or other legal representative or representatives of Edmund Neelcr deceased, the several freehold estates of the late William Westbrook esquire, deceased, in the counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Kent, and Surrey, and in the city of London; and for veiling the same in trustees, to be sold and conveyed to such persons as may already have contracted, or shall hereafter contract, to become the purchasers of any parts or shares thereof, under the directions of the court of Chancery.

96. An act for sale of the copyhold estates late of doctor Robert Taylor, deceased; and for laying out the money arising thereby, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof $ and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

97. An act to confirm and establish exchanges of land, at Dorking in Surrey, between Charles Howard esquire, and Edward Walter esquire -> and between the said Charles Howard, and Jonathan Tryes esquire.

98. An act for vesting part of the real estate of Mary Phelps widow, deceased, given and devised by her will, in trustees, to be sold for payment of debts, legacies, and incumbrances.

99. An act for vesting several freehold and copyhold estates, in the several counties of Essex, Suffolk^ Bucks, and Middlesex, and in the city of London, in trustees, for the sale thereof, in order to discharge the several legacies or portions bequeathed by the will of William Hollingworth esquire, deceased $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

100. An act for sale of the estates comprized in the marriage settlement of John Bristow esquire, in the county of Norfolk; and for applying the monies arising thereby in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses contained in the said settlement.

101. An act/or making a partition of divers lands and hereditaments, in the counties of Lincoln and York, late the estate of Edward Ayscough deceased, which, upon his death, belonged to his four daughters and co-heirs; and for settling the lands and hereditaments, to be allotted upon the said partition, to the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

several uses limited, of their several undivided shares thereof respectively.

102. An act for sale of the freehold estate late of Amie Brox-time widow, deceased, in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square; and for laving out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other freehold lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

103. An act for naturalizing Louisa Rudolfbina Waley and Greorgy Wale,

104. An act to naturalize Benedict Raul Wagner.

105. An act for naturalizing Sabine Louijfe Winn.

106. An act for dividing and inclosing several lands and grounds, undivided inclosures, commons, and wastes, in or near the village or hamlet of Marshorough, in the township of Kim-berworthy and in the parish of Rotherbanty in the county of York.

107. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and commoA fields, and common pastures, of Scalford, in the county of Lei-teftery and all the lands and grounds within the same fields.

108. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Felmersham, in the county of Bedford.

109. An act for vesting divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Toriy Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durbanty late the estate of Henry earl of CarliJUy deceased, in trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in and for the payment of his debts, legacies, and incumbrances, and other the purposes m his will mentioned.

110. An act to enable John lord BelleWy baron of Duleeiy in the kingdom of Ireland, more effectually to exercise his power, to raise certain sums therein mentioned, out of his settled estates in the said kingdom, for the portions of younger children.

111. An act for vesting the estate late of Peter Wyche esquire, at Goadby, alias Godeby Marwood, in the county of Leicester, in trust, to be conveyed to the most noble John marquis of Granby % or as he shall appoint; and for applying the purchase money in manner and for the purposes therein mentioned.

112. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor or manors, and parish of Syrtsham, otherwise Sifebanty in the county of Northampton.

113. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields and waste ground, in the parish of Braithwelly in the county of York.

114. An act to enable Jeremiah Rayment the younger esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Hadjley, pursuant to the will of Robert Hadjkytiquire, deceased.

115. An act for naturalizing Henry de Mijfy, and Gabriel Li Royer.

The End of the TABLE.

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII III.

REGIS

Magna Britannia, Francia, & Hibernia,

QUINTO.

At the parliament begun and holden at the

Nineteerith Day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great,

France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several prorogations to the Tenth Day of January 1765, being the Fourth Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAMBRIDGE:

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITYj for CHARLES BATHURST, opposite St, Dunflan's Church in Fleet-street, London. 1765.

Vol. XXVI. M

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno quinto GEORGII IIIx Regis.

CAP. I.

An act for the importation of failed beef porky bacon % and buttery from Ireland, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the permitting the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, into the kingdom of Great Britain, Preamble, from Ireland, for a limited timey may, at this time9 be a great advantage to both kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That TCe import*, the importation of all salted Dees, pork, bacon, and butter, into rion ?f«ted the kingdom of Great Britain, from Ireland, shall be, and is from " hereby permitted, allowed, and authorized, for and during the Ireland for is term of twelve months from the commencement of this act; monthti and that all persons shall be, and are hereby exempted, freed, and discharged, from the payment of all subsidies, customs, rates, duties, or other impofnions, and also from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punishments, for or upon account of importing or bringing salted beef, pork, bacon, or butter, into the kingdom of Great Britain, from Ireland, during the term aforesaid, other than such as herein afte^r are mentioned in respect thereof; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and, to the intent that the revenue a-upon payment rising from salt may not be prejudiced by such importation of?* the follow-salted beef, pork, bacon, or butter, from Ireland, be it cnadfc-, ng ralt duacg* ed. That from the commencement of this present act, during the continuance thereof, there shall be paid to such officer as the commissioners for the duties on salt for the time being shall appoint, at the port in Great Britain into which such salted beef, vis. 3s. pork, bacon, or butter, shall, in pursuance of this act, be im- barrel^ported from Ireland, and before any part thereof shall be deli- beef or pork* vered out to the person or persons to whom the same shall belong, or be consigned, the sum of three shillings and four pence for every barrel or cask of salted beef or pork to be imported during the continuance of this a Sty containing thirty two galions, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser auantuy; and for every hundred weight of bacon, salted beef called dried

164 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. i.

[1765.

beefy dried neats tongues, and dried hog-meat, the sum of one loo weight billing ar*d three pence; and for every hundred weight of all for airjricd such "iked butter, the sum of four pence; and foin proportion beef, neats for any greater or lesser quantity than an hundred weight of tongues, and any such salted beef called dried beefy bacon, dried neats tongues, anfd^er or ^Tlc^ hog-meat, as or for custom or for duty, on or in respectc ^oo weight thereof: the money so arising by the importation of the said for all salted salted beef, pork, bacon, dried beef, dried neat9 tongues, dried butter;hog meat, or butter, to be paid into his Majesty's exchequer, ^rtionforTlias Part duties on kk» laid by an act of the fifth year of

quami- rci8n of hi*, ate majesty King George the Second, and con-ties. tinued by several subsequent acts.

The duties to be paid over into the exchequer as part of the duties on salt.

Provisions III- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, landed with- That if any person or persons shall, after the commencement out the said and during the continuance of this act, land any such salted first^ai^afe ^cef, pork, bacon, or butter, or any salted beef called dried forfeited; ^o- beefy dried neats tongues, or dried hog-meat, into the kingdom gether with of Great Britaifiy from Ireland, before payment of the duty or aos. per bar- duties by this act specified and directed, the same shall be for-rel*! feited and loft, and twenty shillings per barrel for every barrel aos. per 100 or calk of such salted beef or pork, and twenty shillings per weight for all hundred weight for every hundred weight of such bacon, salted dried meat beef called dried beefy dried neats tongues, dried hog-meat, or and butter. faited butter, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof j and Recovery; mi- that it shall and maybe lawful to and for any person or persons, tigation, and being an officer or officers of the customs, or of his Majesty's a*thCati0ai duties upon kk> to take and seize all such commodities as shall ties. C " be imported and landed contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, together with the calks, vessels, and package containing the same; and that all such penalties and forfeitures shall be distributed in manner following; that is to say, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof, to the person or persons who shall seize, sue, or inform for the same; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; or may be sued for, recovered, and mitigated, as any forfeiture or penalty may be sued for, recovered, and mitigated, by any of the laws relating to the duties on salt.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That mo to°^lTowca drawback shall be allowed or paid for any such salted beef, pork, on theexpor- bacon, or butter, so imported into the kingdom of Great Britain, tation thereof from Ireland, and which shall be exported from Great Britain elsewhere. elsewhere.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or efendants in any such action or suit, may plead the

General UTue. general issue, and give thi* aft, and the special matter, in evidence,

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 2; 165

at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have

appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or

[Treble costs.]

demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malty mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

[Preamble.]

Malt act of i George III. further continued to 24 June, 1766.

Malt in Scotland to pay 3d. per bushel. Mum ios. per barrel. Cyder and perry made for sale, 4s. per hogshead. How these duties are to be raised, &c. 20, 000l. to be raisea in Scotland. Surplus to be added to the fisheiies, Sec. This act to relate to the same day and time as the act 1 Geo.

III. did. Malt brought from Scotland by (ea, to be entered at the port of landing! brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Carlisle. Cyder for diHilling not chargeable. Distiller to give notice to officer when he di.

(His cyder. Allowances for exportation of malt, 1 W. & M. On certificate of malt being exported, and security, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding. Malt steeping for exportation to be kept separate till measured. Matters to give notice to officers. See. Penalty on opening the locks, Sec. Matters, on 24 June, 1765, to clear out of their warehouses all malt within fifteen months. And so all future matters. Clauses in aft si Annas, Se 6 Geo. 1. 5s perbufhei penalty on all corn steeping, or steeped for malt, which shall be found in the cittern or couch, so hard and compact as it could not be unless the same had been forced together to prevent the rising. tool, penalty on fraudulently conveying from the cif-tera, any steeping of corn, and mixing the same with other com charged with the duty in the couch; or fraudulently conveying the same away, so that no gauge of such corn can be taken in; the couch. Penalties how to be recovered. Buyers of cyder or perry for their private use, not to be charged. Persons felling less than 20 gallons to be deemed retailers. Clause of loan at 3l. 10s. per cent. Tallies of loan to be struck, Sec. Orders registered and paid in course. No fee for registering, Sec. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the lame day: nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course. Orders assignable. Commissioners of the treasury ira-powered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common sum, or different (urns, in the principal monies. Bills to bear interest at 3l. ios. per cent, per ann. These bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treasury to direct the course of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. The bills to be placed as cash in the exchequer, and to be issuable thereout in common with other monies, and to be current in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer, fnterest to continue till payment.

Interest to cease whilst the bills are in the hands of receivers, See. Bills paid to receivers. See. to be signed and dated. Interest to be allowed to the said days. The bills may bere-issued both for principal and interest. Receivers to keep a book. Bills filled up by indorsements, or defaced, to be exchanged.

Bills not exceeding 5000l. each, to be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, felony. How the monies a rising by this act shall be applied.

Treasury on 10 Sept. 1766, to take an account of all monies raised and discharged. Unfatisfecd monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the

166 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 3. [1765.

sinking fund. Commissioners to appoint persons to pay off principal Turns* which shall from time to time be in course of payment upon exchequer bills. Money, as brought in, to be paid to the paymasters. Bills to be registered in course. When interest to cease. Paymasters liable to the controul of the treasury. Treasury to settle salaries of clerks, &c. and to Contract with persons to circulate bills, Sec. Contractors not disabled from being members of parliament: may lower or raise the interest with con-Tent of treasury. Contractors how to be paid. No fee to be taken. No interest for less than one penny. Charges to be paid out of the sinking fund: to be replaced out of the first supplies. Clause of relief for bills lost or destroyed- Bills discharged to be cancelled. Sinking fund appropriated Ho discharge national debts incurred before 15 Dec. 1716. Deficiency of malt tax, 3 Geo. 3. how to be supplied. Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the supplies granted for the year 1765.

CAP. III.

An act for extending the time granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing his Majesty's subjects to import their goods and effects> being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace % upon payment of the same duties as they would have been liable to if the same places had remained in his Majesty's possession.

Preamble

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the third year reciting act*v of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for 3 Opo. 3, raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three$ and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for allowing his Majesty's subjects to import their goods and effects, being the produce of certain places ceded to France and Spain by the late treaty of peace, upon payment of the same duties as they would have been liable to if such places had remained in his Majesty's possession; reciting, That, by the definitive treaty of peace between his Majesty and the crowns of France and Spain, ratified the tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, the islands of Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, Defirade, Martinico, and Goree, are ceded to France, and all that his Majesty had conquered in the island of Cuba is ceded to Spain; and the term of eighteen monthsy to be Computed from the day of the ratification of the find treaty, is thereby allovnd to British subjects to transport their effects from those islands; and also reciting, That the produce of those places, imported into this kingdom after the rtfiitution thereof to Prance and Spain, would be subject to higher duties than they were liable to during the time they remained in his Majesty Tpofjession; and that to the end his Majestfs subjects, having effects in the places before-mentioned, might'have all due encouragement and opportunity to bring the same from thence, it is enacted, That it Should and might be lawful for any of his Majestfs subjects to import into this kingdom, at any time before the firjfi day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty foury and no longer, in British ships navigated according to law, di-feftly from the places before-mentioned, any goods or effects being the

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4. j6f

growth or produce thereof respectively, upon payment of such and the like customs and duties only, as would be due and payable for the same if such places had remained and were in the possession of his Majesty; any law, cufeomy or ufagey to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas many of his Majestfs subjectsy under fanftim of the said atty Jent out ships for the purpose of importing their goods and effects from the said places into this kingdom \ which ships, from various circumstances, could not arrive in any of the ports of Great Britain before the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty foury the time limited by the said act: and whereas several of the said ships arrived in Great Britain fence the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty foury anahe goods and iffefts therein imported, are now detainedy being subject to further customs and duties than they would have been fuljeft to if the said ships had arrived before the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and several other of the said ships are not yet arrived: in order therefore that his Majesty's said subjects may have relief, agreeable to the good intentions of the said act, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament A,

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said ^mported goods and effects, so imported as aforesaid since the said first day since 1 Nor. of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, shall 1764, are to be subject to such and the like customs and duties only, as they P.ay such du-would have been subject and liable to if they had been imported into this kingdom any time before the said first day of November, ija,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and it shall and may ble to, if im-be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects so import into this ported before kingdom, at anytime before the first day of May, one thousand and such as*1 seven hundred and sixty five, and no longer, in British ships^duly navigated according to law, diredHy from the places before-imported, in mentioned, any goods or cffe&s being the growth or producemanner, thereof respectively, upon payment of such and the like cu-beforei May stoms and duties only, as would be due and payable for the same 1765, are to be if the same places had remained and were in the possession of admited to his Majesty; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not- bke payment withstanding. also>

CAP. IV.

An act to indemnify such per fans as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments-, and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to or deliver in

their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying aft* of i Geo. i. 13 Car. 2, 25 Car. 2, 30 Car. 2, 18 Geo. 2. and 2 Geo. 3. Further time to 28 Nov. 1765, allowed to persons who have omitted to qualify thfmfclycs, as the

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1765.

said lawselireft. Persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed, recapatitated and indemnified. Offices, &c. already a-voided by judgement of a court, and filled up, confirmed. None indem* uified where final judgement bath been given for the penalty incurred.

CAP. V.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

*037, 854.1. 19 e. and xid. to be raised in Great Britain. 1, 989, 9001.18s. andd. to be raised in England, in one year, from tc March, 176c. Per* tonal estates (except desperate debts, ' flock on land, houshold goods, and loans to his Majesty) to pay 4 s. in the pound. 'Employments of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to pay 4 s. per pound. Pennons and annuities out of the exchequer, dec. to pay, Sec. lands, tenements, mines, See. to be charged with equality and indifference. Sec. Lands, Sec, subject to relit-charges, annuities, Sec. Commissioners of the land tax for the year 1763, to put this act in execution. Commissioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1765, as by the act 4 W. Se M.' and may subdivide themselves. Sec. A lift of the of to act in each division, to be given to the receiver-general. Commissioners to summon fit persons to he assessors, who are to appear before them in 8 days $ and then to give them a charge. Persons absenting, or refusing to serve, forfeit, not exceeding 5 1. nor less than 40 3. Assessors to be two at least, and sufficient inhabitants. Assessments to be brought in at a day and place prefixt. The full sum charged to be assessed. A certificate of the assessment to be brought in, with the collectors names. Assessors, Scc, neglecting their duty, to be fined not above 401. Assessors to deliver one Copy of the assessments to the of Duplicates thereof to be signed. Scc. and one delivered to the collectors, &c. with warrant for collecting. Commissioners required to give collectors notice at what time gnd place the appeal of any person who shall think himself aggrieved, by being over-rated, may be beard and determined. A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the assessors and collectors, to the receiver-general 5 and one to the remembrancer's office, by 8 August 1765, or so days after (all appeals first determined.) Remembrancer to give receipts gratis, on penalty of 101. The rates to be levied on the parties, or premises, and to be paijl to the receivers-general. Sec. The money collected to be paid to the receiver-general, or deputies 5 and they to give of notice. Collectors not obliged to travel above io miles. Removal or death of receiver-general to be notify'd to the of 497, 475 k 4 s. and 8 d. 1 q. for the first quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 24 June, 1765. The second payment by 29 Sept. 1765. The third payment by 25 Dec. 1765. The last payment by 2< March, 1766. Receiver-general withm a month after receiving the full sum charged, to give the of a receipt which shall be a full discharge fot* payment. Receivers-general within 20 days to pay the monies into the exchequer. Receiver-general allowed 2 d. in the pound. Collectors to have 3d. in the pound. Commissioners clerks to nave three halfpence in the pound. Collectors rtiay levy by distress in case of refusal of payment. Distress to he kept four days at the owner'seharge; then appraised and fold, and overplus returned, Sec. Commissioners to determine differences about distress. For want of distress, offender may be committed, (except a peer or peeress of Great Britain) tenants to pay the tax, and deduct so much out of the rents. Tenants discharged for what they so pay. Commissioners to settle differences between landlord and tenant. Commissioners to cause all deficiencies to be re-afftfled, and made good. Assessor refusing to serve, to forfeit, not exceeding 401. Fine not to be discharged but oy of who imposed it and levied by diflxef? or imprisonment, and paid into the exchequer, and inr ferted in £he duplicates. Condors detaining the money, to be in\prisonr

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

ed, their estates seized and fold, See. Commissioners to examine whether the Turns assessed be duly collected, See. In cale of controversies in aiTeiT-ing of, the of concerned to withdraw. In default to be fined* not above so1. No privileged place or per Ton exempt from this tax. Fee-farm rents, Sec. to be taxed. Tenants to pay the rates. Colleges, Sec. in the uni verities, &c. not chargeable: nor the houses or lands which before the 15th of March, 1693, did belong to Christ's bofpi-jtal, Sec. Nor corporation of clergymens Tons, Bromley college, or any other hospitals. No tenants of hospitals, Sec. to claim any exemption. Such tenants not discharged, who by leases are obliged to pay taxes. Commissioners to determine bow far lands. Sec. belonging to hospitals, Sec. not exempted by name, ought to be charged. All hospitals, lands, Sec. assessed by 4 W. Se M. liable to this aid, and no other. Receivers of fee-farm rents, Scc. to allow 4 s. per pound to the parties, without fee* on penalty of 10 1. Auditors, Sec. setting tenants injufitr for what ought to be allowed, or refuting allowance, to forfeit 1001. Such fee-farm rents only to have an allowance of 4 s. per pound, as are answerable to the crown, or were purchased according to 11 & 23 Car. 2. The owners to allow the same to the party paying* Litis of pensions, See to be delivered gratis to the afieflors. Taxes on pensions. Sec. not paid, to be stopt in the exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money stopt. Per* Tons to be taxed in the parish where they dwell. No proviso to lessen the full sum by this act to be levied. Contrafts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided. All places to pay where usually assessed. West Barnfieki to be assessed in the lathe of Skray, Com* Kent. North-more, Com' Oxon. in Bampton. Charlbury, Sec. in Chadlington. Leeds* Com* Ebor. in Sky rack. Ombersley, Com* Worcester, in Oswaldfiow hundred. Aldemaston* in Oswaldfiow hundred. Paritii of Yardley, in Halfshire hundred. Forest of Chute, where the first 4 s. aid was assessed. Upton, in Perihore hundred. Calder and Ayre, at Wakefield and Leeds. Inhabitants of apartments, See. in Somerset House, to be assessed in the same proportion with those in Lancaster liberty. General ifltie. Treble costs. Where lands, Sec. are unoccupied, and no ditirefs found, Collectors may distrain at any time after. Wood may be cut down, and fold for ditirefs. (Timber trees excepted) Tithes, tolls, Sec, not paid within 6 days after demand. Scc. may be seized and fold. Receiver-general returning persons, who have paid the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble damages to the party grieyed, and to his Majesty double the sum so returned. Commissioners to aiTefs the assessors. None compelled to be afifetibrs out of the limits of the city, Sec. Assessments on foreign mini-tiers houses to be paid by the landlords. In places extra parochial of to nominate afieflors and collectors. Sec. No commissioner. Sec liable to any other penalties than such as are infiifted by this act. Commissioners not to act without taking the oaths by 1 Geo. 1. Sec. Act ing before oaths taken, forfeit too 1. Officers to pay where employed, Sec. Officers in Chancery to be assessed in the rolls liberty. Annuities where rated. Pensions, where payable. Personal estates, where persons rest-dent. Sec. Persons not houfhotders, where resident. Absent persons to be rated where they we*e last resident. Goods, Sec. to be assessed where they shall be. Persons doubly rated, discharged on certificate. Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or GuenBey. Persons avoiding the tax charged treble. Housholders to give an account of their lodgers, of forfeiture of 51. Shares in the New River, Sec. to pay 4 s. per pound. Snares in the Fire Offices, and in the Lights, and the King's Printing House to pay 4s. per pound. Merchants, bank of England, poti office. See. to be paid by the governors. Governors, Sec. of the river-waters, and water works, retiring to pay, the collectors impowered to levy the sum by difbefs and sale. Papilla 18 years of age not taking the oaths iW.fcM. to pay double: unless taken wkhin to days after the commissioners first meeting, Persons 18 years of age refuting the oaths, to pay double. Commissioners to summon suspected persons. Scc. Quakers to subscribe the declaration 1 W. Se M- Commissioners to double assess Pa-picts* pherc afieflors omit. Tenants discharged from double rates. King's

176 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5.[1765.

Bench, Marshalsea prison, Sec. to be assessed in Saint George's parish, Sec. Officers of the Marshalsea court refusing to pay, See. Cofleftors by warrant from of may distrain. If no goods (Efficient, officer to be imprisoned. Fleet prison to 'be assessed in St. Bride's. Officers at Stoke Damrel, near Plymouth, to be assessed within the town of Plymouth, See* Hospital at East Stonehouse to be assessed also within the town of Plymouth, Sec. sol. to be paid out of the sum assessed on the said officers, in aid of the assessment on East Stonehouse. Water-works in Southwark to be assessed in Surrey. Water-works in Westminster to be assessed there. Offices, lec. in Whitehall and St. James's, to be there assessed. Collector of the water-works in Colchester chargeable. Collectors for the waterworks in New Windsor, chargeable. Patent officers to bishopricks to paw where assessed in 1693. Commissioners appointed to act, without subdivia-ing the parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in. Middlesex. The parish of St. George Hanover Square to be charged with a distinct quota from the parish of St. Martin in the fields. Debates arising concerning the joint quota $ the of who are inhabitants of either parish to withdraw, or to be fined a sum not exceeding so 1. The parishes of St. John, St. Peter, and Berchington, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the assessment 4 W. Sc M. Lands not worth so s. per annum, not chargeable. Collectors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 401. Receiver-general misapplying the monies to forfeit 5001. Commissioners of the treasury. See. not to divert the payments into the exchequer. No Noli prosequi, &c. in any suit against this act. Commissioners to abate where lands are overcharged, and to reafless, Sec. or raise it on persons undercharged. Receiver-general answerable for deputies. Sub-collector not to travel above ten miles, Sec. Receivers not nominating deputies, See. to forfeit 1001. Commissioners for the county at large may act for any city, Sec. Mayors, bailiffs, Sec. to act as of specially appointed. Members of parliament to be taxed at their mansion-houses. First meeting for the west riding of York at Pontefract $ north riding at Thirflc 5 east riding at Beverley. No commissioner capable to act in any county at large, unless rated at 1001. per ann. (Merioneth, Cardigan, Scc. excepted.) Commissioners for Anglesea, Sec. to act, if taxed at 601. per ann. Commissioners may act for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court. Sec. Attornies. Sec. not to be of, without possessing tool, per ann. No commissioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin le Grand, to act, unless. rated at sol. per ann. of his own estate, Sec. No commissioner of the city. Sec. of Westminster to act, unless rated at 101. per ann. of his own estate. Persons disabled, presuming to act, to forfeit 501. Collectors of the new water-works in Exon, chargeable. Her Majesty the Queen not chargeable; nor her royal highness the princess dowager of Wales; nor his royal highness the duke of Cumberland, nor the princess Amelia. Superannuated sea-officers not to pay, Sec. nor poor knights of Windsor. Residentiaries in what cases not chargeable. Nor tool, per ann. to the poor clergy of the isle of Man. Nor pages of honour. Re-ceivers-general to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. Commissioners for Lincoln to act in Lincoln Close, And for the county, in St. Martin Stamford Baron. Auditor to keep a register, &c. Deputies to pay for principals, and on nonpayment liable to distress. Receiver-general to give a list of money received by him, at the time and place appointed. On refusal, to forfeit any sum not exceeding sol. Collectors may keep so much money as any s of judge reasonable. No receiver to return an I/tfuper upon any county, Sec. after 3 years, for monies* in arrear 5 but the same to be a debt on him and his securities. Sheriff, on writs of Diflrmgas9 to return issues after the rate of 51. per cent, of the Aim set insuper; and process to issue thereupon, &c. Waterworks in Shrewsbury chargjeable. Who shall have the benefit only of o-yerplus sums uncharged. Clause for the ease of protestants, to whom lands, &c. have come, which have been doubly taxed.* Where lands formerly doubly taxed are liable only to a single assessment $ Commissioners, on complaint, to examine into the truth thereof, and to certify the same to the barons of the Exchequer, before 19 Sept. 1765; who are tQ discharge the overplus before the l^ft day of Nov. 1765. Certificates of

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 6.

the sums discharged to be produced to the of at their next meeting. Commissioners may summon collectors, who have converted land tax monies to their own use, or their heirs, &c. and on examination may issue their warrants for paying such monies to his Majesty's use. The payments made according to the commUIioners warrants, Sec. shall be discharges to the collectors, or their heirs, &c. Collectors not paying, may be imprisoned, and their estates seized and fold. Arrears of former land taxes to be levied by the present of No receiver-general, or his agents, may lue the county for a robbery, unless the persons parrying the money be 3 in company. Tolls or duties on turnpikes not chargeable by this or any former act. Commissioners may, before 29Sept. 1765, summon assessors, who have not charged their estates flnee 6 May, 1717, and examine them upon oath, and award satisfaction, to be levied and paid to the collectors. Commissioners, See. to distinguish and set down the gross sums assessed for double taxes, to be transmitted in the exchequer. Assessments on the town of Cambridge to be raised on manors, See. and on fishings, Sec. on the river Cam. On whom, and when, yearly assessments on fairs, Sec. to be collected. Distress on default of payment, bow to be levied. Tenants of booths. Sec. to pay the rates, and deduct them out of their rents, Sec. 47*9541. is. ad. to be raised in Scotland, by an 8 months cess of 5*994l. 5s. id. 3q. per menfem; to be rated as the tax roll now is or shall be settled by themselves. The first two months cess to be paid by 14 June, 1765. Second 29 Sept. 1765. Third 15. Dec. 1765. Fourth 35 March, 1766. Commissioners for putting this act in execution in Scotland. And execution to be done as by the said acts. First meeting to be at the head burghs on 30 April, 1765. All clauses in former acts relating to the bringing in the cess, &c. to he in full force. No persons in Scotland holden to produce their receipts after 3. years. Debtor owing money in Scotland at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from 11 Nov. 1764, to 11 Nov. 1765. 47, 9541. is. sd. to be raised free of all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. No person to be a commissioner of the land tax in Scotland, who is not enfeoft of tool. Scots per ann. real relit, in the county where he acts. Exception. Commissioners in Scotland to take the oaths, and subscribe the assurance. Provost, &c. of any royal borough may ad as a commissioner. Clause of loan at 3l. 10s. percent. Tallies of loan to be struck, Sec. Orders to be registered and paid in course. No Fee for registering, Sec. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference where tallies are dated or brought the same day: nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course. Orders assignable. Commissioners of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common sum, or different sums, in the principal monies. Bills to bear interest at 31. 10 s. per cent, per ann. These bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treasury to direct the course of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, See. The bills to be placed as calli in the exchequer, Clause? in the malt tax ad relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. How the monies arising by this act shall be applied. Treasury on 29 Sept. 1766, to take an account of all monies raised and discharged. Unsatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the sinking fund. The monies to be replaced out of the first supplies. Deficiency of the land tax, 3 Geo. 3. how to be supplied.

CAP. VI.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

WHEREAS it may bt necefla for the safety of this dm, and the defence of the of the crown of QxvtX.

Britain, that a body of marine forces Should be employed in his fifty's fleet and naval fervid, under the direction of the lord high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral

Anno quinto Georgii III. t. 6. [1765.

of Great Britain; and whereas the said marine forces may frequently be quartered on shore, where they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of his Majestfs forces by Jea; yet nevertheless, it being requiftte for the retaining of such forces in their duty, that an exalt difctpline be observed, and that marines who shall mutiny, or fir up /edition, or shall desert his Majesty's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the law will allow \ be it enacted, bV.

After a 5 March 1765, daring the continuance of this act, every marine officer and private man on shore, who shall mutiny or desert, &c. or lift in tny other regiment, See. or shall be found (leeping on, or shall desert, hit

S>ft, or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or all (trike, or disobey his superior officer; shall fuflfer death, or men pa-niffiment as a court martial shall inflict. The lord high admiral, or of for executing that office, may grant a commission to hold general courts-martial, See. Courts-martialmay inflict corporal punishment for immoralities. See. Lords, See. of the admiralty impowered to make articles for punishment of mutiny and desertion, Sec. and to constitute courts-martial. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be so punishable by this act. General court-martial not to con-flit of less than 13 $ and tlje president to be a field officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. May administer an oath to witnelks. Officers to be (worn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In sentences of death, nine officers to concur, Sec. Hours of trial. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court martial. Original proceedings. Sec. of courts-martial, to be transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty, &c.

None to be tried a second time for the same offence. Sentence not to be revised more than once. Deserters beyond (ea, Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This act not to exempt any on shore from ordinary process. Persons acouitted by the civil magistrate, may only be cashiered by a court martial. Persons accused of capital crimes, See. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate, &c. Fictitious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the mutter-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false mutter. Paymaster to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver. Constables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, ale-houses. Sec. But in no distillers houses, or shopkeepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on officers quartering private men contrary to this act, Sec. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. Officers and marines to be furnished at the rates herein set for their provisions. What inn holders may allow men quartered on them, instead or meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters* Constables to billet the same accordingly. No paymaster. Sec. to make deductions ont of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fuofistence money in their bands. Rates of fob* fittence to be paid to innkeepers, Sec. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice of subsistence-money, and paying quarters, paymaster to satisfy them out of the company's nexjt pay, and officer to be cashiered. On moving from quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, Sec. Paymaster to pay the sum certified for. Officers, See. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct. Justices to order constables tp provide carriages for the marine forces on their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, &c. Penalty on constables.

Scc. neglect. Treasurers of the county to repay the constable's extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No waggon, See. to carry above ao hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Marines wives. Sec. not to be quartered without ponfent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines (Jestroying the game.

*73

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 7.

Constables may apprehend deserters, and carry them before a justice. Justices to commit them, and transmit an account to the secretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the ftibfistence of deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buy* ing their arms, clothes, &c. This act to extend to deserters, See. in Ireland. Continuance of this act. Offences against former acts may be enquired of and punished as under this act, provided no person be liable to be tried for offences committed 3 years before issuing their warrant for trial i except in cases of desertion only. No volunteer liable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of sol. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process 5 otherwise prisoner to be discharged, with colts. Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgement and execution. Penalty on constables.

See. neglecting to quarter tnarines. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering, and on victuallers refusing to receive marines.

To prevent abuses in quartering, justices may order constables to give an ^account of the number of officers, and private men, and where quartered.

Clause for relief of persons haltily lifting them (elves. As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the marine and land forces may lit in conjunction upon courts-martial s taking rank according the seniority of their com-vnilfions. Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any ships of war, are liable to be governed by the rules established by alt si Geo. s.

CAP. VII.

An act for ptmishing mutiny and desertion-, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing army within this kingdom, in time of peace, unless it be with con- Freamb* sent of parliament, is against law: and whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces Should be continued for the Safety of this kingdom, the defence of the possesstons of the crown of Great Britain, and the preservation of the balance of power in Europe, and that the whole number of such forces Nuraber of Should consist of seventeen thousand four hundred and twenty one effec- forces 17, 4.11 ttve men, including two thousand six hundred and twenty eighty in- including valids: and whereas, during the late just and necessary war in which* invalids his Majesty has been engaged against France and Spain, some part of his Majesty's forces, exceeding the number aforesaid, has been employed in difiant parts beyond the seas, which mufi render the time when such forces may return home uncertain \ some of which are intended to be broke, and others reduced, as soon after such arrival as conveniently may be: and whereas no man can be fore-judged of life or limb, or fiubjefted in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being requifete for the retaining all the before-mentioned forces in their duty, that an exafi difei-pline be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny, or fiir up sedition, or shall iefert his Majesty's service within this realm, or the kingdom of Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or the iflanas thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the ttfual forms of the law will allow; be it therefore enacted, &c.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 7. [1765.

After March 1765, during; the continuance of this act, every officer and private man, who shall mutiny or desert, Sec. or lift in any other regiment, '&c. or shall be found lleeping on, or shall desert, his post9 or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall strike, or dilobey his superior officer) shall suffer death, or such punishment as 2 court-martial shall inflict. The King may grant a commission to hold 2 court-martial, &c. Courts-martial mav inni& corporal punishment for immoralities, Sec. General courts-martial not to consist of less than 1 j j and the president to be field a officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. May administer an oath to witnesses. Officers to be sworn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In sentences of death, nine officers to concur, Sec. Hours of trial. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the (entence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings, &c. of courts-martial to be transmitted to the judge advocate general in London, Sec. None to be tried asecond time for the same offence, except in case of appeal. This act not to exempt soldiers from ordinary process. Penalty on false certificates to excule lol-diers from musters. Penalty on officers making false musters, Sec. Fictitious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the muster rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false muster. Mu. fter-master to give notice of muster to mayor, &c. Penalty on muster-ma-fter neglecting so to do.- Muster-rolls to be signed by the mayor, Sec. Penalty on prrlons offering themselves to be falsly muttered. Horles falsly mustered, to be forfeited. Sec. Forfeiture how to be levied. Officer cm- bezilling, Sec. military stores, to be cashiered and forfeit tool, and the damage to be made good by sale of his goods and chattels; for want of distress, the person to be committed. Application of the forfeiture. Muster master, Sec. taking a muster to make oath. The oath. Muster-rolls, though transmitted without the oath indorsed to the paymasters general, to be good vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agent, Sec. detaining officer's or soldiers pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents disobeying of orders. Surgeon, Sec. within ten miles of London, See. to certify who are tick i and commanding officer, who are employed in raising recruits. Penalty on officer muttering persons by wrong names. Constables, Sec. to'quarter officers and men in inns, ale houses, Sec. But in no distillers houses, or shopkeepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on constables. Sec. quartering folders in private houses, Sec. Penalty on officers quar-

tering soldiers contrary to this act, Sec. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. No justice having any military office, to be concerned in billeting his soldier?* Officers and soldiers to pay rates for their provisions. What inn-holders may allow men quartered on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Dragoons, &c. and their horses, to be billeted in the same house. Manner of changing men and horses. Clause relating to a soldier's settlement for his wife and children. Officers, &c. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct. No pay master, &c. to make deductions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Treasury may issue out the money due for cloathing, every, two months. Paymasters to deduct the off reckonings. Officers to give notice to innkeepers cf subsistence-money in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to inn-keepeis, &c. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying subsistence-money. On nonpayment of quarters, the officer to make up accounts. Sec. No muster in Westminster, Sec, but in the presence of two or more justices. Constables, &c. may billet soldiers in Westminster, Sec.r Petty constables, &c. to quarter soldiers in their respective divi-(ions. Conllaoles, &c. to deliver lilts at quarter sessions, on oath, of inhabitants, and soldiers quartered in their respective divisions; to be inspect-cd without fee. Copies of such lifts to be wrote by the clerk, at id. per (beet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty, on giving defective lifts. How to be levied. This act to extend to Jersey, Sec. Mu-fttr-iolls to be closed on the day of muster, and returned to the paymaster of the forces, &c. Penalty. Justices may order constables to provide carnages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travet more than day's journey, Sec. Penalty on constables, Sec. neglect. Treasurer*

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 8, 9, 10. ty§

furers of the county to repay the constable's extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No waggon, &c. to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided.

Soldiers wives, See. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or soldiers destroying the game. How the account of every regiment shall be kept. Penalty on pay mailers, See. Penalty on colonels. Non-commission officer emoezelling soldier's pay to be reduced, &c.

Justices may commit deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes, See, Penalty on officer breaking open house without warrant. His Majesty impowered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but For crimes expressed to be so punishable by this act. Deserters beyond iea»

[Treble costs.]

&c. may be tried here or in Ireland. This act to extend to deserters, Sec. in Ireland, &c. Persons acquitted by the civil magistrate, may only be cashiered by a court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate, See. Paymasters, See. to account with executors. Persons sued may plead the general issue.

All suits to be brought in some of the courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, or the court of session in Scotland. Continuance of this act. Penalties against the ad v Geo. i. where to be sued for. No volunteer liable to proeels, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 10l. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process; plaintiff may file a common appearance. Penalty on taking money toexcufeany person from quartering; or victuallers refusing to quarter soldiers. Justices may order constables to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered, Scc.

How the troops are to pay in passing over ferries in Scotland. Clause for relief or persons hastily lifting themselves. Persons refusing the said relief, to be proceeded against as if duly lifted. Offences against former mutiny acts punishable by this act. None liable to be tried or punished for offences against former acts, unless committed within 3 years; except for desertion. Officers, Sec. of the train of artillery subject to this act. American troops, acting in conjunction with British forces, liable to the same martial laws. Officers and soldiers of the American troops sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billeted as the British forces, and under the same regulations and penalties. This act not to extend to the militia farther than is directed by the militia laws. As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the land and marine forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial; taking rank according to thefemorityof their coinraiflions#

CAP. VIII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokefly, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lefihess, in the county of Kent.

CAP. IX.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damer-ham North, and the lordship or liberty of Corsham, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. X.

An act to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland.

WHEREAS oft, passed in the thirtysecond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the intituled An, Pre«mb!«.

a£Aa 3Z Geo.

<^»ooQ[e

i j6

The free importation of cattle from Ireland allowed for the term of 7 year*}

without payment of duties.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Preamble, reciting several clauJes in act 1 a AnnXj

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. n: [1765.

act to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland for a limited time, is near expiring; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the end of this session of parliament, the free importation of all forts of cattle into this kingdom from Ireland shall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and authorised, for and during the space of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament\ and that all persons shall be, and are hereby, exempted, freed, and discharged, from the payment of all subsidies, customs, rates, duties, or other impositions, and also from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punishments, for or on account of importing or bringing cattle into this kingdom from Ireland; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs; and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XI.

An act for rendering more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, the of therein named or any five or more of them, have full power to hear and receive any proposal or proposals that shall be made to them for discovering the said longitude: and in case the said of, or any five or more of them, shall be so far falisfied of the probability of any such discovery, as to think tt proper to make experiments thereof they shall certify the same, under their hands and fealsy to the commissmen of the navy for the time being % together with (be persons

nines

177

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 11.

names who are authors of such proposals; and, upon producing such certificate, the said of are hereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for any such sum or sums of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, as the said of for the discovery of the said longitude, or any five or more of them, Jkall think necessary for making the experiments, payable by the treasurer of the navy; which sum or sums the treasurer of the navy is by the said act required to pay immediately, to such person or persons as shall be appointed by the said of to make those experiments, out of any money that shall be in his hands unapplied for the Use of the navy: and whereas for a due and sufficient encouragement to any such person or persons as shall discover a proper method for finding the said longitude, it is likewise enabled by the said act, that the first author or authors, discoverer or discoverers, of any such method, his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be intitled to, and have such reward, as in the said act is particularly mentioned: and whereas by another act of parliament made in the fourteenth year of of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An act for surveying the chief ports and head lands on the coasts Act if Geo. 1. of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging, hi order to the more exact determination of the Jongitudfe and latitude thereof, it was enacted, that the said of for discovering the said longitude, or any five or more of them, Should have full power to apply such part of the said sum of two thousand pounds, mentioned in the said first recited act, as had" not then been laid out in experiments, as they Should think necessary for the making such survey, and determining the longitude and latitude of the chief ports and head lands on the coafis of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging, and that -such fum or sums, part of the said two thousand pounds, which the said of, or any five or more of them, Should think necess'a-ry, Should be paid immediately, by the treasurer of the navys to such person or persons as Should be appointed by the said of to make such survey and determine such longitude and latitude, out of the mo^ ney that Should be in the hands of such treasurer unapplied for the use of the navy: and whereas by an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, an act to render more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of A 1 co*,

the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude, and to enlarge the number of of for putting in execution the said act, the further sum of two thousand pounds was directed to be applied, in such manner as the commissioners for the discovery of the longitude Should think necessary, for making further experiments: and whereas by an act in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rendering more effectual an act made in the and afta Geo. j; twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled.

An act for providing a publick reward for fuel) person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making ex-Vot, XXVI. N perimenu

*78 Anno quinto Georgii III. c.ti; [1765.

periments of proposals made for discovering the longitude, tbt

further sum of two thousand pounds was directed to be applied, in such manner as the commissioners for the discovery of the longitude Should think necessary, for making further experiments: and whereas the said of have, by virtue of the powers vested in them by the said several acts before-mentioned, heard and received several proposals made to them at different times for discovering the said Ion-gitudey and have accordingly certified the famey from time to time* to the of of the navy for the time beings whereupon bids have been made out for several sums of moneys amounting in the whole to six thousand pounds; all which respective sums have been paid to several persons by the treasurer of the navy, pursuant to the directions of the said acts of parliament, which the said of for dtfcovenng the longitude thought necessary for making the said experiments: and whereas, by reason of the several payments made by the treasurer of the navy to the several persons as aforesaid, the said commijfmers have, by virtue of the said acts of parliament, expended the whole of the films thereby granted for the purposes aforesaid: and whereas from the experiments winch have already been madly in pur fiance of the powers vefied in the said of as aforesaid, there is great reason to expedy thaty by continuing to encourage ingenious persons to invent and make further improvements and experiments in order to discover the said longitudiy such discoveries may at length be produced as will effectually answer that endy and thereby contribute very much to the advantage of the trade and honour of The coramif- kingdom; therefore, for enabling the said of to fioner* consti- cause such further experiments to be made as they shall think tuted by the proper for the purposes aforesaid, be it enacted by the King's recited act* most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of areimpowered fords fpiptual and temporal, and commons, in this present posal^for cHf-" Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That covering the the said of, constituted by the said several acts of longitude at parliament before mentioned for the discovery of the longitudecaJ.at sea, and for examining, trying, and judging of all proposals, of the probaxPer*ments* and improvements, relating to the same, or any bility oFany hve or more of them, shall have full power to hear and receive such proposal, any proposal or proposals that have been, or shall hereafter be they are to made to them, for discovering the said longitude at sea; and in

'feroc^wiUi Ca^e the^comm*oners* orany or more them, shall the author's ^ar satisfied of the probability of any such proposal ordif-

name, to the covery, as to think it proper to make experiment thereof, they of shall certify the same, under their hands and seals, to the com-of the navy^ mi(f10riers of the navy for the time being, together with the upoinomake Per^ns names who shall be the authors of such proposals; and out a bill for upon producing such certificate, the said of of the such sum, not navy, are hereby authorized and required to make out a bifl or bi, s for any such sum or sums T>f money, not exceeding fwo bc°thought*1 thousand pounds, as the said of for the discovery of necessary for the said longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think neccf-making the fary for making any experiments in pursuance of this act, or any experiment 5 of the soso former acts above mentioned, payable by the treasurer

i75-i Annoijuinto Georgii III. c.ia. 179

of the navy; which sum or sums the treasurer of the navy, for to be paid by the time bping, is hereby required to pay immediately to such thf treasurer person or persons as shall be appointed by the commissioners for ot 1 e uavy# the discovery of the said longitude, to make those experiments.

Out of any money that shall be in his, the said treasurer's hands, unapplied for the use of the navy.

CAP. XII.

An act for granting and applying certain stamp duties, and other duties, in the British colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, protestingj and securing the same; and for amending such parts of the several acts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the said colonies and plantations, as dire ft-the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act made in the la ft session of parliament, preamye# several duties were granted, continued, and appropriated, towards defraying the expences of defending, protestingj and securing, the British coltmiesand plantations in America: and whereas it is just and necessary, that provision be made for raising a further revenue within your Majesty's dominions in America, towards defraying the said expences: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjedb, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have therefore resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the feve-. ral rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of November, one The foltow-thousand seven hundred and sixty five, there shall be raised, le- J^e^totake vied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- place from ceflors, throughout the colonies and plantations in America and after which now are, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his 1 Nov-1765* Majesty, his heirs and successors.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or riz on all de-piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, darations, any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or o- pleas, repli-ther pleacting, or any copy thereof, in any court of law within cations, re-the British colonies and plantations in America, a stamp duty^JJJ^ of three pence. incoumof'

law, 3d. per (beet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Special bail piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, and appear, any special bail and appearance upon such bail in any such court, a stamp duty of two shillings., per (beet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or petitions, piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or print- bills, answers,

N 1 ed, claims, pleas.

Copies of petitions, bills. Sec. in the said courts, 3d. per (beet.

renunciations, See. in courts exercising ecclesiastical

180 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1765.

ed, any petition, bill, answer, claim, plea, replication, rereplications, joinder, demurrer, or other pleading in any court of chancery rejoinders, de- or eqU*, ty within the said colonies and plantations, a damn duty in courts of one shilling and six pence,

of chancery or equity, is. 6d. per sheet.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any copy of any petition, bill, answer, claim, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleading in any such court, a (lamp duty of three pence.

- For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or

Monitions, ll-.r J.1 I n rr J'.

bels answers P, ece of paper, on which mall be ingroned, written, or print-allegations,ed, any monition, libel, answer, allegation, inventory, or rein vfntories, or nunciation in ecclesiastical matters in any court of probate, court of the ordinary, or other court exercising ecclesiastical jurisdiction within the said colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of one shilling.

juri (diction,; s. per sheet.

Copies of For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or wills, moni- piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or print--tiens, &c. in ed, any copy of any will (other than the probate thereof) mo-the said nition, -libel, answer, allegation, inventory, or renunciation in per sect. ecclesiastical matters in any such court, a (lamp duty of six pence.

Donations, f0r every fkjn or piece Of vellum or parchment, or sheet or conations^n- piece Paper> on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, ftitutions're- any donation, presentation, collation, or institution of or to gitters, en- any benefice, or any writ or instrument for the like purpose, or tries, testimo- any register? entry, testimonial, or certificate of any degree cares' of de-" taken in any university, academy, college, or seminary of learn-grees, il. per ing, within the said colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of sheet. _ two pounds.

Monitions, li- jror every f]cin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or anfoe^aUe- Piece paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, gations, Yntor- any monition, libel, claim, answer, allegation, information, motions, let- letter of request, execution, renunciation, inventory, or other pleacting, in any admiralty court within the said colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of one shilling, inventories, See. in courts of admiralty, 1 s. per sheet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which any copy of any such monition, libel, claim, answer, allegation, information, letter of request, execution, renunciation, inventory, or other pleading shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, a (lamp duty of six pence.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any appeal, writ of error, writ of dower. Ad quod damnum, certiorari, Statute merchant, liatute staple, attestation, or certificate, by any officer, or exemplification of any record or proceeding in any court whatsoever within the said colonies and plantations (except appeals, writs of error, certiorari, atteila-

tiens.

ters of re quell, executions, renunciations,

Copied of any such monitions, libels, See. 6 d. per sheet.

Appeals, writs, ot error and of dower. Ad qu}d damnum, certiorari, Statute mer-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 181

tiens, certificates, and exemplifications, for or relating to the hant, Statute

removal of any proceedings from before a single justice of the ft.aPle> attdta-\ a r* ° J tiens, certifi-

peace) a stamp duty of ten shillings. cates| exem_

plifications of records or proceedings in any of the courts (except appeals, Scc. from proceedings before a single justice) 10 s. per (beet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Writs of copiece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any writ of covenant for levying of fines, writ of entry for mems\a&c.Cin suffering a common recovery, or attachment issuing out of, or any of the returnable into, any court within the said colonies and planta- said courts, tiens, a (lamp duty of five shillings. S*per sheet.

"For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Judgements, piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or print- decrees, fen-ed, any judgement decree, sentence, or dismission, or any record of Nisi Prius or Pojtea, in any court, within the said colo- cf MJi prim or nies and plantations, a (lamp duty of four shillings. Postea, in any

of the courts, s. per sheet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Affidavits, piece of (taper, on which shall ingrossed, written, or printed, ^r^ear-any affidavit, common bail or appearance, interrogatory depo- ance^ mterTO-fition, rule, order, or warrant of any court, or any Dedimus $atory depo-Potestatem, Capias, Subpoena* summons, compulsory citation, htions, rules, commission, recognizance, or any other writ, process, or man- rant^V'court date, issuing out of, or returnable into, any court, or any of- ^dimm*fice belonging thereto, or any other proceeding therein whatso- ufiatem, Capi-ever, or yiy copy thereof, or of any record not herein before*, Subpoenas* charged, within the said colonies and plantations (except war- summonses, rants relating to criminal matters, and proceedings thereon or cuTuons°ry relating thereto a stamp duty of one shilling. commissions,

recognizances. See. in any of the said courts (except warrants, See. relating to criminal matters, See.) 1 s. per sheet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Licences, ap-piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, f

any licence, appointment, or admission of any counsellor, fol- counfdlors ° licitor, attorney, advocate, or proctor, to practise in any court, follicitors, &c. or of any notary within the said colonies and plantations, a to pratf ife in stamp duty of ten pounds. per ffieet^l0l#

For every (kin or piece of vellum pr parchment, or sheet or i Bills of lad-piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or print- ing, cockcts, ed, any note or bill of lacting, which shall be signed for any kind clearances, of gooils, wares, or merchandize, to bp exported from, or any per ee.cocket or clearance granted within the said colonies and plantations, a stamp duty of four pence.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Letters of piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or print-pd, letters of mart, or commission for private ships of war, with- J^lvauTftiips in the said colonies and plantations, a stamp duty of twenty war, aos, per shillings. ffiett.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Grants, ap-piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, pointments, gny grant, appointment, or admission of or to any publick be- admissions to

N 3.neficial, Publick beue'

18. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1765.

(Jcial office*, official office or employment, for the space of one year, or any &c. of 10 j/ lesser time, of or above the value of twenty pounds per annum perann. fieriing money, insalary, fees, and perquisites, within the said

waid*?arUP" colonies and plantations, (except commissions and appointments navyriu^s, officers of the army, navy, ordnance, or militia, of judges, and justice$*and of justices of the peace) a starap duty of ten shillings. of peace excepted) xo s. per Oieet.

Grants of li- For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, pr sheet or berries, privi- piece of paper, on which any grant of any liberty, privilege, or chises °under"ranchife, under the seal of any of the said colonies or planta-the seal of any tiens, or under the seal or sign manual of any governor, proof the colo- prietor, or publick officer alope, or in conjunction with any o-nies, or sign ther person or persons, or with any council, or any council and rnaniial^cft^or assembly, or any exem plication of the same, shall be ingrossed, &cy. or auly01* written, or printed, within the said colonies and plantations,exemplifica- stamp duty of six pounds, tiens thereof, 61. per sheet.

Licences for For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or tuous ^piri' piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, ao08USpe^U0^8, any licenPe for retailing of spirituous liquors, to be granted to Ujeet. any person who shall take out the same, within the said colonies

and plantations, a stamp duty of twenty shillings.

Licences for For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or retailing wine piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, &ect' PCr l*c£nce ft* retailing of wine, to be granted to any person who shall not take out a licence for retailing of spirituous li-

Sjuors, within the said colonies and plantations, a stamp duty of our pounds.

Licences for For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Detailing wine, piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where*ali- any licence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any person beenC ranted W ta^c OUt a ^lcence for retailing of spirituous liquors^ for mailing within the said colonies and plantations, a stamp dufy of three spirituous li- pounds, quors, 31. per sheet.

Probates of For every ^c, n or P*ccc vellum or parchment, or sheet or wills, letters P^ecc of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, of administra* any probate of a will, letters of administration, or of guardian? tien, or guar- jship for any estate above the value of twenty pounds sterling moT eiTtheccmti* nc^5 within the British colonies and plantations upon the conned and the tineptof America, the islands belonging thereto, and the Bermu-i(lands of Ber- da and Bahama islands, a stamp duty of five shillings, xnuda and Bahama, 5 s. per sheet.

Probates, let- For "every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or

tersofadmi- piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed,ittration or any such probate, letters of administration or of guardianship, fno^erVrw with*n aH other parts of the British dominions in America. a of America, stamp duty of ten shillings.

10 s. per sheet.

Bonds for any For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or ccedim? foi Paper> vjrhich.shall be ingrossed, written, or printed,

gI apy

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12 183

any bond for securing the payment of any fnm of money, on the conti-not exceeding the sum of ten pounds sterling money, within the British colonics'and plantations upon the continent of America*, Bermuda and the islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Bahama, 6 d. islands, a Ramp duty of six pence. P« theet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Bond* for any piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, sum above jol. any bond for securing the payment of any (urn of money above and not ex-ten pounds, and not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds fter-

sing money, within such colonies, plantations, and islands, a said places, is* (lamp duty of one shilling per /heet. '

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Bondsfor any piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, sum above any bona for securing the payment of any sum of money above 10^ twenty pounds, and not exceeding forty pounds sterling money, within such colonies, plantations, and islands, a (lamp duty of some* places, one shilling and six pence. 1 s.*d. per

sheet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Warrants for piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any order or warrant for furyeying or setting out any quantity of any lands! net land, not exceeding one hundred acres, issued by any governor, exceeding proprietor, or any publick officer alone, or in conjunction with looacres, any other person or persons, or with any council, or any council JF* fliect# and assembly, within the British colonies and plantations in America, a (lamp duty of six pence.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Wai rants for piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, surveying or any such order or warrant for surveying or setting out any quan- setting out tity of land above one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred

acres, within the said colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of aa-es/andno one shilling. exceeding

100, i s. per sheet.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Warrants piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, for surveying any such order or warrant for surveying or setting out any quan- or setting out tity of land above two hundred, and not exceeding three hun- bove Voo dred and twenty acres, and in proportion for every such order acreVand not or warrant for surveying or setting out every other three hun- exceeding dred and twenty acres, within the said colonies and plantations, 3*ot*s. 6d. a (lamp duty of one shilling and six pence.*

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Original piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or print- grants, or ed, any original grant, or any deed, mefnc conveyance, or other instrument whatsoever, by which any quantity of land not ex- &c" o/?ands', ceeding one hundred acres shall be granted, conveyed, or assign- not exceding ed, within the British colonies and plantations upon the conti- 100 acres up-nent of America, the islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda °"Jthc0r°ntl" and Bahama islands (except leases for any term not exceeding the iQ^ds^f Ber-term of twenty one years) a (lamp duty of on^ shilling and fix muda and pence*Bahama, is.

f N4 jror6d.peraic*t.

184

Original grants, See. oi lands above 100 acres, and

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1765.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed* any such original grant, or any such deed, mesne conveyance or other instrument whatsoever by which any quantity of land a-not exceeding bove one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred acres, shall be granted, conveyed, of assigned, within such colonies, planta-se " ^ectC.S ^ons> an(l islands, a stamp duty of two shillings.

Original For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or

grants, &c. piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, of lands above any such original grant, or any such deed, mesne conveyance, not exceeding or ot^er instrument whatsoever, by which any quantity of land 310, and in g above two hundred, and not exceeding three hundred and proportion for twenty acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, and in every other proportion for every such grant, deed, mesne'conveyance, or other instrument, granting, conveying, or aligning, every other three hundred and twenty acres, within such colonies, plantations, and islands, a stamp duty of two shillings and six pence.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any such original grant, or any such deed, mesne conveyance, or other instrument whatsoever, by which any quantity of land not exceeding one hundred acres shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, within all other parts of the British dominions in America, a stamp duty of three shillings.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or grants, &c. of piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, lands above any such original grant, or any such deed, mesne conveyance, or not exceeding ot^er instrument whatsoever, by which any quantity of land a-00, within Shove one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred acres, shall the same be granted, conveyed, or assigned, within the same parts of the parts, s. per said dominions, a stamp duty of four shillings.

Original*For every ^, n or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or grants, Sec. piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, of lands a- any such original grant, or any such deed, mesne conveyance, or hove00 other instrument whatsoever, whereby any quantity of land a-aCrCS d^n nt k°ve two hundred, and not exceeding three hundred and twenty 310, ancT*in acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, and in proportion proportion for every such grant, deed, mesne conveyance, or other instru-for every o- meat, granting, conveying, or assigning, every other three hun-withm<therCS* ^rec^ anc* twenty acres, within the same parts of the said domi-said parts, 5 s. nions, a stamp duty of five shillings. pc; r (beet.

Giants, ap- For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (hpet or pointments, piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any ?rant' appointment, or admission, of or to any publick belief beneficial neficial office or employment, not herein before charged, above office, not be- the value of twenty pounds per annum sterling money in salary, fore charged, fees, and perquisites, or any exemplification of the same, wither afinon^British colonies and plantations upon the continent of Ame-vahie^or ex- the islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama amplifications islands (except commissions of officers of the army, navy, orej-

nance

320 acres, in the said places, as. fid. per street. Original grants, &c. of lands not exceeding joo acres, within all other parts of America, 3 s. per sheet. Original

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12.

nance, or militia, and of justices of the peace) a damp duty four pounds.

185.

of thereof (army, navy, and justices of the

peace, excepted) upon the continent, or islands of Bermuda and Bahama, 41. per sheet.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Gr*nts piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or print- such# ed, any such grant, appointment, or admission, of or to any Officesinany such publick beneficial office or employment, or any exempli-other parts of fication of the same, within all other parts of the British domi- America, 6 L nions in America, a stamp duty of six pounds. "cct#

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Indentures, piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or print- coned, any indenture, lease, conveyance, contrac1, stipulation, bill contra* of sale, charter party, protest, articles of apprenticeship, or cor ftipUiations, yenant (except for the hire of servants not apprentices, and also bills of sale, except such other matters as are herein before charged) within cha, ter the British colonies and plantations in America., a stamp duty of [2J*11artfclet two shillings and six pence.'of appremice-

ftiip, or covenant (except for the hire of servants, and other matters before charged) is. t d. per sheet.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Warrant for piece of paper, on which any warrant or order for auditing any auditing pub-publick accounts, beneficial warrant, order, grant, or certificate, |jencfiria?ntit under any publick seal, or under the seal or sign manual of any warrants, or-governor, proprietor, or publick officer alone, or in conjunction ders, grants, with any other person or persons, or with any council, or any certificates, council and assembly, not herein before charged, or any pass- unu^khfeal port or let-pass, surrender of office, or policy of assurance, shall £r f, gn manual be ingrossed, written, or printed, within the said colonies and of a governor, plantations (except warrants or orders for the service of the not before navy, army, ordnance, or militia, and grants of offices under c QrtPfurren" twenty pounds per annum in salary, fees, and perquisites) a ders of offic^ stamp duty of five shillings. policies of af-

furance (warrants for the navy or army, and grants of offices under 101, per annum value, excepted) 5 s. per sheet.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Notarial aft?, piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, cd#

any notarial act, bond, deed, letter of attorney, procuration, torney, °pro-poortgage, release, or other obligatory instrument, not herein be- curation, fore charged, within the said colonies and plantations, a stamp mortgage, re-duty of two shillings and three pence.

ment, not charged before, 2 s. 3 d. per sheet.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Registers, en-piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, tncf»^in- any register, entry, or inrollment of any grant, deed, or other ts"tS> of instrument whatsoever herein beforp charged, within the said deeds, &c. be-colonies and plantations, a stamp duty of three pence. fore charged.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or 3d* P*1*&cct* piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, Register*? en-any register, entry, or inrollment of any grant, deed, or other

ipftry-grants, deeds.

*86 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1765.

arnedb*fortnrument whatsoever not herein before charged, within the per ficet*said colonies and plantations, a (lamp duty of two shillings. Duties paya- And for and upon every pack of playing cards, and all dice, bie upon which shall be sold or used within the said colonies and planta-^d*nd", cc' tiens, the several stamp duties following (that is to say)

Card*, 1*. per. For every pack of such cards, the sum of one shilling, pack.

Dice, ios. per And for every pair of such dice, the sum of ten shillings.

Suties And for and upon every paper, commonly called a pamphkt9

ble upon " and upon cvcry news paper, containing publick news, intclli-pampblettand gence, or occurrences, which shall be printed, dispersed, and new* papers, made publick, within any of the said colonies and plantations, and for and upon such advertisements as are herein after mentioned, the respective duties following (that is to say)

For every such pamphlet and paper contained in half a sheet,

theet or less or an7c*er Paper> W^IC^ ftaU printed, a damp

duty of one halfpenny, for every printed copy thereof.

For every such pamphlet and paper (being larger than half a

VIZ.

On pamphlets of half a

printed copy i ---^, t*,

being larger sheet, and not exceeding one whole lheet) which shall be so

ftaot and not Pr'nted> a duty of one penny, for every printed copy

exceeding a thereof.

pbole (beet, id. for every printed copy j

being larger For every pamphlet and paper being larger than one whole &eet., and Cnot A*8* not exceeding fix (heets in cxflavo, or in a lesser page, acceding 6, or not exceeding twelve (heets in quarto, or twenty (heets in in octavo, or folio, which shall be so printed, a duty after the rate of one (hil-lunder*or not ling for every sheet of any kind of paper which shall be contain- AmsirT^ui m one printed copy thereof, to, oro (beets in folio, is. per sheet for one printed copy.

For every ad- For every advertisement to be contained in any gazette, news veitizemeqtin paper, or other paper, or any pamphlet winch shall be so print-

duty of Uiillmgs-

For every al- For every almanack or calendar, for any one particular ywr, manacte, See. or for any time less than a year, which shall be written or print-to serve for i cd on one side only of any one sheet, (kin, or piece of paper motion one Par^ment, or vellum, within the said colonies and plantations, Sdeof i sheet a stamp duty of two pence.

only, ad. For every other almanack or calendar for any one particular year, which shall be written or printed within the said colonies o&eTahna- and plantarions, a (lamp duty of four pence, nack, See. for i year, 4x3.

For every al- And for every almanack or calendar written or printed with-ynanack to in the colonies and plantations, to serve for several years, raWears, <du* duties to the same ajnount respectively shall be paid for every ties to the such year, lame amount respectively for each year.

On instru- For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or inents, pro- piece of paper, on which any instrument, proceeding, or other codings, &c. matter or thing aforesaid, shall be ingracted, written, or printed, grofled writ Wlt^n thf fa*d colonies and plantations* in any other than the

English

yGoOg

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 187

JEnglish language, a (lamp duty of double the amount of the tfe-», or Pr'nt* speiftive duties before charged thereon. otherthsm die

English language, ckroble the amount of the respective duties before charged thereon.

And there shall be also paid in the said colonies and planta- On fees paid tiens, a duty of six pence for every twenty shillings, in any sum w, th ck.rks not exceeding fifty pounds sterling money, which shall be given, notwTweding paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to any derk 50i# a duty of or apprentice, which mall be put or placed to or with any ma- 6d, for every fter or mistress to learn any profession, trade, or employment. P^d

II. Andalfoa duty of one shilling for every twenty shillings, in and I6. for toy sum exceeding fifty pounds, which shall be given, paid, every ios. in contracted, or agreed, for, with, or in relation to any such clerk,"y fuA ex-

or apprentice.

ceeding 50l.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That what shall be every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other deemed poli-minument or writing, for or relating to the payment of any sum c*8 alfir-of money, or for making any valuable consideration for or upon

she loss of any ship, vessel, goods, wages, money, effects, or up- of the act. S

on any loss by fire, or for any other loss whatsoever, or for or upon any life or lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged

to be policies of assurance, within the meaning of this act: and On what cases

if any such deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or o- the insurance

ther mihument or writing, for insuring, or tending to insure,

any more than one ship or vessel for more than any one voyage, m 01 C1

or any goods, wages, money, effects, or other matter or thing

whatsoever, for more than one voyage, or in more than one ship or

vessel, or being the property of, or belonging to, any more than

one person, or any particular number of persons in general part-

nership, or any more than one body politick or corporate, or for

more than one risque; then, in every such case, the money in-

fiired thereon, or the valuable consideration thereby agreed to be

made, shall become the absolute property of the injured, and the

insurer shall also forfeit the premium given for such insurance*

together with the sum of one hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, what shall be That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or o- deemed a ther minument or writing, between the captain or master or charter party, owner of any ship or vessel, and any merchant, trader, or other person, in respect to the freight or conveyance of any money* goods, wares, merchandizes, or effects, laden or to be laden on board of any such ship or vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter party within the meaning of this act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Books, &c. That all books and pamphlets serving chiefly for the purpose of fervingchiefly an almanack, by whatsoever name or names intituled or de- for almanacks feribed, are and shall be charged with the duty imposed by this

aft on almanacks, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or other printed papers $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to charge aforesa^ any bills of exchange, accompts, bills of pareels, bills of fees, duties not to

Of

188 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12: tl7^5

extend to bill* or any bills or notes not sealed for payment of money at fight, ot exchange, or Upon demand, or at the end of certain days of payment, ortoprobate VII. Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall ex-of wills, or tend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of administra-letters of ad- tien to the effects of any common seaman or soldier, who shall ftiiniitration, die in his Majesty's service; a certificate being produced from seamen'or1 commanding officer of t^e A^P or vessel, or troop or company soldiers dyingn which such seaman or soldier served at the time of his death, in the King's and oath, or if by a quaker a solemn affirmation, made of the service. truth thereof, before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be granted 5 which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, and for which no fee or reward shall be taken.

The extraor-

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until after dinary dudes the expiration of five years from the commencement of the said oninitru- duties, no (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or

meats, in any pjece of paper, on which any instrument, proceeding, or other th^English matter or thing shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, within the language, are colonies of Quebec or Granada, in any other than the English rot to take language, shall be liable to be charged with any higher (lamp piece withm (juty than jf the same had ingrossed, written, or printed in

§££*» <he W

g years.

Instruments

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained for granting, shall extend to charge with any duty, any deed, or other instru-&ad ment> which shall be made between any Indian nation and the

any Indian governor, proprietor of any colony, lieutenant governor, or corn-nation, are not mander in chief alone, or in conjunction with any other person or chirgeable persons, or with any council, or any council and assembly of any with duties; Gf the said colonies or plantations, for or relating to the granting, surrendering, or conveying, any lands belonging to such nation, to, for, or on behalf of his Majesty, or any such proprietor, or to any colony or plantation, nor are pro- X. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to charge ctamations, any proclamation, torms of prayer and thanksgiving, or any forms of pray- printed votes of any house of assembly in any of the said colonies an Toufefof an(* P^antat*orts> with any of the said duties on pamphlets or assembly*; 8 ° news papers; or to charge any books commonly used in any of Schoolbooks, the schools within the said colonies and plantations, or any Books of piety books containing only matters of devotion qr piety; or to AnieTdv°r* charge any Angle advertisement printed by itself, or the daily th^ments r" accounts or bills of goods imported and exported, so as such ac-printedsolely; counts or bills do contain no other matters than what have daily accounts been usually comprized therein; any thing herein contained to ot imports, the contrary notwithstanding.

an expors, ^1 Provided always, That, nothing in this act contained or certificates shall extend to charge with any of the said duties, any vellum, to receive parchment, or paper; on which shall only be engrossed, written, £untie $ntary or Pr'mted, any certificate that shall be necessary to intitle any person to receive a bounty granted by act of parliament.


1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. i#9

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The duties to That the said several duties shall be under the management of management the of, for the time being, of the duties charged on Of the com-(lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, in Great Britain: and inissioners for the said of are hereby impowered and required to theilainp employ such officers under them, for that purpose, as they shall ^reat Britain think proper; and to use such (lamps and marks, to denote the who are to 1 stamp duties hereby charged, as they shall think fit; and to appoint prorepair, renew, or alter the same, from time to time, as there per otHcers, shall be occasion; and to do all other acts, matters, and things, ^7 stanips, necessary to be done, for putting this act in execution with relation to the duties hereby charged.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. They are to That the commissioners for managing the said duties, for the appoint an time being, shall and may appoint a fit person or persons to at- °l"cef toat-tend in every court or publick office within the said colonies

and plantations, to take notice of the vellum, parchment, or lick office; to*

paper, upon which any of the matters or things hereby charg- take care of

ed with a duty shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, and of all matters rc-

the (lamps or marks thereupon, and of all other matters and

things tending to secure the said duties; and that the judges in judgCS and o*

the several courrs, and all other persons to whom it may apper- thers to affilt

tain, shall, at the request of any such officer, make such or- in securing

ders, and do such other matters and things, for the better fe-hc.lai<1

curing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully or reasonably de- commission-

fired in that behalf: and every commissioner and other officer, ers and other

before he proceeds to the execution of any part of this act, shall officers, to

take an oath in the words, or to the effect following (that is to the kyj ° v lowing oath.

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully execute the trtujl reposed in The oath.

me, pursuant to an act of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for granting certain stamp duties, and other duties, in the British colonies and plantations in America, without fraud or concealment \ and will from time to time true account make of my doing the rein, and deliver the same to such person or persons as his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall appoint to receive such account; and will take no fee, reward, or profit, for the execution or performance of the said trust, or the business relating thereto, from any person or persons, other than such as shall be allowed by his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, or by some other person or persons under him or them to that purpose authorized.

Or if any such officer shall be of the people commonly called Oath by Quakers, he shall take a solemn affirmation to the effect of the whom to be said oath; which oath or affirmation shall and may be admini- administered. ftered to any such commissioner or of by any two or more of the same of, whether they have or have not previously taken the same; and any of the said of, or any justice of the peace, within the kingdom of Great Britain, or any governor, lieutenant governor, judge, or other magistrate,

within

Anno quinto Gfiokdli Ilf. C. i2.

[176

within the said colonies or plantations* shall and may admint* fter such oath or affirmation to any subordinate officer.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, and all officers to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, in and for the better execution of their several places atfd trusts, observe such rules, methods, and orders, as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the high treasurer of Great Britain, or the of of the treasury, or any three 01* more of such of for the time being; and that thd said of for managing the stamp duties shall take e-taken that the special care, that the several parts of the said colonies and plan-1* tat*ons shall, from nmc to time, be sufficiently furnished with with ve^um? parchment, and paper, stamped or marked with the said

damps.

I9O

Commissioners and officer* under them, to observe such rules as the treasury shall prescribe them.

Care to be

Persons signing, writing, printing, or felling any thing chargable with the duties.

respective duties.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall sign, ingross, write, print, or felt, or expose to falej or cause to be signed, ingrossed, written, printed, or fold, or exposed to sale, in any of the said colonies or plantations, or in any other part of his Majesty's dominions, any matter or thing, for which the vellum, parchment, or paper, is hereby charged to pay any duty, before the same shall be marked or stamped with the marks or (lamps to be provided as aforesaid, or upon which there shall not be some (lamp or mark re-fembling the same; or shall sign, ingross, write, print, or fell, or expoie to Tale, or cause to be signed, ingrossed, written, print-

or which shall ed, or fold, or exposed to sale, any matter or thing upon any A'vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped for any lower duty than the duty by this act made payable in respect thereof; every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no matter or thing whatsoever, by this act charged with the payment of a duty, shall be pleaded or given in evidence,

nfitted°a^evi-or admitted m any court within the said colonies and planta-dencein any ^ons»to be good, useful, or available in law or equity, unless court, unless the same shall be marked or stamped, in pursuance of this act, duly stampt; with the respective duty hereby charged thereon, or with an higher duty.

But if any in-

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by strumentnothe authority aforesaid, That if any vqllum, parchment, or pa-duly stampt at per, containing any deed, instrument, or other matter or thing, the execution shall not be duly damped in pursuance of this act, at the time be Sauced1 sealing, or other execution, or the entry or in-

to a chief di- rolhnent thereof, any person interested therein, or any person on ftributor, and his or her behalf, upon producing the same to any one of the chief distributors of flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and paying to him the sum of ten pounds for every such deed, instrument, matter, or thing, and also double the amount of the duties payable in respect thereof, shall be intitled to receive from such distributor, vellum, parchment, or paper, damped pursuant to

before the same shall be duly stampt. Sec.

be stampt for a lower duty, forfeit 101.

No instru-inent charge able with a

payment made of 101. and double duties, he is to sign a certificate, and

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 191

this act, to the amount of the money so paid; a certificate be- annex the ing first written upon every such piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, expressing the name and place of abode of the person by9or on whole behalf such payment is made, the general purport of such deed, instrument, matter, or thing, the names of the parties therein, and of the witnesses (if any) thereto, and the date thereof, which certificate shall be signed by the said distributor; and the vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be then annexed to such deed, instrument, matter, or thing, by or in the presence of.

'such distributor, who shall impref9 a seal upon wax, to be affixed on the part where such annexation shall be made, in the pre- a^er^fence of a magistrate, who shall attest such signature and seal- fl, an^acting; and the deed, instrument, or other matter or thing, from mitted as evl-thenceforth shall and may, with the vellum, parchment, or pa- dence. per, so annexed, be admitted and allowed in evidence in any copies of such court whatsoever, and shal] be as valid and effectual as if the certificates, proper stamps had been impressed thereon at the time of the &c. to be signing, sealing, or other execution, or entry or inrollment there- transmitted of: and the said distributor shall, once in every six months, or oftener if required by the commissioners for managing the stamp fioncrg for*duties, send to such of true copies of all such certifi- stamps. cates, and an account of the number of pieces of vellum, parchment, and paper, so annexed, and of the respective duties impressed upon every such piece.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That if any person shall forge, counterfeit, erase, or alter, any of forging or such certificate, every such person so offending shall be guilty of altering any felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without the u dStK.

a / 1*"I ilvtfUn

benefit of clergy.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The penalty That if any person or persons shall, in the said colonies or plan- of counter/ tations, or in any other part of his Majesty's dominions, coun- feiting or terfeit or forge any seal, stamp, mark, type, device, or label, to forgingany resemble any seal, stamp, mark, type, device, or label, which shall ot 1 c

be provided or made in pursuance of this act; or shall counter- or impresseit or resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, fious thereof*, parchment, paper, cards, dice or other matter or thing, thereby

to evade the payment of any duty hereby granted; or shall make, or making.'sign, print, utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or fjf^o/inter- paper, or other matter or thing, with such counterfeit mark or \, |f any thing impression thereon, knowing such mark or impression to be with such counterfeited; then every person so offending shall be adjudged counterfeit a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without the benefit of clergy.

XX. And it is hereby declared, That upon any prosecution Counterfeit or prosecutions for such felony, the dye, tool, or other instru- stamps, See. ment made use of in counterfeiting or forging any such seal, af*fT co!^the stamp, mark, type, device, or label, together with the vellum, plartyfnto he parchment, paper, cards, dice, or other matter, or thing having destroyed in such counterfeit impression, shall, immediately after the trial or open court.

con-

ie

i gi

Penalty of inrolling, &c. any matter or thing not duly stampt, is 201.

Counsellors, or others to whom it belongs, ne-

fleeting to le or record in due time any matter for which a duty is payable, &c. forfeit 501.

Penalty of writing, &c. any matter, for which a duty is payable. on pa per, &c. whereon o ther matters, chargeable with a duty, were before written, &c. or fraudulently erasing the names, or other thing the rein, or taking off the stamp to use it for any other matter,

is 50 L

Part of all writings, &c.

Anno quint'o Georgii III. c. ti.

[1765.

conviction of the party or parties accused, be broke, defaced, or destroyed, in open court.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any register, publick officer, clerk, or other person in any court, registry, or office within any of the said colonies or plantations, shall, at any time after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty live, enter, register, or inroll, any matter or thing hereby charged with a stamp duty, unless the same shall appear to be duly stamped 5 in every such case such register, publick officer, clerk, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and fixry five, if any counsellor, clerk, officer, attorney, or other person, to whom it shall appertain, or who shall be employed or intruded, in the said colonies or plantations, to enter or file any matter or thing in respect whereof, any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, shall neglect to enter, file, or recora the same, as by law the same ought to be entered, filed, or recorded, within the space of four months after he shall have received any money for or in respect of the same, or shall have promised or undertaken so to do; or shall neglect to center, file, or record, any such matter or thing, before any subsequent, further or other proceeding, matter, or thing, in the same suit, shall be had, entered, filed, or recorded; that then every such counsellor, clerk, officer, attorney, or other person so neglecting or offending, in each of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, at any time after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall write, ingross, or print, or cause to be written, ingrossed, or printed, in the said colonies or plantations, or any other part of his said Majesty's dominions, either the whole or any part of any matter or thing whatsoever in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there shall have been before written any other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty was payable by this act; or shall fraudulently erase, or cause to be erased, the name or names of any person or persons, or any sum, date, or other thing, ingrossed, written, or printed, in such matter or thing as aforesaid; or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off, any mark or stamp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use such stamp.or mark for any other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act j that then, and so osten, and in every such case, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every matter and thing, in respect whereof any duty shall be payable in pursuance of this act, shall be ingrossed, written,

or

Anno quinto GEORGII III. c. 12.

*93

or printed, in such manner, that some part thereof shall be to be upon, or either upon, or as near as conveniently may be, to the (lamps as

or marks denoting the duty; upon pain that the person who n, ay be;

shall ingross, write, or print, or cause to be ingrossed, written, or on penalty of

printed, any such matter or thing in any other manner, shall, 5

for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, vJJ; of^flbing That every officer of each court, and every justice of the peace any writ or 5 or other person within the said colonies and plantations, who process, for shall issue any writ or process Hipon which a duty is by this act which a duty payable, shall, at the issuing thereof, set down upon such writ or

process the day and year of his issuing the same, which shall be on the writ, entered upon a remembrance, or in a book to be kept for that and an entry purpose, setting forth the abstract of such writ or process; upon ma<Jc thereof, pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every such offence. on penalty o

XXVI. And, for the better collecting and securing the duties

hereby charged on pamphlets containing more than one sheet of A r|ntej paper as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority afore- copy oAvery said, That from and after the said first day of November, one pamphlet to thousand seven hundred and sixty five, one printed copy of e- be brought very pamphlet which shall be printed or published within any ^Tchief^4 of the said colonies or plantations* shall within the space of j^butlJr fourteen days after the printing thereof, be brought to the chief 9

distributor in the colony or plantation where such pamphlet shall in order to be be printed, and the title thereof, with the number of the (heets registered, and contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, shall the duty af. be registered or entered in a book to be there kept for that pur- £ai[£mcn pose s which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer F

or officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their deputy Receipt to be or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the given for the same on such printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty some on the hereby charged on such pamphlet; and if any such pamphletcopy 5 shall be printed or published, and the duty hereby charged pamph]et thereon shall not be duly paid, and the title and number of printed or (heets shall not be registered, and a receipt for such duty given published on one copy, where required so to be, within the time herein before for that purpose limited; that then the author, printer, £d as ire and publisher, and all other persons concerned in or about the9printing or publishing of such pamphlet, shall, for every such the author, offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and shall lose all proper- printer, and ty therein, and in every other copy thereof, so as any person publisher, &c. may freely print and publish the same, paying the duty payable

in respect thereof by virtue of this act, without being liable to property in any action, prosecution, or penalty for so doing. the copy.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority pena|tyof

aforesaid, That no person whatsoever shall sell or expose to sale felling any any such pamphlet, or any news paper, without the true re- pamphlet or spedlive name or names, and place or places of abode, of some news paper known person or persons by or for whom the same was really,

and truly printed or published, shall be written or printed piacc^'abodt

Vol. XXVI. Q thereon $ of the printer

194 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1765.

or publisher, thereon; upon pain that every person offending therein shall, 10 for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

No (lamps for

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-pamphlets or said, That no officer appointed for distributing stamped vellum, newspapers parchment, or paper, in the said colonies or plantations, shall ed^TiU securi or ^e^ver any damped paper for printing any pamphlet, or ty be given'any puMick.news, intelligence, or occurrences, to be contained for paying the in one sheet, or any Idler piece of paper, unless such person duties for ad- shall give security to the said officer, for the payment of the yertisements dutjes for the advertisements which shall be printed therein or thereon' thereupon.

XXIX. And whereas it may be uncertain how many printed copies of the said printed news papers or pamphlets, to be contained in one sheet or in a lesser piece of paper, may be sold; and to the intent the duties hereby granted thereupon may not be lessened by printing a less number than may be sold, out of a fear of a loss thereby in printing more such copies than will be sold; it is hereby provided, and be it further enacted by theau-

The damps upon such news papers

as shall re main unfold, are to be can celled s

the person

examined on oath as to the truth thereof, &c.

Officer to allow a like number of

and pamphlets t^lor^ty aforesaid, That the proper officer or officers appointed - for managing the said stamp duties, shall and may canoel, or cause to be cancelled, all the (lamps upon the copies of any impression of any news paper or pamphlet contained in one sheet, or any lesser piece of paper, which shall really and truly remain unfold, and of which no profit or advantage has been made; tendering the and upon oath, or if by a quaker, upon solemn affirmation* same, being made before a justice of the peace, or other proper magistrate, that all such copies, containing the (lamps so tendered to be cancelled, are really and truly remaining unfold, and that none of the said copies have been fraudulently returned or rebought, or any profit or advantage made thereof; which oath or affirmation such magistrate is hereby authorized to administer, and to examine upon oath or affirmation into all circumstances relating to the felling or disposing of such printed copies, shall and may' deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number of other (heets, half sheets, or less pieces of paper, properly stamped with of thPfm ^amc refye(^, ve dafnps, upon payment made for such paper,

celled.C, Can" kut no duty shall be taken for the (lamps thereon; any thing hereirrcontained to the contrary notwithstanding: and the said of for managing the stamp duties for the time being are hereby impowered, from time to time, to make such rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times, for such cancelling and allowance as aforesaid, with respect to such news papers and pamphlets, as they shall, upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances, find necessary or canceliing and convenient, for the effectual securing the duties thereon, and allowance. doing justice to the persons concerned in the printing and publishing thereof.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the befdeHvered authority aforesaid, That any officer or officers employed by the by the officer dud of for managing the stamp duties, shall and may for printing deliver to any person, by or for whom any almanack or almanacks

6

Commissioners to make orders for regulating the method and times for such

1765.] Anno quintoj Georgii III. c. 12; 195

nacks shall have been printed, paper marked or stamped accord- almanacks, ing to the true intent and meaning hereof, for the printing such almanack or almanacks, upon his or her giving sufficient securi- ^duties* ty to pay the amount of the duty hereby charged thereon, within the space of three months after such delivery; and that the And he is to said officer or officers, upon bringing to him or them any num- ^cks aI- ber of the copies of such almanacks, within the space of three brought to be months from the said delivery and request to him or them in cancelled that behalf made, shall cancel all the (lamps upon such copies, within a cer-and abate to every such person so much of the money due upon tain time# such security as such cancelled (lamps shall amount to Where alma-

XXXI. Provided always, That where any almanack shall nacks contain contain more than one sheet of paper, it shall be sufficient more than

to damp only one of the (heets or pieces of paper upon whichhe <hc«t"C such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accord- on]y may be inglv. stampt.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- person8 fciiing foresaid, That from and dfter the said first day of November, one or hawking*thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in case any person or almanacks, or persons, within any of the said colonies or plantations, shall news papers, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to sale, any almanack, Sulvftampt or calendar, or any news paper, or any book, pamphlet, or pa- forfeit +0»/ per, deemed or construed to be, or serving the purpose of, an almanack or news paper, within the intention and meaning of

this act, not being stamped or marked as by this act is directed; every such person, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- SumJ gYCn said, That from and after the said first day of November, one with clerks or thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the full sum or sums of apprentices to money, or other valuable consideration received, or in any wise !* directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, or contracted, for, in cn* with, or in relation to any clerk or apprentice, within any of the said colonies or plantations, shall be truly inserted, or written in words at length, in some indenture or other writing which shall contain the covenants, articles, contracts, or agreements, relating to the service of such clerk or apprentice; and shall bear date upon the day of the signing, sealing, or other execution of the same, upon pain that every matter or mistress and bear date to or with whom, or to whose use, any sum of money, or other execution valuable consideration whatsoever, shall be given, paid, secured,

or contracted, for or in respect of any such clerk or apprentice, which shall not be truly and fully so inserted and specified in some such indenture, or other writing, shall, for evenr such offence, forfeit double the sum, or double the amount or any other va- °n forfeiture luable consideration so given, paid, agreed, secured, or con- the

trailed for; to be sued for and recovered at any time, during ai uras* the term specified in the indenture or writing for the service of such clerk or apprentice, or within one year after the determi- Indentures to nation thereof; and that all such indentures, or other writings, bjj brought ta dull be brought, within the space of three months, to the pro- the proper

O 2 per

paid, &c.

on forfeiture of double the amount.

Indentures

and the duty duly paid.

196 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12: [1765.

officer within per officer or officers, appointed by the said of for and CthT<dut'S* co^e<*nS t^ie kid duties within the respective colony or planta-to be then*t, on» a°d the duty hereby charged for the sums, or other valuable consideration inserted therein, shall be paid by the master or mistress of such clerk or apprentice to the said officer or officers, who shall give receipts for such duty on the back of such indentures or other writings; and in case the duty shall not be paid within the time before limited, such master or mistress shall forfeit double the amount of such duty.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-declared void, said. That all indentures or writings within the said colonies where the fee and plantations, relating to the service of clerks or apprentices, is not inserted, wherein shall not be truly inserted or written the full sum ctr

and the dntv r r -.

sums of money, or other valuable consideration, received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, secured, or contracted for, with, or in relation to any such clerk or apprentice, and a receipt- given for the same by the officer or officers aforesaid, or whereupon the duties payable by this act shall not be duly paid or lawfully tendered, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, within the time herein for that purpose limited, shall be void and not available in any court or place, or to any purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any master or mistress of any clerk or apprentice shall neglect to pay the said duty, within the time herein before lithe duties, ap- mjted, and any such clerk or apprentice shall in that case pay, or Such case, "up- cauk to he paid, to the amount of double the said duty, either on payment during the term of such clerkship or apprenticeship, or within of double dii- one year after the determination thereof, such master or mistress

not having then paid the said double duty although required by such clerk or apprentice so to do; then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such clerk or apprentice, within thre^ months after such payment of the said double duty, to demand of such master or mistress, or his or her executors or administrators, such sum or sums of money, or valuable consideration, as was or were paid to such master or mistress, for or in respect of such clerkship or apprentiedhip; and in case such sum or sums of money, or valuable consideration, shall not be paid within three months after such demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such clerk or apprentice, or any other person or persons on his or her behalf, to sue for and recover the same, in such manner as any penalty hereby inflicted may be sued for and recovered; and such clerks or ap-and to be dif- prentices shall, immediately after payment of such double duty, c larged. anj are hereby discharged from their clerkships or apprentice-

ships, and from all actions, penalties, forfeitures, and damages, for not serving the time for which they were respectively bound, contracted for, or agreed to serve, and shall have such and the same benefit and advantage of the time they shall respectively have continued with and served such master or mistress, as they

would

Where master, 8cc. neglect to pay

tics, &c. is in titled to recover the ap« prentice fee

l97

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12.

would have been intitled to in case such duty had been paid by such master or mistress, within the time herein before limited for that purpose.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- printed n said, That all printed indentures, or contracts for binding clerks dentures to or apprentices, after the said first day of November, one thou- have the fol-sand seven hundred and sixty five, within the said colonies and lowing notice plantations, shall have the following notice or memorandumdded there-printed under the same, or added thereto, videlicet, to*

THE indenture must bear date the day it is executed, and the The notice> money or other things given or controlled for with the clerk or apprentice, must be inserted in words at length, and the duty paid, and a receipt given on the back of the indenture, by the distributor of stamps, or his jubjlitute, within three months after the execution of such indenture, under the penalties infixed by law.

And if any printer, stationer, or other person or persons, within penaj^ of any of the said colonies or plantations, or any other part of his felling any Majesty's dominions, shall fell, or cause to be sold, any such in- such inden-denture or contract, without such notice or memorandum being J.urf> w, f.hout printed under the same, or added thereto; then, and in every added°tlce such case, such printer, stationer, or other person or persons,; 8101*

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXXVII. And, for the better securing the said duty on playing cards and dice; be it further enacted by the authority r!?*cc aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, tobe fold, or one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no playing cards or used, dice shall be sold, exposed to sale, or used in play, within the said colonies or plantations, unless the paper and thread inclosing, or which shall have inclosed, the same, shall be or shall have been respectively sealed and damped, or marked, and unless one of the cards of each pack or parcel of cards, so fold, shall be also marked or damped on the spotted or painted side thereof with such mark or marks as shall have been provided in pursuance of this act, ppon pain that every person who shall fell, or expose to sale, any such cards or dice which shall not have been so respectively sealed, marked, or damped, as hereby is respectively re- on penalty of quired, shall forfeit for every pack or parcel of cards, and every 10*one of such dice so fold or exposed to sale, the sum of ten pounds.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority afore- Penalty of said. That if any person within the said colonies or plantations, buying or fell-or any other part of his Majesty's dominions, shall fell or buy {^so^v^ade any cover or label which has before been made use of for de- use Of, denot-noting the said duty upon cards, in order to be made life of for ing Hie duty, the inclosing any pack or parcel of cards; every person so of- in order to fending shall, for every such offence, forfeit twenty pounds. cards^isYol

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho- Buyer or feller rity aforesaid, That if either the buyer or feller of any such cover informing, U or label shall inform against the other party concerned in buying indemnified a-or felling such cover or label, the party lb informing shall be ad- the

O3 rnitted"

198

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. it.

[1765.

nutted to give evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified against the said penalties.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, P Itv of That any person or persons shall fraudulently indofe any par-fraudulently cc^ or pack of playing cards in any outside paper so (baled and inclosingcards damped as aforesaid, the same having been made use of for the in a ft amp co- purpose aforesaid; then, so osten, and in every such case, every ver before person so offending in any of the particulars before-mentioned, boCl.U C °'toall, ^or ever7 °ffence» forfeit the sum of twenty jpounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers deli- That from and after the said first day of November, one thousand venng out h- hundred and sixty five, every clerk, officer, and other tailingspiritu- Person employed or concerned in granting, making out, or de-ous liquors or Hvering licences for retailing spirituous liquors or wine within wine, are to any of the said colonies or plantations, shall, and he is hereby transmit, with* required and directed, within two months after delivering any mornhT anac- l'conces» to transmit to the chief distributor of damped vel-count of the lum, parchment, and paper, a true and exact lift or account of number Code- the number of licences so delivered, in which shall be inserted livered, and the the names of the persons licensed, and the places where they parties names, respectively rcf1(Je; and if any such clerk, officer, or other person shall refuse or neglect to transmit any such lift or account to such distributor, or mall transmit a false or untrue one, then.

on forfeiture and in every such case, such clerk, officer, or other person, of 501- shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Such licences That licences for felling or uttering by retail spirituous liquors or forone vearC w*nc any ^le^colonies and plantations, shall be in

only.^force and serve for no longer jhan one year from the date of each licence respectively.

Where a per-

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by theautho-son licenced rity aforesaid, That if any person licenced to sell spirituous lu shall die or re- quors or wines, shall die or remove from the house ot place cence* shall be herein such spirituous liquors or wine shall, by virtue of such good for the licence, be sold, it shall and may be lawful for the executors, unexpired administrators, or assigns of such person so dying or removing, term thereof, who shall be possessed of such house or place, or for any occupier of such house or place, to sell spirituous liquors or wine therein during the residue of the term for which such licence shall have been granted, without any new licence to be had or obtained in that behalf; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Persons felling

XLIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, wine or (pints That if any person or persons shall fell or utter by retail, that is in a less quan- to say, irf any less quantity than one gallon at any one time, anyailon&whh- w*ne» or any l*quor called or reputed wine, or any kind

out taking out of spirituous liquors, in the said colonies or plantations, with-a licence, for- out taking out such licence yearly and every year, he, she, or fritol. they so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 199

That every person who shall retail spirituous liquors or wine Perfoiw retail-in any prison or house of correction, or any workhouse appointed or to be appointed for the reception or poor persons within a, yS p^son, any of the said colonies or plantations, shall be deemed a retail- See. are deem-er of spirituous liquors or wine within this act. retailers.

XLVI. Provided always and be it further enacted by theau- Tf T thority aforesaid, That it at any time after the said first day of niaT^made November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, there shall for licensing not be any provision made for licensing the retailers of wine or retailers, spirituous liquors, within any of the said colonics or plantations; then, and in every such case, and during such time as licences may no provision shall be made, such licences shall and may be be granted granted for the space of one year, and renewed from time to by therdbea* time by the governor or commander in chief of every such re- ive governors! spective colony or plantation.

XLVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- Persons buy. foresaid, That every person who shall at any one time buy of any at a"y

chief distribotor within any of the said colonies or plantations, cidef dhtriba-vellurn, parchment, or paper, the duties whereof shall amount tors, (lamps to to five pounds sterling money of Great Britain, or upwards, the amount of shall be allowed after the rate of four pounds per centum, upon S*-the prompt payment of the said duties to such chief distributor.

cent, on prompt payment.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commissioners said. That all publick clerksor officers within the said colonies or °?ccrV?

'. r,1 t ., 4, .«.allowed to im-

plantations, who shall from time to time have m their custody i*pe£Vtand take

any publick books, or other matters or things hereby charged notes from all

with a (lamp duty, shall, at any seasonable time or times, permit publick books

any officer or officers thereunto authorized by the said commis* J^s where

sioners for managing the stamp duties, to inspetft and view all stanip duties

such publick books, matters, and things, and to take thereout are charged,

such notes and memorandums as shall be necessary for the pur- in order to af-

pose of ascertaining or securing the said duties, without fee or the

reward; upon pain that every such clerk or other officer who a

shall refuse or neglect so to do, upon reasonable request in that on penalty of

behalf made, shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit the xol.

sum of twenty pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Treasurytofct That the high treasurer of Great Britain, or the of of annual, y the his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of such commission- 5ampsj ers, for the time being, shall once in every year at least, set the prices at which all forts of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be sold by the said of for managing the stamp duties, and their officers; and that the said of the prices so for the said duties shall cause such prices to be marked upon every set to be mark-such stein and piece of vellum and parchment, and sheet and thereon* piece paper: and if any officer or distributor to be appointed officers felling by virtue of this a£V, shall fell, or cause to be sold, any vellum, them at a parchment, or paper, for a greater or higher price or sum, thanhe price or futn so set or affixed theicjn; every such officer or 9

O4 dif-

200

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. la.

[17^5-

distributor shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Officers em- L. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ployed in raif- the several officers who shall be respectively employed in the the respe£vf ra*ling* receiving, cohering, or paying, the several duties heredities, to ex- by charged, within the said colonies and plantations, shall every hibit anatteft- twelve months, or oftner, if thereunto required by the said corned account missioners for managing the said duties, exhibit his and their lheoToftner- re^Pe<^lve account and accounts of the said several duties upon before the go- oath, or if a quaker upon affirmation, in the presence of the vernor, governor, or commander in chief, or principal judge of the colony or plantation where such officers shall be respectively resident, in such manner as the high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of such of for the time being, shall, from time to time, direct and in order that appoint, in order that the same may be immediately afterwards the same be transmitted by the said officer or officers to the of the^rnmifl/0 ^or mana6*ng^duties, to be comptrolled and audited ac-oners. " cording to the usual course and form of comptrolling and auditing the accounts of the stamp duties arising within this king-Officer refus- dom: and if any of the said officers shall neglect or refuse to ingfo to do, or exhibit any such account, or to verify the same upon oath or not duly pay- affirmation, or to transmit any such account so verified to the mone^iVhfs comm^loners for managing the said duties, in such manner, 1 and within such time, as shall be so appointed or directed; or shall neglect or refuse to pay, or cause to be paid, into the hands of the receiver general of the stamp duties in Great Britain, or to such other person or persons as the high treasurer, or of of the treasury, or any three or more of such of for the time being, shall, from time to time, nominate or appoint, the monies rTpedively raised, levied, and received, by such officers under the authority of this act, at such or diverting or l*mes> and in such manner, as they shall be respectively required misapplying by the said high treasurer, or of of the treasury; any part there* or if any such officers shall divert, detain, or misapply, ail or.any part of the said monies so by them respectively raised, Je-any Cperson w- and received, or shall knowingly return any person or Jufertor mo- persons insuper for any monies or other things duly answered, nies paid; paid, or accounted for, by such person or persons, whereby he forfeits treble or they shall sustain any damage or prejudice; in every such verted'or mif- ca^e> evei7 such °cer "*all be l*aMc to pay treble the value of applied, and all and every sum and sums of money so diverted or misapplied; treble damages and shall a!(o be liable to pay treble damages to the party griev-to the party e<^ by returning him insuper.

grieved.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Receivers ge- That the of, receiver or receivers general, or other neral of the person or persons, who shall be respectively employed in Great hibit^heir ac- Britain, in the directing, receiving, or paying, the monies arif-counts to the ing by the duties hereby granted, shall, and are hereby requir-auditors of the ed, between the tenth day of October and the fifth day of Janu-imprest, he- ary fon0Wing, and so from year to year, yearly, at those times.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 201

to exhibit their respective accounts thereof to his Majesty's au- tob.and 5 Jan* ditors of the imprest in England for the time being, or one of ^bedcclared them, to be declared before the high treasurer, or commissioners beforcthetrea-of the treasury and chancellor of the exchequer for the time fury and exbeing, according to the course of the exchequer. chequer.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioners

That if the said of for managing the said duties, or or receiver*

the said receiver or receivers general, shall neglect or refuse to general not

pay into the exchequer all or any of the said monies, in such 5^2 r J 'n 1 r n_»i the monies in-

manner as they are required by this act to pay the lame, or shall to t^e exchc-

divert or misapply any part thereof; then they, and every of quer,

them so offending, shall be liable to pay double the value of all or misapplying

and every sum and sums of money so diverted or misapplied. o^liable^to*"

pay double the value of the sums misapplied.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Coim>trolIerof That the comptroller or comptrollers for the time being of the £hc duties to duties hereby imposed, shall keep perfect and distinct accounts coun^of the in books fairly written of all the monies arising by the said du- monies arising ties; and if any such comptroller or comptrollers shall neglect thereby, on his or their duty therein, then he or they, for every such offence, Penalty of shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. 100

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Monies arif-That all the monies which shall arise by the several rates and ing by the du-duties hereby granted (except the necessary charges of raising, tJ* (charge collecting, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for cepted) the same, and the necessary charges from time to time incurred in relation to this act, and the execution thereof) shall be paid to^pajd jn-into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be enter- to the exche-ed separate and apart from all other monies, and shall be there quer apart, reserved to be from time to time disposed of by parliament, to- ?ndt[e'jve<1 wards further defraying the necessary expences of defending, fi^ionV par-protecting, and securing, the said colonies and plantations. liament, &c.

LV. And whereas, it is proper that some provision Should be made for payment of the necessary expences which have been, and shall be incurred in relation to this act, and the execution thereof; and of the orders and rules to be established under the authority of the same, before the said duties shall take effedfc, or the monies arising thereby shall be sufficient to discharge such expences; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may, and he is hereby impowered by any war- charges at-rant or warrants under his royal sign manual, at any time or tending the times before the twentieth day of Aprils one thousand seven cxeeunonof hundred and sixty six, to cause to be issued and paid out of any d^ake of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues effect, to be composing the fund commonly called The sinking fund (except paid out of the such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any sinking fund, particular use or uses, by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf) such sum and sums of money as shall be necef- at any time fary to defray the said expences; and the monies so issued, shall before 10 A-

be reimbursed, by payment into the exchequer of the like sum Pril»j66;

the fata monies 1 to be repaid

gainst ad 4 Ge

jco. 3.

202 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1765.

out of the du- or ^ums out mon*cs which shall arise by virtue of this

0 ad j which monies, upon the payment thereof into the exche-

?|uer, shall be carried to the account, and made part of the said und.

Three com-

LVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That missioners ira- all the powers and authorities by this act granted to the com-poweredtoaft. missioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, shall and may be fully and effectually carried into execution by any three or more of the said of; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

fertilities and

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, forfeitures in- That all forfeitures and penalties incurred after the twenty ninth curredafter«9 day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five. Sept. 1765, for for offences committed against an act passed in the fourth year ences a- t^c reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for grant-

ing certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; far continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an act pa (fed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second., intituled An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act) towards defraying the expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the said colonies and plantations; for explaining an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafiland trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandtstine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and feewring the trade between the same and Great Britain, and for offences committed against any other act or acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the said colonies or plantations; shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and reco-fecomcddand vered, in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in ov^ the respective colony or plantation where the offence shall be committed, or in any court of vice admiralty appointed or to be appointed, and which shall have jurisdiction within such colony, plantation, or place, (which courts of admiralty or vice admiralty are hereby respectively authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same) at the election of the informer or prosecutor.

LVIII. And it is hereby farther enacted and declared by the

granted as^u. authority aforesaid, That all sums of money granted and im-tiesand inapo- posed by this act as rates or duties, and also all sums of money iitkms, &c. to imposed as forfeitures or penalties, and all sums of money re-^C°v»fid*ed quired to be paid, and all othfer monies herein mentioned, shall singmoney^of deemed and taken to be sterling money of Great Britain, and Great Britain; shall be collected, recovered, and paid, to the amount of the value at the rate of which such nominal sums bear in Great Britain; and that such

5s.d. per oz. monies shall and may be received and taken, according to the in diver.*pr0-

where to be

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. 205

proportion and value of five shillings and six pence the ounce in Penalties and Clver, and that all the forfeitures and penalties hereby inflicted, forfeitures m and which shall be incurred, in the said colonies and plantations, anVplanta-shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any tionsarercco-court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in the respect- verable in any ive colony or plantation where the offence shall be committed, the eourt* or in any court of vice admiralty appointed or to be appointed, where the of-and which shall have jurisdiction within such colony, plantation, fence is com-or place, (which courts of admiralty or vice admiralty are here- mitted, «ec. by respectively authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same,) at the eledlipn of the informer or prosecutor; and that from and after the twenty ninth day of Septem- but ber, one thousand seven hundred and nxty five, in all cases, th/determina-where any suit or prosecution shall be commenced and deter- tionsofanyof mined for any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this act, or by the said courts, the said act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, und*r act» or by any other act of parliament relating to the trade or reve- Geo. ^may4 nues of the said colonies or plantations, in any court of admi- appeal to a 1 ralty in the respective colony or plantation where the offence vice-admiralty shall be committed, either party, who (Rail think himself ag- court* grieved by such determination, may appeal from such determination to any court of vice admiralty appointed or to be appointed, and which shall have jurisdiction within such colony, plantation, or place, (which court of vice admiralty is hereby authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine such appeal) any law, custom^or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding \ and the forfeitures and penalties hereby inflicted, which anj

shall be incurred in any other part of his Majesty's dominions, forfeitures in-shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, with full cu; redinother costs of suit, in any court of record within the kingdom, tern- parts, to be re-tory, or place, where the offence shall be committed, in such and the same manner as any debt or damage, to the a- In any court of mount of such forfeiture or penalty, can or may be sued for and record in the recovered..place,

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the forfei- Forfeitures, tures and penalties hereby inflicted shall be divided, paid, and See. in the coapplied, as follows; (that is to say) one third part of all such ionics and forfeitures and penalties recovered in the said colonies and plan- ^e p^d over° tations, shall be paid into the hands of one of the chief distri- one third to* butors of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, residing in the chief di-the colony or plantation wherein the offender shall be convidl- dributor, for ed, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; one third part of the penalties and forfeitures, so recovered, to the the governor, governor or commander in chief of such colony or plantation; and one third and the other third part thereof, to the person who shall inform to the proie-or sue for the same; and that one moiety of all such penalties arts

and forfeitures recovered in any other part of his Majesty's do- 0"e ^jety to minions, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- the King, and cessors, and the other moiety thereof, to the person who shall the other to inform or sue for the same. theproiecutoi1.

LX» And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

204 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1765.

Offences made That a^ the offences which are by this act made felony* and shall felonies, to be b committed within any part of his Majesty's dominions, shall

law where committed.

Governors to

tried in any of and may be heard, tried, and determined, before any court of the courts of law within the respective kingdom, territory, colony, or plantation, where the offence shall be committed, in such and the same manner as all other felonies can or may be heard, tried, and determined, in such court.

___, wwbmwi

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

te7womtotheThat all the present governors or commanders in chief of any due execution British colony or plantation, shall, before the said first day of of this act. November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and all

who hereafter shall be made governors or commanders in chief of the said colonies or plantations, or any of them, before their entrance into their government, shall take a solemn oath to do their utmost, that all and every the clauses contained in this present act be punctually and bona fide observed, according to Penalty on not the true intent and meaning thereof, so far as appertains unto taking such the said governors or commanders in chief respectively, under oatht the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, either for neg-

or not dif- lccting to take the said oath, or for wittingly neglecting to do charging their their duty accordingly, as are mentioned and expressed in an act duty, the same made in the seventh and eighth year of the reign of King JVII-as* exP^ed Ham the Third, intituled An off for preventing frauds, and re-Win 1.*Ittlating abuses, in the plantation trade-, and the said oath hereby

Oath by whom required to be taken, shall be adm iniftcred by such person or to be admini- persons as hath or have been, or shall be, appointed to administered. (ter the oath required to be taken by the said act made in the

seventh and eighth year of the reign of King William the Third.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, other writhi s That all records, writs, pleadings, and other proceedings in all charged^ith cour*s whatsoever, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever, hereby charged, shall be ingrossed and written in such manner as they have been uftially accustomed to be ingrossed and written, or are now ingrossed and written within the said colonies and plantations.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be sued or prosecuted, either in Great Britain or America, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such per-General issue. fan and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have Treble costs. the like remedy for the same, as defendants have in other cases by law.

the duties, to be ingrossed anil written as uiually.

I7^5-l Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 13.

205

CAP. XIII.

An act for tmpowering the commissioners for putting in execution the several acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent, to collect certain tolls on Sundays, upon the several roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the purposes of the said acts.

WHEREAS was made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for paving, cleansing, ream* and lighting, the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster \ the parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the parish of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in the county of Middlesexi the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein, and for other purposes therein mentioned: and whereas an act was made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said former act: and whereas an act was made the last session of parliament, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said two former acts: and whereas great progress has been made in executing and performing the several powers and authorities in the said acts contained; but for want of a sufficient fund the same cannot be completed: wherefore, and to the end and intent that so useful an undertaking may be effectually carried into execution, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, fcfr.

A street toll to be paid at the several turnpikes here mentioned, before any cattle or carriage shall be permitted to pass. The tolls. The said tolls to be taken above and exclusive of all other tolls. Tolls veiled in of Tolls to be levied by distress and sale. Distress may be (old after days. Commissioners may erefl turnpikes, See. Turnpikes, Sec, vested in the of Tolls may be collected at the turnpikes already erected. Tolls to be paid but once a day. Commissioners may leaie,

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

&c. the tolls. Commissioners may appoint officers. Officers to account upon oath. Officers refusing to account, justices to inquire into the default, and commit the offender, until payment or composit; an be made. Commissioners to allowofficers salaries. Penalty on forcibly paflingthrough the gates, &c. or giving or receiving tickets. Sec, to avoid payment of the tolls. Tolls may be assigned for money borrowed. Assignments to be entered in a book. Assignments may be transferred. Entries of all assignments to be made. All creditors deemed equal in degree.Commencement and continuance of the tolls. Charges of passing this act to be first paid. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefliofi. Notice of appeal to be given. Recognizance to be entered into. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removeable by Certiorari. Writings to be without (lamps. Limitation of actions.

206

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 14; [1765.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the more effectual preservation fish in fish ponds and other $ waters, omf conies in warrens \ and for preventing the damage done to sea banks, within the county of Lincoln, by the breeding conies therein.

[Preamble.]

\KT WHEREAS the several laws in being for the preservation of the fish in rivers, ponds, pools, moats, fews, and other waters, are by experience found to be ineffectual to aeter divers loose, idle, and disorderly persons, from jlealing, taking away, or defraying, the pjh therein bred and preserved; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-After 1 June, nty of the same, That in case any person or persons from and7651 persons after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and six-convicted, ty five, shall enter into any park or paddock fenced in and in-months after c ^ec*> or into any garden, orchard, pr yard, adjoining or be-the^ffeneefof longing to any dwelling-house, in or through which park or dealing or de- paddock, garden, orchard, or yard, any river or dream of water stroying fish in shall run or be, or wherein shall beany river, dream, pond, fish ponds, &c. pQ0\y moat, dew, or other water, and by any ways, means, or device whatsoever, shall deal, take, kill, or destroy, any fish bred, kept, or preserved, in any such river or dream, pond, pool, moat, dew, or other water aforesaid, without the consent or aiding or of the owner or owners thereof; or shall be aiding or afliding assisting the re- in the dealing, taking, killing, or destroying, any such fish as ln>.aforesaid; or shall receive or buy any such fish knowing the same recei"inc'cM* to be ien or taken as aforesaid; and being thereof indicted buying such within six calendar months next after such offence or offences fishi shall have been committed, before any judge or judices of goal

delivery for the county wherein such park or paddock, garden, orchard, or yard, shall be, and shall on such indictment be, by verdict, or his or their own confession or consessions, con-ported for*7 of any such offence or offences as aforesaid; the person

years. or persons so convicted shall be transported for seven years.

II. And, for the more easy and speedy apprehending and conviding of such person or persons as shall be guilty of any of the offences before-mentioned, be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall,

malcin a dif- at any time a^ter^ 3une' commit or be guilty

eoveryof, and of any such offence or offences as are herein before mentioned, convidingvhis and shall surrender himself to any one of his Majesty's justices accomplices, is of the peace in and for the county where such offence or offences in titled to shall |iave been committed; or, being apprehended and taken,

or in custody for such offence or offences, or on any other account, and shall voluntarily make a full confession thereof, and a true discovery, upon oath, of the person or persons who was or were his accomplice or accomplices in any of the said offences,

so

pardon.

1765 1 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 14.

207

so as such accomplice or accomplices may be apprehended and taken, and shall, on trial of such accomplice or accomplices, give such evidence of such offence or offences, as shall be sufficient to convict such accomplice or accomplices thereof 5 such person making such confession and discovery, and giving such evidence as aforesaid, shall, by virtue of this act, be pardoned, acquitted, and discharged of and from the offence or offences so tw him confessed as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons con-in case any person or persons shall, after the said first day of June, deftr k -

take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy, any fuh, in any river or stream, pond, pool, or other water (not being in any in nveis or park or paddock, or in any garden, orchard, or yard, adjoining or other watert, belonging to any dwelling house, but shall be in any other inclosed ground which shall be private property} every such person, being lawfully convicted thereof by the oath of one or more credible wit- for^.-lt to the ness Qr witnesses, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, wher of the the sum of five pounds, to the owner or owners of the fishery fishery 5l. of such river or stream of water, or of such pond, pool, moat, or other water: and it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county, di- ^0^0? vision, riding, or place, where such last mentioned offence or j^ice tolrthie offences shall be commited, upon complaint made to him or his warrant them, upon oath, against any person or persons, for any such for appre-last mentioned offence or offences, to issue his or their warrant or warrants to bring the person or persons so complained of, be-0 cn cr> fore him or them; and, if the person or persons lb complained of shall be convicted of any of the said offences last mentioned, before such justice or justices, or any other of his Majesty's justices of the same county, di vision, riding or place aforesaid, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath such justice or justices are hereby authorized to administer, or by his or their own confession; then, and in such case , the party foconvidt- and the penal-ed shall, immediately after such conviction, pay the said penalty of tv to be paid five pounds, hereby before imposed for the offence or offences "OWI? "P°n aforesaid, to such justice or justices before whom he shall be so other^fethe convicted, for the use of such person or persons as the same is offender to be hereby appointed to be forfeited and paid unto; and, in default committed to thereof, shall be committed by such justice or justices to thethe^fc°f house of correction, for any time not exceeding six months, un- n for

less the money forfeited shall be sooner paid. 1

IV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful or an action to and for such owner or owners of the fishery of such river or j"ay bf dream of water, or of such pond, pool, or other water, where- the Upcnalty in in any such offence or offences last mentioned shall be committed any of the as aforesaid, to sue and prosecute for, and recover the said sum courts at of five pounds, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, Westminster, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and in such action or suit, no essoin, wager of law, or more than one within 6 imparlance shall be allowed $ provided that such action or suit be months after brought, or commenced, within six calendar months next after the offence; such offence or offences shall have been committed.

V. PrO-

208 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 14. [1765.

None liable to V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho* r'ry a^orc^a^> That nothing in this act shall extend, or be con-river, &c!any strue(Jto extend, to subject or make liableany person or persons wherein they to the penalties of this act, who shall fish, take, or kill, and have a right, carry away any fish, in any river or stream of water, pond, pool, or other water, wherein such person or persons shall have a just right or claim to take, kill, or carry away any such fish.

VI. And whereas there are many thousand acres of land in this kingdom altogether unfit for cultivation, and yet the same are capable of rendering great profit, by the breeding and maintaining conies, as well to the owners of such lands, as to a multitude of industrious manufacturers, who gain their livelihood by working up coney wool: and whereas a great part of the said land is already used as warrens, in the breeding and maintaining conies, but, because divers disorderly persons, neglecting their own lawful trades, have betaken themselves to the taking, killing, and dealing of conies, in the night-time, whereby the owners and occupiers of such warrens are greatly discouraged, and many such owners and occupiers have been induced to destroy such warrens, and others have been deterred from flocking other lands, to the great prejudice of the manufactures of this kingdom: and whereas the provisions already subsisting have, by experience, been found insufficient for the effectual preservation of of conies in warrens: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, Persons con- That if any person or persons shall, from and after the viftedofenter- first day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, ing warrens, wilfully and wrongfully, in the night-time, enter into any war-time^ncf tak ren or Srounc's lawfully used or kept for the breeding or keeping ingo'r^killing coniesi although the same be not inclosed, and shall then conies there, and there wilfully and wrongfully take or kill, in the night-time, any coney or conies, against the will of the owner or occupier or aiding or thereof, or shall be aiding and assisting the rein, and shall be con-assisting the re- vifted of the same before any of his Majesty's justices of oyer, n* and terminer, or general gaol delivery, for the county where

such offence or offences shall be committed; every such person maybe pumfh- ancj persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted portation1"n manner aforesaid, shall and may be transported for the space or by Whip- of seven years, or suffer such other lesser punishment by whipping, fine, or ping, fine, or imprisonment, as the court, before whom such imprisonment. person or ersons shall be tried, shall, in their discretion, award, and direct.

Persons con-

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person

aaCnoHiablewho conv*<^ec^ of any offence against this act, shall be

to be convict-liable to be convicted for any such offence under any former act cd under any or acts, law or laws, now in force.

former act.

VIII. And whereas great mischief and damage has been, and still may be, occasioned by the increase of conies upon the sea and river banks in the county of Lincoln, or upon the land or This act not groun<* Within a certain distance from the said banks: for reme-to extend to thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no-the destroying thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 15. 209

tend, to prevent any person or persons from killing and destroy- conies, in the ing, or from taking and carrying away, in the day-time, any co- and*

nies that shall be found on any sea or river banks, erested, or to rjveerebanks be erested, for the preservation of the adjoining lands from being the county of overflowed by the sea or river waters, so far as the flux and reflux Lincoln, Sce. of the tide does or shall extend, or upon any land or ground within one furlong distance of such sea or river banks; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, to enter upon any such banks, land, or ground, as aforesaid, within the said county of Lincoln, and to kill, destroy, take, and carry away, in the day-time, to his or their own use, any conies so found upon any such banks, land, or ground, as aforesaid, within the said county, he or they doing as little damage as may be to the owner or tenant of such banks, land, or ground; any thing in this or any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That no person or persons shall be obliged Nosatisfactioa to make satisfaction for any damages that may be occasioned by to be made for such entry, unless such damages shall exceed the sum of one *jP*S*8 °cc* flailing. entry, unless

CAP. XV. they exceed

An act for enlarging the times UtHited for executing and per-, 8' forming several provisions, powers, and directions, in certain acts of this session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by certain acts of this present session of parliament\ several provisions, powers, and authorities, therein contained, have been or may be required, directed, or authorized, to be executed on or before the day of the pq/sing of such acts respectively y whereby several doubts and difficulties may arise with respect to the execution of the said acts, and the good purposes thereby intended may be deseated: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent °fj^er« the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thisa\iy^rovisions present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, or powers, in That in case any act of parliament hath parted, or doth or shall any act of this

!>afs, at any time whatsoever during this present session of par- {balfbe direct-iament, whereby any provision, power, or authority* or any e<jat0^exe-" matter or thing, hath been, is, or shall be, directed, required, or Cuted on or authorized, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before before the day any day which hath been, is, or shall be, the day of the parting, or which hath, is, or shall have elapsed before the parting of anyr wiftChP^all such act respectively; in each and every such case, all such pro- have elapsed visions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, as have been, before the are, or shall be, directed or required to be executed, done, or P^iin& ^uch performed, on or before the days respectively limited in every fUChprdvision# such act, shall be, and are hereby directed and required to be and powers executed, done, and performed, on or before the day fortnight may beexe-next after the end of this present session of parliament, by the b^?e°he°da persons respectively who, in every such act respectively, have fortnfgh^next been, are, or shall be, directed or required to execute, do, or after the end Vol XXVI. P per-of this session.

Preamble, reciting clauses in

Act 33 Geo. a,

aft 2 Geo. 3

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 16. [1765.

perform the same, on or before the days therein limited: and all such provisions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, as have been, are, or shall be, authorized to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the respective days limited in every such act respectively, may be, and are hereby authorized to be, executed, done, and performed, on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this present session of parliament, by the persons respectively who have been, are, or shall be, authorized to execute, do, or perform the same: and all such provisions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, so executed, done, and performed, on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this present session of parliament, shall be as valid and effectual, and be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been executed, done, and performed, on or before the days limited in every such act respectively; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An act for altering the times of payment of certain annuities, established by two acts made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty.

WHEREAS several annuities after the rate oj four pounds per centum, for certain terms of years, and, after the expiration thereof at three pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament* were eflabl'ished by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several duties upon malt; and for raising the sum of eight millions, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the guaging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft* burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and several other annuities after the like rate of four pounds per centum, for a certain term of years* and, after the expiration thereof* in like manner, at three pounds per centum, were established by an act made in the second year of the'reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for raising by annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the sum of twelve millions, to be charged on the sinking fund; and for applying the surplus of certain duties on spirituous liquors, and also the monies arising from the duties on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of this session of parliament; all which said annuities were9 by the said act, made payable half-yearly on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January, in every year, and were, by the said last mentioned act, consolidated, and made one joint stock of annuities for the principal sum of twenty millions two hundred and forty thousand pounds: and whereas it is expedient that the times appointed by the said acts, for the payment of the said annuitiesshould* with the consent of the proprietors thereof be altered; may it therefore please

your

21 I

'*765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 17.

your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the payment of the said annuities for the half year which shall become due on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the subsequent payments thereof shall, with the consent of the proprietors, be made in manner following; that is to say, one quarterly payment of such annuities shall be made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and from and after the said tenth day of October, such annuities shall be paid and payable half-yearly, on the fifth day of Aprils and the tenth day of October, in every year, until redemption thereof by parliament, in the manner authorized by the said acts.

of the proprietors, are to be made, i quarter on 10 Oct. 1765, and from wards halt yearly, on 5 April and 10 Oct. yearly.

Times of payment of the annuities granted by the recited acts to be changed, vifc.

After payment of the half year due on J July, 1765, the subsequent pa> ments, with consent thence for-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Proprietors

That such proprietors of the said annuities who shall not, on or not entering before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and by*

sixty five, signify their dissent to the said alteration of the times, June, 1765, for the payment of the said annuities, in books to be opened at deemed to af-the bank of England for that purpose, shall be deemed opid taken f°t.

to assent thereto; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That all the provisions, powers, All other pro-and directions, in the said acts, relative to the payment of the visions, rela-said annuities at the times therein mentioned, shall take effect, tive to the operate, and be executed, with respect to the payment of the said fikUn-annuities on the days hereby appointed, as fully and effectually nuities, to be as if the lame were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to in force.

the payments to be made by the authority of this act.

CAP. XVII.

An act to confirm all leases already made by archbishops and bishops^ and other ecclesiastical persons, of tythes and other incorporeal hereditaments, for one, two, or three life or lives, or twenty one years\ and to enable them to grant such leases, and to bring aftiom of debt for recovery of rents reserved and in arrear on leases for life or lives.

WHEREAS it may be doubtful whether, by the laws now in

[Preamble.]

being, archbishops or bishops, master and fellows, or any other head and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, mqfters and guardians of hospitals, or any other person or persons having any spiritual or ecclesiastical promotions, heretofore bad, or now have, any power to make or grant any lease or leases of tythes, or other incorporeal hereditaments only, which lie in grant and not in livery, for one, two, or three lives, or for any term or terms, of years not exceeding twenty one years, although the ancient relit, or yearly sum is thereby mentioned to be reserved, and all other requi-, P a dies

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 17. [1765.

fetes prescribedby the acts of parliament now in being to that end, of any of them, were or are jufely and truly observed and performed, by reason that there is generally no place wherein a diferejs can be had or taken for such relit or yearly sum; and it may be also doubtful whether, in cases of such leases for life or lives, there is any remedy in law for such ecclesiastical or other persons by action of debt or otherwise, for recovering the relit or yearly sum due and arrear which is mentioned to be reserved on such leases for life or lives: therefore for obviating all doubts touching the same, and enabling the said archbishops and bishops, masters and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, masters and guardians of hospitals, and other eccle-(iastical persons, to make valid leases of such their incorporeal* hereditaments, and to recover the rents or yearly sum mentioned

to be reserved on any leases by them already granted, or to be granted, for one, two, or three lives, as aforesaid; and also to make good and effectual all such leases as hare already been.granted by them, or any of them: may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament JLeafes aheady assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all leases made, or that for one, two, or three life or lives, or any term not exceeding shall be made, twenty one years, already made and granted, or which shall at

calwfons of any time ^rom an^ a^ter Pa^nS a<^ ma(^e or granted, tythes ando- of any tythes, tolls, or other incorporeal hereditaments, solely, ther incorpo- and without any lands or corporeal hereditaments, by any arch-real heredka- bishop or bishop, master and fellows, or other head and mem-wMires*or1"' ^ers C0^eSes or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, pre-yearsdeclared bendaries, masters and guardians of hospitals, and every other to be good in person and persons who are enabled by the several Statutes now law* in being, or any of them, to make any lease or leases for oney

two, or three life or lives, or any term or number of years not exceeding twenty one years, of any lands, tenements, or other corporeal hereditaments, shall be, and are hereby deemed and declared to be, as good and effectual in law against such arch-bishop, bishop, masters and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, masters and guardians of hospitals, and other persons so granting the same, and their successors, and every of them, to all intents and purposes, as any lease or leases already made or to be made by any such archbishop or bishop, master and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, masters and guardians of hospitals, and other persons having spiritual promotion, of any sthofecrant-an^s or other corporeal hereditaments now are, by virtue of the ed by virtue of Statute of the thirty second year of King Henry the Eighth, or 3* Hen. 8. any other Statute now in being; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Masters and

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex-fellows of tend, or be construed to extend, to enable any master and fellows,

6

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 1^. a 13

lows, or other head and members of colleges or halls, deans colleges, &c. and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, masters and guardians from

of hospitals, or other ecclesiastical persons as aforesaid, to grant liafesTor any leases for any longer or other terms than, by the local Statutes longer term of their several foundations, they are now respectively enabled thanh«r ila-todo. tutes allow.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Actions may aforesaid, That in case the relit or rents, or yearly sum or sums, be brought for reserved or made payable in or by any lease or leases already recovery of made, or to be made, by any archbishop or bishop, master and a^inarrear fellows, or other head and members of colleges or hails, deans on jcafe8 for and chapters, precentors, prebendaries, masters and guardians life or lives, of hospitals, and every other person or persons so enabled to make leases as aforesaid for one, two, or three life or lives, or'years, in pursuance of the several acts of parliament already in being, or by this present act, or any part thereof, shall be be- hind or unpaid by the space of twenty eight days next or over after any of the days whereon the same, by such lease or leases, now are or hereafter shall or may be reserved and made payable; then, and so osten, and from time to time, as it shall so happen; it shall and may be lawful for such archbishop or bishop, master and fellows, or other head and members of colleges or halls, deans and chapters, prebendaries, precentors, masters and guardians of hospitals, and other persons so making or granting, or having made or granted, such leases as aforesaid, or their executors, administrators, and successors respectively, to bring an action or actions of debt against any lessee or lessees, to whom any such lease or leases for life or lives, or years, now are or hereafter shall be made and granted, his, her or their heirs, executors, administrators, or alsigns, for recovering the relit or rents which shall be then due and in arrear to any such archbishop or bishops, masters and fellows, or other heads and members of colleges or halls, deans, chapters, precentors, prebendaries, master and guardians of hospitals, and other person or persons before mentioned, his or their executors, administrators, or successors, in such and the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as any landlord or leflor, or other person or persons, could or might do for recovering of arrears of relit due on any lease or leases for life or lives, or years, by the laws now in being; any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Publick act.]

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken

to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, in all courts of law and equity without specially pleading the same.

P3

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 18, 19. [1765.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for continuing an act, made in the thirty first year of his late MajeJlf s reign, for encouraging the growth and cultivation of madder in that fart of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the tythe thereof

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act made in the thirty first year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to encourage the growth and cultivation of madder in that part of Great Britain called England\ by ascertaining the tythe thereof, ivas to continue in force from the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, for the space of fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas the cultivation of madder, from the Petting to, its being fit for use, requires so long a time, and the buildings, mills, and other requisites necessary to be provided and maintained for manufacturing it, are so expensive, that many people may be unwilling to begin the culture of it during the fubfifiing term of the said act: and whereas the price of foreign madder is of late greatly raised, and the same does not come into the consumers hands Jo good as it may be manufac- tured here > be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-The recited bled, and by the authority of the faipe. That the said act shall for further anc* ^leames hereby declared to be, further continued from term of 14 the expiration thereof, for and during the further term of four-years. teen years, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An act for rdifing a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

Preamble.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have re-» lolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords (Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be Iavyful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or 1766^0 direct the high treasurer for the time being, at any time or times before the receiving the fifth Jay of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, ingbiils 'at° cauk or direct any loans to be taken or received at his Maje-8*' »* fly's

Treasury impowered, at any time before 5 Jan.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 19; 215

fly's exchequer, from any person or persons, natives or foreign- the excheers, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum or Turns of mo- J, oT exceeding ney not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the in the whole6 whole, the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, in the same 8oo, ooool. or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or nc^as iT^e-like rules and directions, as in and by an act of this present fef- foitedbyrC- fion of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting malt act of to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for this session. the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, are enacted and prescribed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, clauses That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, &c. in the said advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in act to extend the said last mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequerto

bills authorized to be made by the same act, except such clauses authorized as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and to be received (except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for and made out. the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Exchequer thority aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out bills so issued, by virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been if- no} to be re-sued at the exchequer, be afterwards at any time before the

sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, of the publick received or taken, or pass or be current to any receiver or collector taxes, before in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, 6 April, 17661 aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise, or on any other account, than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the fameunlefsthe shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth same ^lll* day of April; nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange," at any time before the said sixth day of April, for any money off0i the fcidf such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any ex-day. chequer bill or bills, which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector, for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money before the said sixth day of April; any thing in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum> cyder, and perry, for


216

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1765.

the fervid of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty fivey or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The loans and

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, terest^at ^at l°ans or exchequer bills, together with the inter-

tending, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the

charged on same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, the next aids, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of, the first aids or sup-or on the fink piies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament 5 rufsufficient anc*n ca^e ^uc*cnt or supplies for that purpose shall not aid shall be be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun-

granted before dred and sixty six, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with 5 July>76^. the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of July9 shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The sinking fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

Monies issued.V; frofSJed and* bI the authority a-

out of the foresaid, That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said

sinking fund surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues com-to be replaced posing the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced supptics ^y anc* out of the first supplies to be then after granted

in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

3ank of Eng-

VI. And beJt declared and further enacted by the authority landautboriz- aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful for the governor and ed to advance company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his the^redi^of Majestyn like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon loan hereby the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of mo-granted, not- ney not exceeding, in the whole, the sum of eight hundred thou-with*?n(?in£ sand Pounds; any thing in an act made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for granting to their Majesties several rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale> and other liquors, for feeuring certain recompences and advantages, in the said act y to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the wan against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

ace 5 a o

W. & M.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 20.

217

CAP. XX.

An act for explaining and rendering more effectual two acts, me made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea; and the other in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to render more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queer! Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude-, and to enlarge the number of commissioners for putting in execution the said act.

WHEREAS by two several acts made, the one in the twelfth Preamble, re-year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, riting clauses An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons 1* Ann.

as shall discover the longitude at sea; and the other in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to render more effectual an act made in the16 Gco*&c# twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for fitch person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude; and to enlarge the number of of for putting in execution the said act; the of named in, and constituted by the said acts, were impowered to receive proposals for discovering the said longitude, and make experiments of the same: and whereas by the said act of the twelfth of Queen Anne, it was enacted, That the first author or authors, diseoverer or discoverers, of a proper method for finding the said longitude within certain difiances, Should be intitled to and receive certain rewards therein mentioned; that is to say, a reward or [urn of ten thousand pounds, if it determines the said longitude to one degree of a great circle, or sixty geographical miles; fifteen thousand pounds, if it determines tie same to two thirds of that di-fiance; and twenty thousand pounds if it determines the same to one half the same difiance: and whereas in and by the said act it was further enacted, That if upon trials any proposal for discovering the said longitude Should not prove to be of so great use as before mentioned, yet if the same, in the judgement of the said of, or the major part of them, Should be found of considerable use to the publick, then the said author or authors of such proposal Should receive such less reward as the said of, or the major part of them,

Should think reasonable: and whereas the said of have, from time to time, in pursuance of the powers vefied in them by the said at1, received proposals from Mr. John Harrison for discovering the said longitude, by means of certain machines or time keepers

<in-

2l8

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 20: [1765.

invented by him, and have directed several sums of money to be paid to the said John Harrison to enable him to finish his said machines or time keepers, or some of them, upon condition of his delivering the same up to and for the use of the publift: and whereas the said John Harrison did, by direction of the said of, enter into articles with the of of the navy, whereby he agreed, in consideration of the sums so advanced to him, to deliver up the three several machines or time keepers in the said articles mentioned: and whereas, upon trial of one other watch machine or time keeper in a voyage to Jamaica, the major part of the said of did adjudge the same to be of lonftderable use to the publick, and did accordingly order the payment of the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds to the said John Harrison, which sum was to be deemed and taken as part of such of the rewards, in and by the said act allowed for discovering the said longitude, as he might become intitled to, and as such has been by him received; and the said watch or time keeper was to become the property of the publick: and whereas upon a further trial of the said last mentioned watch or time keeper, a ship has failed, by the appointment of the commissioners for the discovery of the longitude, from Portsmouth in Great Britain, to Bridgetown in the island of Barbadoes in the West Indies; and whereas by means of the said watch or time keeper invented by Mr. John Harrison, the said ship did not lose it's longitude beyond ten geographical miles: and whereas the method for finding the longitude at fca, within half a degree of a great circle, or thirty geographical miles, by means of the said watch or time keeper invented by the said John Harrison, may be made generally practicable, and of general utility, if the principles upon which the said watch or time keeper is confirufted are fully discovered and explained, and other watches or time keepers of the same kind can be made; but doubts may arise, whether, by the words of the said act of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the said of can dir eft the payment of the said reward of twenty thousand pounds to the said John Harrison, upon a discovery of the principles of the said watch or time keeper, and upon other watches or time keepers of the same kind being made: and whereas great progress has been made to-words discovering the longitude at fca by a set of lunar tables con-firufted by Tobias Mayer deceased, late professor at Goetingen in Germany, upon the principles of gravitation laid down by Sir Isaac Newton; in the construction of which tables he was considerably assisted from theorems furnished by professor Euler of the university of Berlin; and whereas the said tables are of considerable use to the publick, and may be further improved, and made of more general utility: and whereas the widow, or other representatives of the said professor Mayer, are, within the intention of the said act, deserving of a publick reward, upon her or their assigning the property of the said tables to the said of for the use of the publick; and the said professor Euler is atfi deserving of an honorary and pecuniary acknowledgment for his useful and ingenious labours towards the discovery of the longitude: and whereas it is necessary that the pow<rt of the said act of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, and also of the fad act of the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, Jbeuld

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 20. 219

be explained and made effectual, as well for receiving the discovery and explanation of the principles upon which the said watch or time keeper is conf rutted, and for making trial of other watches or time keepers to be made in consequence thereof and for paying the said reward to the said John Harrison, his executors, administrators, or assigns, as for giving proper rewards to the said professor Euler, and to the widow or representatives of the said professor Mayer, and to such person or persons as shall improve the said tables of the moon, and make the same of more general utility; and also to such person or persons as shall make other discoveries or improvements useful to navigation: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's rood excellent majesty, 1 'awe* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and }^t '

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, to Mr. John and by the authority of the same, That one moiety of the Harrison, dut-greatest reward which is directed in and by the said act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, to be paid to the first author or authors, discoverer or discoverers, of a proper me- upon hisdif-thod for finding the said longitude at sea, shall be paid to the said covering the John Harrison his executors, administrators, or assigns, when principle* of and so soon as the principles upon which his said watch or time keeper is constructed are fully discovered, and explained to the assigning the satisfaction of the said of for the discovery of the property of j longitude, or the major part of them; and when and so soon as of tnofeia-the said John Harrison hath assigned to the said of, she for the use of the publick, the property of the three several tioned watch, time keepers which, in and by the said articles, he agreed to de- for the use of liver up, and also the property of the said last mentioned watch e publicki or time keeper, deducing from and out of the said moiety, so to s^> i! afrea-be paid to the said John Harrison, his executors, administrators, dy advanced or assigns, the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds already him $ advanced and paid to him; and that the other moiety of the oth.c^.said greatest reward mentioned in the said act shall, when and so pai^hetTthe soon as other time keepers of the same kind shall be made, and other time shall, upon trial, be found to be of a sufficient correctness to de- keepers are termine the said longitude within half a degree of a great circle, or thirty geographical miles, to the satisfaction of the said com- offuificient missioners, or the major part of them, be paid to the said John correctneis. Harrison, his executors, administrators, or assigns. Discovery of

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore - the principle*

said, That the said Matter John Harrison shall not be intided, wl?ich the by virtue of any thing contained in this act, to the said reward, iJ^niWufted or any part thereof, unless the discovery and explanation of the to be made principles upon which his said time keeper is construsted, shall be within 6 made within six months after the passing of this act. month*.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, \opr<£ That a reward or sum of money, not exceeding three hundred feflor Euler, pounds in the whole, shall be paid to the said professor Euler. and 30001. to

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the widow of That a reward or sum of money, not exceeding three thousand professor pounds in the whole, shall be paid to the widow or other repre- afngmng'tK11

fentativesproperty of

120 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 20^ [1765.

the latest MS fentatives of the said professor Moyer upon her or their assigning

coni^u6tedSb^ProPerty ^et ^ate^ manuscript lunar tables, coo-him. U C y strudted by the said Tobias Mayer, to the said of, to and for the use of the publick.

5, 0001. pro- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

posed to any That any reward or rewards, sum or sums of irioney not ex-who shall im- ceeding in the whole the sum of five thousand pounds, shall tables^ ° M an<* may^Pa^ to person or persons, as (hah improve the or shall make said tables of the moon; or that shall make any discovery or any discovery discoveries, improvement or improvements, useful to navigation; or improve- which said reward or rewards, sum or sums of money, shall and

to^navk-ation. may Pa*d person or persons, and in such proportion

' or proportions, as the said of shall, from time to time, think proper and direct.

Clanses, &c. in

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ann* and »6 That a^ clauses, powers, authorities, matters, and things. Geo. con-contained in any or either of the said two acts, made in the tinued in twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the twenty force, where sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, not altered Ud8 ad?*1*is ad, shall continue in full force, and extend, and be construed to extend, to this act, as fully and amply as if again Rewards, by repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; and this act grant- that all and every the reward or rewards, sum or sums of mo-^ed°bvCthe ney> ^1S a<^ Srantec* anc* allowed, shall, from time to time, of ke certified under the hands and feais of the said of for the longi- for the discovery of the longitude, to the of of the tudetothe navy for the time being; and the of of the navy of for the t; me being shall make out a bill or bills for the sum or who are^o*ums contained in the said certificate or certificates, payable by make out bills the treasurer of the navy; and such sum or sums of money the for the same, said treasurer of the navy is hereby required to pay immediately, jW^kk ky the tQ the person or persons mentioned in the said certificate or certificates, out of any money that shall be in his hands unapplied for the use of the navy, in such and the same manner, and ac-outoftheun- cording to the same rules and directions as are prescribed in and applied money by the said two recited a ds, or either of them, with regard to in his hands. any reward or rewards, sum or sums of money, allowed to be Where any give^ and paid m and by said ac^s or either of them, reward ex-

VII. Provided always, That all and every such reward or sum ceeds 1,000l. of money that shall exceed the sum of one thousand pounds,*s to^cer-fhjdl be certified under the hands and feais of the said commis-malority of C fi°nerss or the major part of them; but in case such reward or the commis- sum of money shall not exceed the sum of one thousand pounds, iioners; and then, and in that case, it shall and may be certified under the not exceed- jiands and feais of the said of, or any five or more

"»SS'ofthen>.

fled by five.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission- That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of for the ers for the discovery of the longitude, or the major part of powered^ Vo* and they are hereby authorized and impowered for their

administer better satisfaction, if they shall see occasion, to administer an oaths, oath

treasurer of the navy,

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 20. la 1

oath or oaths to such person or persons as they shall think pro- for the mir-per, for the purposes of carrying this act into execution: which otthM oath or oaths, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or a*more of the said of to administer accordingly.

IX. And whereas, since the passing of the said act of the Lowndes's twelfth of Queen Anne, another professorship foi the pur- professor of a-pose of astronomy has been established in the university of Cam- m

bridge 1 be it therefore enacted, That the Lowndes95 professor of made a ioint astronomy in the university of Cambridge for the time being shall commissioner be, and he is hereby added to, and joined with the commis- forthelongi-sioners appointed by the said act of the twelfth of Queen An*: ey tucic* and by another act passed in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second; and the said professor of astronomy is hereby appointed a commissioner, and shall and may aft, to all intents and purposes, for putting in execution the said acts and this present act, as fully and effectually as if he had been appointed a commissioner by the said acts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, and of the twenty sixth of King George the Second, or either of them.

X. And whereas the publication of nautical almanacks con-The construe-strufted by proper persons, under the direction of the said com- tien and pub-missioners, would greatly contribute to make the said lunar hcation of tables more generally useful; be it further enacted by the au- knacks or thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the other table*, said of to cause such nautical almanacks, or other recommended useful tables, to be construsted, and to print, publish, and vend, to.!£e cora/ or cause to be printed, published, and vended, any nautical al- {^e longitude, manack or almanacks, or other useful table or tables, which they, or the major part of them, shall, from time to time, judge necessary and useful, in order to facilitate the method of discovering the longitude at sea; any law, Statute, exclusive privilege, private charter, or other custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no None to print, person or persons shall print, publish, or vend, or cause to be publish, or printed, published, or vended, any nautical almanack or alma- same but such nacks, or other table or tables constructed under the direction of as shall be li. the said of, without being first licensed by the said censed, of, or the major part of them; and if any person or persons not so licensed, or not being authorized by the person or persons so licensed by the said of, shall print, pub-iifh, or vend, or cause to be printed, published, or vended, any un(jer^ such nautical almanack or almanacks, or other table or tables, ofol.for every such person or persons thall, for every copy of such nauti- every copy, cal almanack or table so printed, published, or vended, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster 5 and that one moiety of such penalty and forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall prosecute, inform, or sue for the same.

212 Anno quinto GEORGII III. C. 21, 22. [1765.

CAP. XXL

An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax\ and for indemnifying persons who have acted as of of the land tax, by virtue of estates of or above a certain value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the value of one hundred pounds per annum; and for limiting a time within which suits and prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the qualifications of persons who shall act as of of the land tax.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the further encouragement of the British white herring fishery.

Preamble re- \&T WHEREAS by virtue of on act of parliament, made in the citing clauses twenty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George in ad3 the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of the British Geo. white herring fishery, his said late Majesty did, by letters patent under the great Jeal of Great Britain, incorporate sundry persons by the name of The Society of the free British fishery, for the purpose of carrying on and improving the British white herring fisheries: and by the said act the said society were impowered, by a voluntary subserip -tien, to raise the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, to be their capital stock > and as an encouragement to such persons as Should become subscribers thereto, the sum of three pounds by the year, for each hundred pounds which Should be actually employed in the said fisheries, and proportionably for any greater or lesser sum, was directed to be paid to the proprietors of the said stock, for and during the space of four-teen years from the date of the said charter, by the receiver general of his Majesty's customs, by equal half yearly payments; provided the said society Should employ the sum of one hundred thousand pounds at least in thejaidfijheries, within the space of eighteen months from the date of such subscription: and as a further encouragement to persons to engage in the said white herring fisheries, a bounty of thirty shillings per ton is, by the said act, given and made payable, in manner therein mentioned, to the owner or owners of all decked vessels from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which Should be built, after the commencement of the said act, for the use of the said fisheries, whether by the said society or any other person or persons, in manner, and under the regulations, and upon such conditions, as in the said act arc mentioned which bounty was to be paid yearly, during the space of fourteen years from the commencement of the said act, and no longer: and

whereas

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 22. 223

whereas by another act, made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of Ad8 Geo. * his said late Majesty, the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and also the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton, granted by the said acts, for the respective terms therein mentioned, were continued for the further term of three year s, to be computed immediately from and after the expiration of the said respective terms for which the same were granted as aforesaid: and whereas by another atJ, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for allowing a further bounty on all vessels em- k aft jo Geo. ployed in the white herring fishery, for giving liberty to alter the*present form and size of the nets used in the said fishery, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it is enacted, That the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton, by the said two fevera I aft sgranted and continued for the respective terms of years therein respectively mentioned,

Should cease, determine, and be it an end; and that in lieu thereof a bounty of fifty/billings per ton, on all vessels employed in thesaidfi/beries,

Should be paid and payable for such term and terms of years, to the said society, and such other persons as would have been intitled to the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton, by virtue of or under the said several acts herein before recited, in case the said act had not been made j and that such bounty of fifty shillings per ton Should be paid and payable at such times, and in such manner, and by such person and persons, and out of such monies, as the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton is by the said two several acts, or either of them, directed to be paid: and whereas the terms, for which the said allowance and bounty were respectively granted, will expire the twenty second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and fexty seven, and the term of the said charter will not expire until the twenty second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one: and whereas it is necessary, for the further encouragement of the British white herring fi/beries, that the said allowance and bounty Should be continued \ may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said allowance of three pounds per The centum per annum granted by the said several acts, and also the cent* per bounty of fifty shillings per ton granted by the said act of the annum, on thirtieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, for the respect the capital tive terms therein mentioned, shall be continued for the further employed bf term of four years, to be computed from and immediately after £nd thebouo-the expiration of the said respective terms for which the famety of 5g>^were respectively granted as aforesaid; and shall be paid and pay- ton on the able, for the said further term of four years, to the said society, vessels em-and to such other person or persons as are or may be respective- th*

Iv intitled to the said allowance, by virtue of or under the said gra^ted'by several acts, in such manner, and by such person and persons, the recital and out of such monies, as the same are now payable, by vir- contina-tue of or under the said several adst or any of them. furtherterm

CAP. of years.

[i76S-

[Preamble.]

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for granting annuities, to be attended with a tottery, to satisfy and discharge certain navy, victualling, and transport bills; and for charging the payment of such annuities on the sinking fund.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majestfs most dutiful and loyal fubieCls the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have taken into our serious confederation the present ft ate of the debt of your Majestfs navy; and being deferous to make same provifeon towards satisfaction thereof, have resolved, that all per fens interested in, or intitled unto, any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, or for transports, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ftxtyfour, who Should, cn or before the twenty fexth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, carry the same, after havsng bad the interest thereupon computed to the fexth day of April following, and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling office respectively, to the office of the treasurer of his Majestfs navy, Should have in exchange for the same from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank ^England, for every intire fnm of one or more hundred pounds of which such bill or bills, together with the interest so marked, Should consist, until the several intire sums of one or more hundred pounds for which such certificates were to be made forth, Should amount, together, to one million five hundred thousand pounds, and also one other certificate for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, being the remainder of fetch bill or bills; and the per-fens who Should be possessed of such firfe-mentioned certificates, Should, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be intitled, in respect of the same, to certain annuities therein mentioned; but in case the several intire sums, for which certificates were to be so granted, Should not amount to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, all personss possessed of such certificates for fractional parts, or of navy, victualling, or transport bills, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and did not amount, together with the interest thereupon computed to the fexth day of April following, to one hundred pounds, might, on or before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, after having had the interest thereupon marked in such manner as was before-mentioned, bring the same to the office of the tresurer of his Majestfs navy, and Should have in exchange for the same from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the said governor and company for the sums contained in such certificates, and for the amount afthe principal and interest of which such bills Should consist; and upon delivery thereof, and payment of so much money to the said governor and company as Should, with the sums so certified, amount to one hundred pounds, Should be intitled to the annuities and advantages therein mentioned y and that in case the monies so certified,

ta-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 225

together with the sums paid and payable at the hank of England, with the certificates for such fractional parts, and for such of the said bills as, together with the interest thereupon, did not amount to one hundred pounds, Should not, on the said fifth day of April, make up the full sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, the monies which Should be so wanting to compleat the same, Should be raised by contributions, to be received at the bank of in England, in intirefums of one or more hundred pounds, to be paid on or before the eighteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and that the contributors Should be intitled, for the monies so by them advanced, to futh annuities, benefits and advantages, as were to be allowed to the proprietors of the said certificates: we your Majesty's faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons, bank^ertifi* and bodies politick or corporate, who have delivered, or shall cates for the deliver, to the governor and company of the bank of England, entire sum of any certificate or certificates for the intire sum of one or moreone m°[e hundred pounds, so made out, on or before the said twenty sixth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; fore*6 March, or any certificate or certificates, so made out, after the said 17655. twenty sixth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and or Cr|^cai!f sixty five, and have paid to the said governor and company so fams made much money as, with the sum contained in each of the said out after that last mentioned certificates, did amount to one hundred pounds; time, and and also all persons, and bodies politick or corporate, who have P?y*n£ there-so paid to the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and 90m- l^ai make pany, any sum or sums of money, by way of contribution, to up the same complete the said sum of one million five hundred thousand tool, pounds, shall, for the monies so respectively certified, paid, or Perf°na

contributed, be intitled to, and have in respect of the same, such

t 7 1 a vancetf money

annuities or advantages as are herein after appointed; that is to ta complete

say, for two fifth parts of such monies, an annuity after the rate the sum of

of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament;

for two other fifth parts of such monies, or a proportionable annutoes af!°

number of tickets of the value of ten pounds each, in a lottery ter the r2tf

to consist of sixty thousand tickets, and to be drawn in such of 3 b per

manner as is herein after directed; the blanks, after the rate of cent, per ann.

six pounds each, together with the prizes inTuch lottery, to

attended with the like annuities after the rate of three pounds Monies* and

per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and for the re- to a proporti*

maining one fifth part of the said monies, a like annuity after enable num-

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by *tte7

parliament, with liberty to convert every share of such last-men- otheVtwo

tioned annuities, in right of one hundred pounds capital stock, fifth parts,

into an annuity for life after the same rate, with the benefit of with other

survivorship, in manner herein after authorized; all which said

redeemable annuities shall be paid at the bank of England; and maderedeem-

shall commence from the fifth day of April, one thousand seven able, and to

Vpi. XXVI. Q* hundred commence

'76, 55

and to be paid at the bank half yearly, on 10 Otto.

& 5 April. The first payment to be made on io Otto.

Such cerrifi-

226 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23- [1765.

from 5 April hundred and sixty five, and until redemption thereof by parliament (except as herein after directed, with respect to the said life annuities) be paid and payable to such respective persons, and bodies politick or corporate, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, half-yearly, at two of the most usual days of payment in the year (that is to say) the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of April; the first payment thereof to become due on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-

cates for frac- rity aforesaid, That if any of the certificates granted on or before tional sums, the said twenty sixth day of March, one thousand seven hundred

redelivered* anc* ^or ^ra<^lona^ Parts one hundred pounds.

Sec. to the*shall not have been redelivered, and subscribed, to the said trea-treasurer of surer of the navy on or before the fifth day of April, one thou-the navy, by sand seven hundred and sixty five; in every such case, the said ar^t^be^aKl certI^cates ^all be paid according to the course of the navy, in off. 0 e pam such order as the bills, in part of which such certificates shall have been granted, were payable; and such of the said certifi-and such as cates as were granted in part of bills bearing interest, shall, from were granted the said fifth day of Apri\ one thousand seven hundred and sixty bearinV^ia- S ^vc' carryntere^ a^ter such rate as would have been payable interdt, Ire to respect of the sums mentioned in the said bills; any thing here-carry interest, in contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the after 5 April; said certificates which shall not have been so redelivered to the and the same treasurer his Majesty's navy, shall and may be assignable by are made af- indorsement thereupon made, until the same mall be paid in the course of the navy as aforesaid; and that none of the said assignments shall be charged with any stamp duties whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer of his Majesty's navy shall deliver to the chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company, such account or accounts of the certificates so delivered out, as the said cashier or caftiiers shall think necessary for his or their in-delivered out. formation.

Annuities

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, made a perfo- That all persons and corporations intitled to any of the said redeemable annuities, and their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and inaefeazible estates and interests in the same, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be dependable to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that none of the certificates granted in manner herein mentioned, or of the annuities hereby established, shall be subject to any taxes, charges, or impositions whatsoever.

Executors and And be ? f^her, enacted by the authwhy aforesaid,

trustees, &c. a hat every person who was possessed of any of the said bills as deliverin g up executor.

signable by indorsement. Treasurer of the navy to give an account to the cashier of the bank, of the certificates

aal estate.

and not dependable to heirs, See.

and to be tax free.

I?^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23; 2ty

executor, administratpr, or trustee, or as guardian of any infant ^ils to the or infants, or as committee of any ideot, lunatick, or person of treasurer of unfound mind, or as depoiitary or mortgagee, and hath deliver- nav % arc cd up such bill or bills to the said treasurer of the navy as afore- f^doin laid, shall be and is hereby indemnified for so doing; and shall, and are°inu-in respect of such bill or bills, be intituled to the annuities and tied to the advantages hereby provided; but in case of executors or admi- annuities and nistrators, the annuities which they shall be so intitled to shall a^vidof? be assets in their hands, in like manner as such bill or bills were t*hT a£h^or would have been if not so delivered up; and in case of guar- The annui-dians, trustees, committees, depositaries or mortgagees, the an- ties to be nuities to which they tliall be so intitled shall be subject and liable to the same trusts and equity of redemption respectively, as hands of Cexe-such bills were or would have been if not so delivered up. cutors;

and in trustees hands, to be subject to the same trusts,

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Credit to be That the said governor and company of the bank of England, glv^ m.and their successors, or such person or persons as they shall ap- bankVor the point for that purpose, shall, and he and they is and are hereby Amis in the respectively authorized and required, to give credit, in a book or certificates, books to bfi prepared for that purpose, for the sum contained innd for every such certificate brought or to be brought to him or them, ^ch)mlay, be, and for the sums so paid and contributed as aforesaid; and the re- assigned. spective persons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit

such sums shall be entered in the said book or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer all or any part of his, her, Duplicate of or their share or proportion thereof, which shall be then attend- laid books ed with the said redeemable annuities, to any otljer person or^it.^ra"^e persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books receipt of the of the bank of England; and the said governor and company for exchequer by the time being shall also, on or before the twenty fourth day of nJune>

June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, transmit an attested duplicate fairly written on paper,of the said book or books first herein before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A.

That the said annuities payable at the bank of England shall, barged on from the commencement thereof, bfc charged and chargeable the sinking upon, and payable out of, the monies which shall, from time to fund, time, arise and be in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of or

for the surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fundy after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies paid or Monies con* contributed as aforesaid at the bank of England, shall, by or on tributed at*the behalf of the said governor and company, be from time to the banJt to time paid into the receipt of the exchequer, within the space of1* paid into seven days after notice in writing shall, on the behalf of the within of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or 7 days after

Q, 2 the notice given f

228

and to be applied by the treasury towards discharging bills payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, made out on or before 30 June, 176+.

Bank to employ a chief clerk and accountant*general.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. [1765.

the high treasurer for the time being, be delivered to the cashier or caftiiers of the said governor and company for that purpose, and shall be accounted for in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof; and that all the monies so paid into the said receipt, shall and may be issued and applied by any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, towards discharging bills payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, or for transports, which were made out on or before the said thirtieth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for the more easy and sure payment of the said annuities hereby directed to be paid at the bank of England.

IX. And, for the more effectual execution of this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall, from time to time, until the said annuities shall be redeem* ed according to this act, appoint or employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London to be their chief or first cashier or caftiiers, and one other sufficient

Monies to be person within the same office to be their accountant general 5 the Cfinkingf an<* l^at muc^ t*ie monies, from time to time, ' and at any fund*, from time, arising or being in the receipt of the exchequer of or for time'to time the surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, commonly called to the said <fke Sinking Fundt as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to an-nient of the^wer t^ie half-yearly payments of the said annuities, shall (after annuities jC PaY»ng>or reftrving sufficient to pay, all such sums of money as, before the passing of this act, shall have been directed by any other act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the said fund) by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or caftiiers of the said governor who is to ap- anc* company of the bank of England and their successors for the ply the same time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the pay-accordingly, nient of the said annuities; and that such cashier or caftiiers to accounuhe^e- wllom the said monies shall, from time to time, be issued, shall of " from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer.

Cashier to X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authori-gwc lecunty, aforesaid, That such cashier or cashiers shall give security to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer, for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer all monies which he or they hath or have received, or shall receive, in such manner as herein before mentioned, and for

accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust*reposed in him or them by this act.

Accountant

XI. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant general to in general for the time being shall, from time to time, insped and Sped the re- examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or caftiiers, ccipu and and

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 229

and the vouchers relating the reunto, in order to prevent any payments, /fraud, negligence, or delay. with the

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Annuities, in That all the monies to which any person or persons shall be in- respect of the titled by virtue of this act, in respect of the nrft mentioned two first mention-fifth parts of the said one million five hundred thousand pounds, on

which the said redeemable annuities, after the rate of three pounds f.

per centum per annum % shall be attending, shall, from the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be added to to COnfoli. and made part of the joint (lock of annuities transferable at the dated with the bank of England, into which the several sums, reduced from four reduced an-pounds to three pounds per centum per annum, were converted by ^$0* 5 two acts of parliament, made in the twenty fifth and twenty sixth1»'*

years of his late Majesty's reign; subject, nevertheless, to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said act of the twenty fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed, in respect of the several and respective sums, or any part thereof, for which the several and respective annuities therein mentioned, or any of them, are payable; Annuities de-and that all the monies to which any person or persons shall be i£n^ing on intitled by virtue of this act, in respect of other two fifth partsthe lottcry* of the said one million five hundred thousand pounds, to be determined by the drawing of the said lottery, on which the like redeemable annuities shall be attending, together with so much of the remaining one fifth part of the said one million five hundred thousand pounds, on which the like redeemable annuities withthofethat shall be attending, as shall not be exchanged for annuities on shall not be Jives with the benefit of survivorship, in manner authorized by exchanged for this act, shall also be added to and made a part of such joint (lock, from the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred a°joint and sixty six, and shall be subject to redemption in manner a- stock. foresaid $ and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he,

(he, or they, shall be intitled as aforesaid, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Books to be That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant ge- kept at the neral for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers account, ant of any part or parts of the said annuities, payable at the bank of j?*"1 England, and of the principal sum in respect whereof they were ingaflign-estab!ished, shall be entered and registered; which entries shall ments and be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall betran^ers* signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers; or

if any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attornies, hereunto lawfully authorized by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the person or persons, to whom such trans- persons ac-fer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her, or tjieircepting such acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning or transfers to transferring any part of the said annuities or principal sum (hal

0, 3 bean«. P'

230 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. [1176.

be good and available in law, and that no stanrtp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them. Annuities

XIV. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any share m*y be or interest in the said annuities, payable at the bank of England, butnopay- or any c^ate on i°terest therein, may devise the same by will; but nient to be that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much

made till en- of the said will as relates to, such effate, share, or interest, be Jry w' m^!c of entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or such deyile, devise, such share, estate, or interest, shall go to the executors, administrators, or successors.

Bank to incur no disability for what they shall do under this act.

No fee to be iaken for certificates, annuities, or transfers,

on penalty of01.

Treasury to reward the per (bn employed in the execution of this tit\; and to defray incidental charges, out of the sinking fund 5 with allowances for the chief clerk,

and accountant general, at thedifposal of governor and company of the bank.

Certificates to be granted at the bank to the proprietors of flock

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank or England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing of any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity* shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's ftibjefts for receiving the said certificates and monies, or for issuing the monies for payment of the said annuities, or for any transfer to be made in pursuance of this act, or for any other matter or thing hereby required to be transacted or done at the bank of England, upon pain that <&ery person so offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to reward all such persons as shall be any ways employed in the execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour; and also to defray such incidental charges as shall necessarily attend the same, out of the surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund; and also to appoint such allowances as they shall think proper, out of the said surplusses, excestes, or overplus monies, for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, in the receiving the said certificates and monies, and payment of the said annuities, and for executing the other trusts hereby in him or them reposed; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general for performing the trust hereby reposed in him; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid in respect to the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person and body politick or corporate, who shall become possessed of one hundred pounds or more capital stock in the redeemable annuities herein before granted, in respect of the

one

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 231

one fifth part of the sums certified, paid, and contributed as '"the rtdeem-aforesaid, shall, upon application to the said cashier or cashiers, annuities, or accomptant general, at any time on or before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, be intitled

to receive from such cashier or cashiers, or accomptant, for every intire sum of one hundred pounds, of which such person or body politick or corporate shall be then possessed in such stock a certificate under the hand or hands of such cashier or cashiers, or accomptant, directed to the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and to be printed or written upon cheque pa-? per, and cut out indentwise through some flounfh or device to be contrived by the said cashier or cashiers, or accomptant; A distinct which certificate shall contain the hames and additions of such j^ficateto respective proprietors; and the said cashier or cashiers, or ac- every 1001. comptant, is or are hereby required to grant a distinct certificate to be assign'-for every such one hundred pounds, in manner as aforesaid; able by in which certificates may be assignable by indorsement thereon to ^vritnefled be made, and witnessed by two persons, at any time before the before "May, first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; for 17A6.

which alignment no (lamp duty shall be paid: and in o?der to Counterpart prevent the auditor, of the said receipt from being imposed upon bJ.et^Jue* by any counterfeit or forged certificate, the said calmer or ca- mittedtothe lhiers, or accomptant, shall transmit to the said auditor a coun- auditor of the terpart of the cheques of all the said certificates delivered out by exchequer, them as aforesaid; upon which counterparts shall be expressed the number of the certificate, and the names of the respective proprietors to whom such certificates shall have been granted.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, certificates to That the said respective proprietors, or their executors or ad- be delivered ministrators, shall, on or before the sixth day of May, one up at the ex-thousand seven hundred and sixty six, deliver every such certi- ^J?uerbj6 ficate to the said auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, to be tobeexchang-exchanged for orders to be made out in the manner herein after ed for orders; appointed; and shall also at the same time, by writing on the and theper-back of every such certificate, name, and in manner herein after |?n* whose mentioned, describe the person for whose life he, she, or they, defir-shall desire to have an annuity, with the benefit of survivorship, as ed, are to be is herein after also mentioned; and in case any such certificate then named; shall not be delivered to the said auditor, and such nominee be othermfe the appointed on or before the sixth day of May, one thousand seven [jSannthies hundred and sixty six, then, and in such case, every proprietor are forfeited; of such certificate shall forfeit all right and title to any such life but the right annuity as aforesaid; but upon redelivery of such certificate to m

the said cashier or cashiers, or accomptant, shall become intitled, ble roSSi-to stock in the said redeemable annuities so consolidated as afore- dited annui-said, to the amount'of the sum so certified, in such and the same ties. fi&U remanner as such respective proprietor would have been intitled in ma*n» case such certificate had not been taken out; and the said cashier or cashiers, or accomptant, is or are hereby required to certificates tq cancel every such certificate upon the redelivery thereof. the bank. '

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Annuities for

0, That lives to be

to commence from 5 April, 1766, and to be paid half yearly, on 10 Oct. and 5

23a Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. [1765.

paid at the That the said proprietors, who shall deliver to the said auditors exchequer at such certificates as aforesaid, and appoint their nominees on or percent.0 31 before the said sixth day of May, one thousand seven hundred with benefit of and sixty six, shall be intitled to have and receive, during the survivorship j lives of such nominees respectively, an annuity, payable at the exchequer, at the rate of three pounds for every one hundred pounds, so certified to the said auditor, to be attended witlf the benefit of survivorship in manner hereafter-mentioned; which said annuities shall commence from the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and be payable half year-First payment ty* during the lives of the respective nominees, on the tenth day to be made on w October, and the fifth day of April, in every year; the first jo Oct. 1766. payment thereof to become due on the tenth day of October, one Annuities thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and the annuities payable Sank tmr at t^lc bank.of England, in respect of the monies so converted April, 1766, into life annuities, shall be paid there to the said fifth day of itc. April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and all right

and title to the same, and the principal sum in respect whereof such annuity shall have been payable* shall from thenceforth cease tnd determine.

Adiftinftor-

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, dertobe made That the auditor of the said receipt ot exchequer shall, as soon out at the ex- as conveniently may be after such certificate or certificates shall chequer for a be delivered to him, cause a separate and dlftinst: order to be life annuity ma(jc dut in the exchequer for the payment of a life annuity for every one hundred pounds so certified; which orders shall be made out upon vellum or parchment, and shall contain the names, surnames, additions, and places of abode, of the respective proprietors or their assigns, and of their nominees, and the reputed ages and parents of such nominees, with other descriptions which shall bed ascertain the person of such nominees, and also the annuity payable during the lives of such respective, nominees; and all such orders shall be signed by the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being; and, after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual, in law, according to the purpose and true meaning thereof, and of this act; and shall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removals of any commissioner or of of the treasury, or high treasurer, nor shall they or any of them have power to reyoke, countermand, or make void, such orders so signed as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said orders shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, according to the course in which the said certificates shall be delivered to the said auditor; and the nominees, and the annuities payable upon their lives, shall be formed by the said auditor into classes, e^ch class to consist of annuities to the amount of one thousand five hundred pounds at least, in iqanner following; that is to say. The annuities made payable in respect of the first five hundred orders shall fprm the first class; the annuities

for every tool certified.

Orders to be numbered arithmetical-iy»

and the no-'minees to be ftxmed into classes. of ^, 500l. each.

233

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23.

nuities made payable in respect of the fuceeding five hundred orders shall form the second class; and so in like method the annuities made payable by the remaining orders, shall, according to the numerical course of such orders, be formed into other classes, which shall be numbered in succession, until the several annuities, which shall make up several and distincft sums of one thousand five hundred pounds, shall be so classed and ranked; and if, over and above the said several and distindfc sums of one Supermime-thousand five hundred pounds, any annuities shall remain which raryfra&ionai shall not amount in the whole to one thousand five hundred pounds, such remaining annuities shall be distributed amongst, the

and added to, the several classes, in equal proportions as near as other classes. may be, so that the proportion of such annuities to be added to the first class, shall be according to the numerical course of the orders immediately succeeding the orders provided for in the lad of the said classes, and so in like succession with respect to the proportions to be added to the second and other subsequent classes; and if any annuity or annuities shall remain which cannot be equally apportioned amongst all the said classes, in such case, if there shall be only an annuity payable in respectc of one order, such annuity shall be added to the first class; or if there shall be more annuities than one, then such annuities shall, according to the numerical course of the orders for payment thereof, be added in equal proportions to such of the said classes as such proportions can extend to, beginning with the class number one, and proceeding to the next succeeding classes, until all ^trt tb the said annuities shall be ranked and classed. same

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by shall bea no-the authority aforesaid, That if any of the said proprietors, up- minecin two on their delivering in to the said auditor any two or more of the g^rct^rtu said certificates, whereby one and the same nominee shall be ap- auditor, upon pointed, shall signify their deflre that the annuities to be paid in reaueft'may respect thereof may be placed in different classes, then, and in postpone the each and every such case, the said auditor may postpone the

making out any order or orders upon the said certificates, until annu?ties can the same may be numbered in such manner as to be ranked, as be placed in far as may be, in different classes, according to the desire of the different clas-said proprietors. fes, according

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to desire* That, from time to time, upon the death of each and every no-m'inee ip each respective class, the annuity or annuities which shall have been payable in such class, during the life of such no- nominee, the minee. shall be equally divided among the rest of the proprie- annuities to tors of the annuities in the same class, during the lives of their be divided a-respective nominees; and When there shall be only one surviv- in^he^ ing nominee in any such class, the person or persons intitled to same c\^9 tju an annuity or annuities therein upon the life of such survivor, the whole be shall, during such life, have and receive the whole of the an-deternihied. nuities contained in every such class respectively; and, from time to time, upon the decease of such survivor, the annuities payable in such respective class shall c$afe and determine; and ^ot

1 in

*$4

Anno quinto Georgii III. C.

[1765.

ingto jjooool.in case the life annuities do become payable in respect of the said certificates, shall not amount to the sum of

three thousand pounds, then the said annuities shall be payable and paid with the like benefit of survivorship upon the whole of such annuities, m like manner as is before provided and directed with respectc to the survivorftiips in such classes.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in the offices of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, and clerk of the pells fevesally, there shall be provided and kept one or more book or books, in which the names of all such proprietors and their nominees, during whose lives respectively the said annuities shall be payable, shall be fairly entered; and also a book or smd" their no- books, in which the fevefral classes, and the names of the persons appointed nominees, and the said annuities, and the names*rre* of the proprietors of such annuities in each dafs, shall be also fairly entered; which books it shall be lawful for the respective proprietors, their executors, administrators, or assigns, from time to time to resort to, and to inspect without fee or reward. Money faffi-

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cient for pay- That from and out of the monies composing the said fund, comment of the monly called The Sinking Fund (after paying, or referring suffici-said annuities ent to pay, all such sums of money as, before the passing of this 00tof the* a(^' ^avekeen directed by any other act or acts of parlia- £nki!ur fund, ment to be paid out of the said fund; there shall and may be separated, set apart, and applied, from time to time, at the receipt of the exchequer, such sums of money as shall be necessary for payment of the said annuities upon lives, in manner as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any such proprietor, or his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, at any time during or her nominee or nominees, by proper words of rej*CTiven° assignrnent to incj0rfed on his, her, or their order or orders, to be witnessed by two persons, to assign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, interest, and benefit, of such order or orders, to any other person or persons; which being notified in the office of entered at the au<htor of the said receipt of the exchequer, the officers exchequer, there shall cause an entry or memorial thereof to be made in the book of registry for such orders, without fee or charge; and after such entry made, such assignment shall intitle such assignee or assignees, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignec or assignees may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons, who shall make such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof; and for which assignment no stamp duty shall be paid.

Th.XXVII. And, for preventing all frauds in receiving the said not\pp«ring annuities, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That personally at every proprietor, his or her executors, administrators, assigns, or the time agent

with like be nefit of survivorship.

Books to be kept at the exchequer and pells for entering the names of the proprietors

spective clas-

sinking fund.

Orders made assignable during the lives of the

such alignments to be

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. tj.35

agents, Upon demand of any half-yearly payment of his or her demanding respective shares of the said annuities (unless the nominee appears^in person at the said receipt) shall produce a certificate of the tJePannuity, life of his, her, or their respective nominee, signed by the mini- a certificate fter and churchwardens of the parish where such nominee shall of his life is to be then living upon the day when the said half-yearly payments° be pro-shall become due, if such nominee shall be then residing in thatducc*part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales^or town orattefted up* of Berwick upon Tweed; or otherwise, it shall and may be law- on oath, fill to and for every such proprietor, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, at his or her election, to make oath of the truth of his or their respective nominee's life upon the day when the said half-yearly payments shall become due, before one or more of the justices of the peace of the respective county, riding, city, town, or place, wherein such person, at the time of making of such oath, shall retide; and in like manner, every such proprietor, his or her executors, administrators, assigns, or agents, whose nominee shall reside in any town or place, being extra-parochial, upon the day when any of the said half-yearly payments shall become due, shall make a like oath before any such justice or justices aforesaid of the life of such nominee on that day (which oaths the said justice or justices of the peace is or are hereby impowered to administer) and such justice or justices shall befiiedL^ make a certificate thereof; for which oath and certificate no fee or reward shall be demanded or paid; and the said certificate shall be filed in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalty of said, That if any person shall be guilty of a false oath, or shall

forge any certificate touching the premisses, and be thereof law- forging a cer-fully convicted, such person shall incur the pains and penalties tificate. inflicted upon persons committing wilful petjury and forgery.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Certificates That in case any nominee shall, at the time of such demand, with respect be resident in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the to nominees kingdom of Ireland» and any one or more of the barons of the scotlanVor exchequer there for the time being shall certify, that, upon Ireland, proof to him or them made (which proof he and they is and

" are hereby authorized and required to take in a fumraary way) it doth seem probable to him or them, that the said nominee is living (which certificate is to be given on examination made without fee or charge) the said certificate, being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient warrant for making the said half-yearly payment to the respective proprietors, their executors, aidmi-nistrators, or assigns; and in case any such nominee shall, at the or \n partJ time of such demand, be resident in any parts beyond the seas, beyond the the respective proprietors of all such orders, or their agents, shall f«w* by whom produce certificates of the life of his, her, or their respective no- to* minees under the hand of the British minister residing at the place where any such nominee shall be living upon the day when the half-yearly payment shall become dye) which certificates

shall

236 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. [1765.

shall be given without fee or reward; and in case no British minister shall reside at the place where any such nominee shall live, then the said proprietors of such orders or such agents shall produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their respective*nominees under the hand and seal of the chief magistrate of any city, town, or place, where any such nominee shall be then living, upon the day when the said half-yearly payment shall become due as aforesaid: and such proprietors, agent or agents, shall also annex to every such certificate an affidavit to be made before one or more of the barons of the exchequer, that he or they do believe that such certificate is true; which certificate and af-

fidavit being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient warrant for Persons know-making the said half-yearly payment to the respective proprie-_ ngly recciv- tors, or their agent or agents: and if any person or persons shall beyond the* rccc*vc onc or more halfi-yearly payment or payments upon his, deaths of her, or the*r annuity or annuities lor any time beyond the death their nomi- of his, her, or their nominee or nominees when the same ought nees, forfeit to cease, such person or persons knowing such nominee or nomi-receive^and1 nces'to* dead, foaH forfeit treble the value of the monies (b 5001.*by him, her, or them received, and also the sum of five hun-One moiety dred pounds; whereof onc moiety shall go to his Majesty, his to the King, heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them to thehprofe-Cr w ^uc ^or t^ie fame» by action of debt, bill, suit, or in-

cutor, formation; in which noeffoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed. Deaths of

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nominees to That every proprietor, his or her executors, administrators, or within one a'l6ns> within one month next after notice of the death of his, month, to the her, or their respective nominee or nominees, shall certify such exchequer, death to the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer for the time and the order being; and shall also, within three months, after such notice, nu*itthto"bB deliver or cause to be delivered up to the said auditor, his, her, delivered up or l^eir order or orders, by which he, she, or they, was and within three were intitled, during the life of such nominee, to any share of months after; the said annuities, in case fqch order or orders be in his, her, or their hands or power; and in default thereof, such proprietor, the prole^ ° his or their executors, administrators, and assigns, shall forfeit cutor. the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by action of debt as a-

foresaid, and to be had and received for the use of any person who shall sue for the same.

Annuities made tax free, and to be deemed a person al estate, &c.

Such half year's payment as is neglected to be demanded until within % q days be-

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever, and shall be deemed a personal estate; and in all cases, where the same do not depend on the proprietor's own life, shall go to his executors and administrators, and not be descendable to heirs.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any proprietor of any such life annuity, who shall be intitled to receive any half-yearly payment thereof, shall at any time neglect to demand the same, until within twenty days before the expiration of one year from the time when such payment shall have becotne due, he shall forfeit such half-year-

Jy

*7^5*3 Anoo quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 237

ly payment so neglected to be demanded; and the same shall be fore theexpi. divided amongst the proprietors of annuities in the lame class, ration of the as if the nominee for the annuity, in respect whereof such de- >* for-fault shall be made, had been dead, and to, from time to time, of the upon every default. other annui.

tants in the same class.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, That if such proprietor

shall afterwards make a demand in due time, in manner as following half aforesaid, for any following half-yearly payment, such proprie- year's divi-for shall, for the future, have his (nare of the said annuities, as if dend, duly de-such default had not been made. thC

XXXIV. And, to the intent it may appear and be ascertained upon every half-yearly payment, unto and amongst what Account to be -persons, and in what proportions, the said annuities are to be made up half-distributed; be it enacted, That in the said office of auditor of °^the the receipt, every half-year, within twenty days before the re- nfinee*? spective days of payment, there shall be made up an account of the defaults of the said nominees whose deaths are come to knowledge, and of those not de-the several proprietors who have made default in making demand manding their as aforesaid, that so the rest of the proprietors may have the ad- dmden*vantage thereof.

XXXV. And whereas it may so happen that, in process of time, several of the (landing orders may be loft, burnt, or destroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or incumbered with many assignments thereon, and may be necessary that

new orders Should be made forth in lieu thereof; be it therefore New orders enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all or any the said* cases, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, " A^Hbe* or the high treasurer for the time being, shall, and he or they certified to be is or are hereby impowered, from time to time, upon certificate loft, burnt, or under the hand of the lord chief baron, or any other of the destroyed s barons of the coif of his Majesty's court of exchequer, that he or they is or are satisfied, by proof upon oath before him or them made, that any such order or orders have been loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, to cause new orders to be made forth at the exchequer, to be signed by him or them, in lieu of such orders so certified to be loft, burnt, or destroyed; and the respective officers in the said exchequer are hereby directed to pay the and the inte-interest, which shall, from time to time, become due on such rest to be duly new orders, as if the original order or orders had been produced; Pajd thereon $ and all such payments shall be allowed in their respective accounts; provided that the person or persons, intitled to receive the interest due upon any such order or orders, do give security to the King, to the good liking of the person appointed to pay u's ecun* the same, for paying into the exchequer, for the use of the publick, so much money as shall be paid thereupon, if the order or orders, so certified to be loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, be thereafter produced; and the said of of the New Handing treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall also ordfre maX. have power to cause new (landing orders to be made forth for hCu of such as

and shall be defaced.

aj8 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23; ' [1765.

and in lieu of such orders as shall become defaced, obliterated. Old orders to or otherwise incumbered as aforesaid % which said order or or-be cancelled j ^ers^at same time delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or orders, to be made out in lieu thereof, shall be made payable, and delivered to the person or persons who shall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors of the said order or orders, so to be delivered up and cancelled, at the time of such delivery as aforesaid; and the auditor of the receipt as aforesaid shall always take care, that such entries or memorandums be Sooting their ma<*c uP°n^new orc*ers> as may denote their being made being in lieu in heu of such defaced, obliterated, incumbered, or otherwise - - defective orders, cancelled, and as may secure the publick against any double payments, for or by reason of the making out or issuing such new orders in manner aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act and assist in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, given by such cashier or cashiers, or any order or orders to be made forth in lieu thereof, in pursuance of this present act, or any ash^nment or assignments of such order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or discharge to the exchequer for the annuities due or to grow due on any such order or orders, or of any letter of attorney, or other authority or instrument, to transfer, assign, alien, or % convey any such order or orders, or to receive the annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any part thereof; or shall forge or or proprietors counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or know-names, ingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting the name or names of any of the proprietors of any such order or orders, in or to any such pretended assigninent or assignments, receipt, letter of attorney, certificate, instrument, or authority; or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of the said orders, and thereby assign, or endeavour to assign, any of the said orders; or receiving or cn^.ceive> orcndeavour to receive, the money of such true and law-deavouring to fal proprietor, as if such offender were the true and lawful receive his owner thereof; then, and in every such case, all and every such

money, person and persons, being thereof lawfully convicted in due form without bene-aw*judged guilty of felony, and shall suffer <leath fit of clergy.' asn ca^cs of felony, without benefit of clergy, offi taki

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, any^for^orwhatsoever, shall be demanded or taken by any of-payment of ficer of the exchequer for paying the said life annuties, or any the annuities, of them; or for the entry of any assignment thereof, to be or entry of af- made in pursuance of this act, or for any thing hereby directed ugnments, &c. tQ^(jone at tke exchequer, upon pain that any person offending by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, to forfeit sol. shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pound? and misapply- to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit 5 and in case the ing any of the officers of the exchequer shall misapply or divert any of the monies

and an entry made on the new orders.

of those cancelled.

Penalty of forging any certificate.

Order,

assignment,

receipt,

letter of attorney, &c.

or of perfo-nating a proprietor, or falsly re-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. (i. 23. 239

nics to be paid into the exchequer upon this aor shall pay or monies, or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the intent of not

this act, or shall not keep such books, registers, or make en- oms tries, and do and perform all other things which by this act they are directed and required to do and perform, every such offender to forfeit ius shall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of any of- place, and be fice or place of trust whatsoever; and if the proprietor of any such annuity shall any ways suffer thereby, he shall be intitled fering thereby to treble damages against such officer or officers, with full cods intitled to of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or in- trcb, e darna-formation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Weslmtn- full

fiery wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case Officer not to any officer of the exchequer shall make payment of any share or shares of the said annuities upon lives upon any fuen certi-abilSyfbr1 " ficate or certificates as aforesaid, such officer shall not incur any payment of penalty, forfeiture, or disability, though the said certificate be annuities up-forged or false, or the said nominee be dead, unless the said of-lfc ccr- ficer did know, at the time of such payment, that the said nominee was dead, or that the said certificate was forged or false, the same to be XXXIX, And, for establishing a proper method for drawing false, the said lottery, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's trea- Managerial*

fury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury b/ap^nt

for the time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be managers by then*-

and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to fury,

oversee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform*

such other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this act

directed and appointed by such managers and directors to be

done and performed; and that such managers or directors shall meet together, from time to time, at some publick office or place,

for the execution of the powers and trusts in them reposed by

this act; and that the said managers and directors, or so many Method of

of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the majorhc J°ttcr7

{>art of them, shall cause books to be prepared, in which every book* eaf shall be divided or distinguished into three columns; and.upon the innermost of the said three columns there shall be printed sixty thousand tickets, to be numbered one, two, three, and so onwards in an arithmetical progression, where the common excess is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of sixty thousand; and upon the middle column in every of the said books shall be printed sixty thousand tickets of the same breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the said books there shall be printed a third rank or series of tickets, of the same number with those of the other two columns; Which tickets shall several iy be of an oblong figure, and in the said books shall be joined with oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, irf such manner as the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, shall think most safe and i con-

240 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23.

[176$.

convenient, and that every ticket in the third or extreme column of the said books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the number of such ticket) words to this effect:

LOTTERY, Anno one thousand seven hundred and

sixty five.

THIS ticket will intitle the bearer thereof to six pounds, or to a better chance, in annuities, at the rate of three pounds per centum, established by an act of parliament made in the fifth year of his Majestfs reign, and transferable at the bank of England.

XL. And it is hereby enacted, That the said managers and Managers to directors, or so many or them as shall be present at such meet-exanune the ing, or the major part of them then present, shall cat^fully exbooks with amine all the said books, with the tickets therein, and take care tl'atdCrCt5* that kme contrived, numbered, and made, according them after to to truc ^ntent ar|d meaning of this act; and shall deliver, or the cashiers of cause to be delivered, the same books, and every or any of them, the bank, tak as they shall be examined, to the cashier or cashiers of the gover-fn*thrf€C, pt nor aru* company of the bank of England, taking from such or e arac. cashier or cashiers an acknowledgement in writing, under his or their hand or hands, importing his or their receipt of such, book or books and so many tickets therein as shall be delivered

to him or them respectively; and all and every such cashier or cashiers respectively is and are hereby directed and required, from time to time, to cut out of the said book or books so to be put into his or their custody, through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, indentwise, in the said extreme columns, such tickets as shall be necessary to be delivered to the several persons intitled thereto as aforesaid; which tickets the said cashier oncalhiers shall sign with his or their own name or names; and he or they shall permit the respective person or persons so intitled, if it be desired, to write his or her name or mark on the corresponding ticket in the same book; and at the same time the said cashier or cashiers shall deliver to such person or persons the ticket so cut off, which he, she, or they, are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and securing the interest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or a(Ii|ns, shall or may have in the said annuities.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cashiers to That the said cashier or cashiers, on or before the twenty sixth return the day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall books with re-deliver to the said managers and directors, at their said office the remainder or place of meeting, all the said books, and therein all the tick-of the tickets. cts t[le said cashier or shall not have cut out of the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said managers Tickets of the and directors, or the major part of them, which shall be present middle co- at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the tickets of the twiddle columns in the books made out with three columns fastenedPwith, as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them, by or lilkj " from the said cashier or cashiers as aforesaid, to be carefully

rolled up and made fall with thread or (ilk; and the said

managers

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 241

managers or directors, 01* the major part of them as aforesaid, and cut off shall* in their presence, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as will be there, cause all the said tickets, which are Jifed°with to be so rolled up and made fast as aforesaid, to be cut off indent- the letter (A) wife through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, into a box to be prepared for that purpose, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is presently to be put up into another strong box, and to be locked with seven different locks and keys* to be^,

kept by as many of the said managers, and sealed with their up seals, or the seals of some of them, until the said tickets are to sealed. be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the tickets in the first or innermost columns of the said books, shall remain still in the books for discovering any mistake or fraud (if any such Should happen to be committed) contrary to the true meaning of this act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Books to be That the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, PreParod WIt" which shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid shall also each of which

prepare, or cause to be prepared, other books in which every 60, 000 ticket* eaf shall be divided or distinguished into two columns; and to be printed* upon the innermost of those two columns there shall be printed sixty thousand tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two columns there shall be printed sixty thousand tickets, all which shall be of equal length and breadth, as near as may be; which two columns in the said books shall be joined with some flourish or device, through which the outermost tickets may be Cut off indentwise: and that eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five tickets, part of those to be contained in the outermost columns of the books last mentioned, shall be, and be called the fortunate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the said managers and direct-ors, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following; that is to ^he number say, upon two of them severally ten thousand pounds principal and value of money; upon two of them severally five thousand pounds the fortunate principal money; upon every one of four of them severally, tickets, two thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of tea of them severally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty of them severally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of one hundred of them severally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of two hundred and one of them severally, fifty pounds principal money; upon every one of eleven thousand six hundred and six of them severally, twenty pounds principal money: which principal sums, fa to be written, or otherwise expressled upon the said fortunate tickers, together with five hundred 500l. to tjje pounds principal money, to be allowed to the owner of the first first drawn drawn ticket, and one thousand pounds principal money to the ticket, and owner of the last drawn ticket, over and above the benefits V?}-, to, h*i Voi.XXVI. R whichlaftdrawn'

242 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. [1765.

-which may happen to belong to the two last mentioned tickets, and, together with the sum of six pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each blank or unfortunate ticket of the said lottery, will amount in the whole to the principal sum of six hundred {housand pounds, to be converted into annuities by virtue Tickets of the of this act in respect of the said lottery; and the said managers outermost co- an<i <ijrectors, or the major part of them, who shall be present ^mentionedat a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said tickets, con-book tobe tained in the outermost columns of the said last mentioned books, rolled up and to be, in the presence of the said managers and directors, or the tied» major part of them, which shall be present at a meeting as a-

foresaid, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers and cut out as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with indentwise, thread or (ilk, and carefully cut out indentwise through the said into.a x., flourish or device, into another box, to be prepared for this pur-th^letteiT(B) P°^e> anc*to mal'iced with the letter (B), which box shall be Box to be^put into another strong box, and locked up with (even different locked up and locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the said managers, foaled. and feaie(i Up with their seals, or the seals of some of them, until these tickets shall also be drawn in the manner and form herein after mentioned; and that the whole business of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the said boxes the said tickets, and locking up and sealing the said boxes, shall be performed by the said managers and directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six days immediately preceding the day by this act appointed for the drawing the said lottery: and to Publick notice the end every person concerned may be well assured that the times o!f put- counter Part of the same number with his or her ticket is put in-ting the tick-to the box marked with the letter (A) from whence the same ets into the may be drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby diboxes. rested, some publick notification in print shall be given of the precise time or times of putting the said tickets into the said boxes, to the end that such adventurers, as shall be minded to, fee the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be-

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, gin drawing That on or before the eighteenth day of November, one thou-on 18 Nov. sand seven hundred and sixty five, the said managers and directors shall cause the said several boxes, with all the tickets therein, to be brought into the guildhall of the city of London, so that the same may be there, and placed on a table provided for that purpose, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the same day. Method to be and shall then and there severally attend this service, and cause ©bferyed in the two boxes containing the said tickets, to be severally taken drawing, &c. out of the other two boxes, in which they shall have been locked up; and the tickets or lots in the respective innermost boxes being, in the presence of the said managers and directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such adventurers as will be there for the satisfaction of themselves, well (haken and mingled in each box distinctly* some one indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed by the said managers, r the major part of them, or such of them as shall be then 6 present.

243

17^5-3 Anno quiQto Georgii III. c. 23.

prerent, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the said numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid 4>ut; and one other indifferent or fit person, to be appointed and directed in like manner, shall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the said eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate, and forty eight thousand and fifty five blank tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket so drawn with the said blank at the same time drawn, shall both he put upon one file; and if the ticket so drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal sum written upon such fortunate ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the said managers, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this purpose, into a book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the said fortunate tickets, and the principal sums whereunto they shall be intitled respectively, and two of the said managers shall set their names as witnesses to such entries; and the said fortunate and numbered tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another file; and so the said drawing of the tickets shall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering the fortunate lots in such method as is before mentioned, until the whole number of eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more for the lad drawn as aforesaid,

shall be completely drawn; and as the same cannot be perform- After each ed in one day's time, the said managers and directors shall cause 8t^" e the boxes to be locked up and sealed in manner as aforesaid, and i^ked* adjourn till the next day, and so from day to day, and every Up and sealed. day (except Sundays, Christmas-day, thanksgiving and fall days) and then open the same, and proceed as above, till the said whole npmber of eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn as aforesaid; and afterwards the said numbered tickets so drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain* in a strong box locked up as aforesaid, and under the custody of the said managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the property thereof.

XLV. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether ab- Numbers of sent or present, to what degree they have been so 5 be it enacted, and*

That the said managers shall, as soon as conveniently may be, the fUI^s> to after the said drawing is over, cause to be printed and published be printed, the number of the tickets drawn against each fortunate ticket, and the principal sum written on the same; and if any conten- Deputes re-tien or dispute shall arise in the adjusting the property of the said act^ufted fortunate tickets, the major part of the said managers agreeing the ^na-C therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: mgers.


244

Penalty of forging tickets or certificates.

Felony.

Managers to be sworn.

The oath.

CaGiier, on receiving the residue of the sums subscribed,

to give receipts for the same,

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23, [1765.

and if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any ticke or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this act, or alter any the number thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, or mall bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or caftiiers, or accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other person or persons whatsoever witha fraudulent intention; then every such person or persons being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a telon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and impowered, to cause any person or persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's gaol of Newgate, or to the common gaol of the county or place where such person or persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said felony according to law.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a manager and director for putting this act in execution, before his acting in such commission, shall take the oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be dravun in pursuance of an act of parliament made in the fifth year of his Majesty's reign9 do swear9 That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me9 and that I will not use any indirect art or meansy or permit or dire ft any person to use any indirect art or means y to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself or any other person whatsoever \ and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or finijler practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will to the best of my judgement declare to whom any prizey lot, or ticket, of right does belongs according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Which said oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other managers and directors.

XLVII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said cafilier or caftiiers, having giving security as aforesaid, at any time or times, before such cafilier or cafiiiers shall have received any book or books from the said managers, comprehending the said sixty thousand tickets as aforesaid, in three columns as aforesaid, and he or they is or are hereby required to give a note, under his or their hand or hands, for the delivery of tickets to such person or persons as shall be intitled thereto; and shall be obliged thereby, and by this act, to give

the

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 24g

the bearer of every such note such number as shall be therein the bearers mentioned of tickets/ of the extream column of the three co- intitled to one lumns book or books aforesaid, as soon as he or they shall be enabled thereunto, by delivery of any such book or books to subscribed. him or them from the said managers as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the au- Managers, kc. thority aforesaid, That out of the monies composing the fund, be paid by commonly called The sinking fund, it shall and may be lawful fionewof the to and for any three or more of the commissioners of the trea- treasury out fury, or the nigh treasurer for the time being, to reward the of the lottery said managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be money, employed by and under them, and any other officers and persons that shall and maybe any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to discharge such incident expences as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall, from time to time, think fit and reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this act contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That no person or persons shall fell the chaqce or chances of any ^le of ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or any share or shares of any chanccf> ticket or tickets in the said lottery, for a day or part of a day, or for a longer time less than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or shall receive any money whatsoever in consideration of the repayment of any turn or turns of money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove fortunate j or mall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, either as to the time of fuen ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every person and persons who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the sum and sums of money which shall have been received by such person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and every such fate, wager, or contract, and every agreement relating thereto,

shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons felling That if any person or persons ftudl keep any office or offices, or inf shall print or publish any scheme or proposal, for receiving any which* hey are sum or sums of money in consideration of any interest to be not poOdied, granted for the same, in any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, whereof such person or persons shall not then be actually pofleu-ed, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be re*

*3 paid

24-6

land against atts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punishable,

and may be sued for in Dublin.

After the

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. [1765.

paid in case any ticket, or number of tickets, in the said lottery, which shall not be in the actual possession of such person or persons, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recoverecUby action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; in which no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and also shall suffer three months imprisonment without bail or mainprize.

Offences com-

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mitted in Ire- That if any offence against this act, or any of the acts of parliament made in this kingdom for preventing private and unlawful lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the offender shall incur the like penalty and punishment to be. inflicted in like manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; and that such penalties as, by this act, or any of the said acts, are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ shall, in case of offences committed against this act or any of the said acts in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

LII. And to the end that all and every the payments, as well drawin of upon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be more the lottery, the ea*ity ascertained, settled, and adjusted, for the persons who shall tickets to be become intitled thereunto; be it further enacted by the autho-exchanged for rity aforesaid, That as soon as conveniently may be after the certificate^, drawing of the said lottery shall be completed and ended, all and every the said tickets to be given out as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for certificates to be signed by such of the said managers as shall be appointed for that purpose.

Managers to

LIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said ma-give notice of nagers as any three or more of the commissioners of the trea-takin^/the or the treasurer for the time being, shall appoint to

tickets1 and6 ta^e in tickets, and deliver out the said certificates for

delivering out and in lieu thereof, shall give timely notice, by advertisement to be printed and published in manner as they shall thirik fit, of the days and times for taking in the said tickets, and delivering out the said certificates* for and in lieu of the same; and every person's certificate shall be numbered in course, according to their bringing their tickets to the managers so to be appointed for exchanging the same; to which purpose, such managers shall enter, or cause to be entered, into a book or books to be by them kept for tering persons that purpose, the name of every person who shall bring any ticket names, or tjcjcets to be exchanged for such certificate or certificates, and and the mim- the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets which shall be her of their so brought by such person or persons, the value in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of o\\r Lord, when the same was so brought, which book and books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking ii*

the

the certificates, &c.

Books to be kept for en-

tickets, See.

Lj

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 23. 247

the said tickets to be exchanged for such certificates, for all per- c fons concerned to peruse; all which certificates shall be signed be signed by the managers so to be appointed, or the major part of them, 9

and be directed to the accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Accomptant That the said accomptant general of the bank of England for the general to time being, to whom the said certificates are to be directed as fh£cp % cipal aforesaid, mall, upon receiving and taking in the said certificates, sums in or any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, in a certificates, book or books to be by him provided and kept, for the principal sums contained in every such certificate; and the persons to A(r whose credit such principal sums shall be entered in the said maybemade book or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators, of the said successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign or sums, See. transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in books to be prepared and kept by the said accomptant general; and the said principal sums so assigned or transferred shall carry the said annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be flock transferrable by virtue of this act, until the redemption thereof in manner herein mentioned; and the said accomptant general of Certificates to the bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorized*nd and directed to cancel and file the certificates, as they shall from ^an

time to time be received and taken in by him; and to give the given in lieu persons bringing in the same a note under under his'hand, te- thereof, ftifying the principal money for which they shall have credit in the said book or books, by reason or means of the certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the annuities attending the same.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, General issue. and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a vefdid shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, Trtblc costs* against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

R.4

SCAP.

Mno quinto Georgii III. c. 4; [1765.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to oblige agents for prize money to account for such sums of money as remain in their bands unclaimed, the property of any of his Majesty's land forces $ and for the application thereof

[Preamble.]

\KJ WHEREAS several sums of prize moneys the property of his Majesty's land forces, remain unclaimed, in toe hands of the several agents, and no provision is made for the distribution of the same; may it please vowr Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kins's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual apd temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Commissioners thority of the same, That the colonels, for the time being, of and feuHngDS the regiments which were employed in any service during the the accounts late war, where the captures became the property of his Maje-of prize mo- fty's land forces; the adjutant general of his Majesty's forces Wdueto for the time being, the right honourable the lord viscount Bar-landfww.5 rmiton in the kingdom of Ireland, the honourable cobnel WiU Ham Howe, Peter Burr el esquire, colonel John Burgoyne, and colonel Isaac Barrey shall be, and they are hereby declared tQ be, of for the examining, ftadng, and settling, al{ accounts of such prize money due to any of his Majesty's land forces, and so remaining unclaimed in the hands of any agent or agents.

Power given II. And, for the better enabling the said of to them to sum- examine, (late, and settle, such accounts, be it further enacted -ntbea- by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to gcn9c* and for the said of, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands, to summon before them, at such time and place as in and by the said writing shall be expressed, any agent or agents, or other person concerned in the receipt of to produce such prize money as aforesaid; and to order such respective a-

aewunts^and 8cnts to Produce, upon oath, all books, accounts, and vouch-vouchers* on ers> necessary for the information of the said of in

oath s*the premisses: and if any agent, or other person, shall refuse to

comply with such summons, or to produce such respective books, inform^ioniii accounts> or vouchers, as aforesaid, and to give the commis-the % 7emi<fes; Goners such information, upon oath, as he is able, in the pre-which they are misles; every such agent or such other person shall, for every to obey, on such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; penalty of to be recovered and applied in manner herein after-mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

th^accounts, That w^en the^accounts of unclaimed prize money shall be the agents*adjusted and settled, the said agents, in whose hands the same are to pay shall appear to be, shall immediately pay over the said unclaim-over the mo- ed prize money into the hands or the said of, or "omm°<Uers/"ch ot^r person or persons as they, or any three or more of or their or- them, shall order and direct; who shall immediately, or as soon 4crj*thete&fter as conveniently njay pay such part of the prize

money

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25. 249

money, so remaining unclaimed in each company, to the r6- who are to respective persons who were captains of the several companies, to {^thecaptain* whom such prize money shall appertain, at the time of the fur- of t^c fCvcral render of the place at which such prize money was acquired5 companies; or, in case of the death of such captains, or any of them, then or, in case of such prize money shall be paid to the widows, or heirs at law, ^strthe of such captains respectively, whose respective receipts thfereof ]Jcjr8 at \zw shall be a discharge to the said of for the same; and of such cap-such captains, captains widows, or heirs at law, shall and are tains; hereby required, upon demand thereof made by the several ^ute the ^' persons intitled to the respective shares of any prize money in rameUamong their hands, their heirs, executors, or adpiinistrators, to pay the respective over such share of the said prize money to such persons b inti- persons intitled to the same: and if any dispute shall arise concerning the th % cto' distribution of the said prize money, such dispute shall be deter- t °dcteVmine mined by the of, or any three or more of them; dispute* arif-whose determination shall be final. ing the reup

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- on*rity aforesaid, That t^said of shall, and they are hereby impowered, oi^fcf any money which shall come to their th^pnae hands of such unclaimed prize money, in the first place, to fa- money tisfy and discharge all such expences as shall arise to any person the expences pr persons employed by them in settling the said accounts, and

all other reasonable expences attending the execution of this act. th^adtn

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures, incurred by this act, may be Recovery of sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, or wager"reSf of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and and a'pplica-such penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied, tien thereof, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No claim of

That no such claim of any prize money shall be admitted or prize money allowed after the first day of January, one thousand seven hun- tobeadmitted dred and sixty seven, or such further dav as the said commis- aft*r 1 Jaiu sioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint. 17 7*

CAP. XXV.

An act to alter certain rates of postage, and to amend, explain^ and enlarge several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of §ueen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the post office.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS tie securityand improvement of correspondence

[Preamble.]

throughout your Mojtfly's dominions, is a matter of great concernment, and highly nectssary for the preservation and extension of trade and commerce; and whereat by an act made in the ninth year of

*5°

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25. [1765.

of the reign of her late majesty §)ueen Anne, several rates are settled for the port and conveyance of letters and packets passing to and from the several parts of the British dominions in Europe and America: and whereas by the increase of trade and commerce fence the pajfeng of the said act, and by the vase accejfeon of territory gained by the late treaty of peace, several communications are opened, and new poses have been or may be established to and from the several parts of your Majesty's dominions ih America, for which the rates of postage cannot, under the present law, be properly ascertained: and whereas the present rates of pofeage may in same parts be reduced, and the revenue nevertheless may hereafter be improved, by means of a more extenfeve circulation: we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said adfc made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for establishing a general pose office for all her Majesty's dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's occafeons, as establishes certain rates or sums for the port or conveyance of letters and packets passing between London and the British dominions in America, and between any places within the said dominions, shall, from and after the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be, and is hereby repealed.

II. And, to the end that more easy and equal rates of postage may be settled and established, and the benefit of posts be in time extended to every part of the British dominions in America, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's port master general for the time being, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every the letters, packets, and other things, that shall be carried or conveyed to or from London, from or to any of the British dominions in America, and to or from any part of the said dominions, from or to any other part thereof, according to the several and respective rates and sums hereafter mentioned; the same being rated either by the letter, or by the ounce; that is to say,

Rates of post- For a]i letters and packets passing from London to any port don toTnv°n* Wlt^, n British dominions in America, and from any such port within the port unto London, for every Angle letter one shilling; for every British domi- double letter two shillings; for every treble letter three shillings; nionsinAme. an(j for every ounce four shillings 5 and foin proportion for every any such ^port Pac^ deeds, writs, or other things.

to London; For

Repeal of so much of the act of9 Annas, as establishes the rates of postage of letters between London and the British dominions in America, and places within the said dominions:

and from and after 10 Oct. 1765, instead of the rates thereby elta-blished, those following are to take place.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25. 251

For all letters and packets conveyed by sea from any port In and from the British dominions in America to any other port within the port in the 7 said dominions, for every Angle letter four pence; for every laid dominions double letter eight pence; for every treble letter one shilling; to any other and for every ounce one shilling and four pence; and so in CrC1J°# proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things, y

For the inland conveyance of all letters and packets to or from Rates 0p any chief pod office established, or to be established, within land pottage the British dominions in America, from or to any other part of the in America said dominions, not exceeding sixty British miles distant from starnceynot ex* such chief offices respectively; or from the office where such ceeding 60 letters or packets, not passing through any such chief office, may miles; be put in, for every Angle letter four pence; for every double letter eight pence 5 for every treble letter one shilling; and for every ounce one shilling and four pence 5 and, being upwards for upward of of Axty such miles, and not exceeding one hundred such miles, 60 an4 not for every Angle letter Ax pence; for every double letter one l°°

shilling; for every treble letter one shilling and Ax pence; and for every ounce two shillings; and, being upwards of one hun- forupwar<jsof dred such miles, and not exceeding two hundred such miles, 100andnot for every Angle letter eight pence; for every double letter one exceeding too shilling and four pence; for every treble letter two shillings; miles;

?nd for every ounce two shillings and eight pence; and for every and so|, distance not exceeding one hundred such miles beyond such ward8 of % oq two hundred miles, and for every such further distance, for and not ex-every Angle letter two pence; for every double letter four pence; ceeding 100 for every treble letter Ax pence; and for every ounce eight further pence; and so in proportion, according to the said several and respective rates and distances, for every packet of deeds, writs, pr bther things.

III. And whereas by certain clauses in the said act, made in Recital of the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, it is enacted, That all letters and packets that, by any master9of any ship or vessel, or any of his company, or any passengers therein, Should or might be "brought to any port town, or which Should arrive or touch at any port belonging to any port town within any her Majesty's dominions, or any the members thereof, or which shoula be on board any ship or vessel which Should or did touch or (lay at any such port town (other than such letters as in the said act are excepted) Should, by such master, passenger, or other person or persons, be forthwith delivered unto the deputy or deputies of such post master general for the time being by him appointed for such place or port town, and to be, by such deputy or deputies, sent post unto the said general post office, to be delivered according to the several and respective directions of the same; upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ftve pounds of British money for every several offence against the tenor of the said act: and whereas the said provision, in the said above recited clause, hath been found ineffectual for (he purposes intended; be it therefore further enacted by the

au-

252 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25/ [1765.

From and af ai, t^or^y aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of Oc-tcr°xo 06t3'tober, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no ship or t765, no vef-# vessel shall be permitted to break bulk, or to make any entry in fel to be ad- any port in the British dominions, until all letters and packets mined to brought by any matter of any such ship or vessel, or by any of his cTbreak bulk, company, or any passenger on board the same, to any port in till the letters* the said dominions where polls are or hefeafter may be establish-on board are ed, and from whence such letters and packets can or may be d^, Vest dispatched bY P°ft> shall be delivered to the deputy or deputies,

0 cc* or agents, of the said poll matter general for the time being, to be by him or them forwarded, according to their respective' directions, in the same course that other letters are sent from except in such such respective ports; except such letters, commissions, and cases where other matter and things, as are excepted in the said act made in they are to be the njnth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne; thefuperiif- anc* a > except all such letters and packets as shall or may be tendant of the brought in any ship or vessel liable to the performance of qua-quarentinej rentine; all which letters or packets last mentioned shall be delivered, by the person or persons having possession thereof, to the person or persons appointed to superintend the quarentine, that all proper precautions may be by him or them taken before tobedi (patch-bc delivery thereof; and when due care has been had therein, ed by him to the said letters or packets shall be by him or them dispatched, the pott office, in the usual and accustomed manner, by the pod; and all ma-Persons refu- fters^ mariners, paflengfrs, and other person or persons, neg-tip^such set-61 lc<^ng or refusing to deliver the letters or packets brought by ters, forfeit them as aforesaid, shall, for every such neglect or refusal respect-aoi. ively, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; to be sued for and

recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court or record within the kingdom, colony, plantation, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and no essoin. One moiety privilege* protection, or wager of law, shall be admitted; one to the JCing, moiety of the said penalty to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-. the other to cessors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons the proiecu- who shall or will inform against such offender or offenders, andor' sue for the said penalties and forfeitures; and for every recovery

with full such person or persons, so informing and prosecuting for the cods. said penalties and forfeitures, shall recover and have also taxed

and paid their full costs of suit; any tiling in the said act, made in the ninth year of the reign of her majesty Queen Anne, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. id. extra

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charged on all That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said deputy or ship letters deputies to demand, have, receive, and take, for every such b^th^packet ^etler an(* Pac^et 1° delivered from any ship or vessel, other than fcoats, P packet boats, to such deputy or deputies at the ports in his Majesty's dominions, as shall be directed to any place within the town belonging to such port, or within the limits of the delivery of letters and packets by such deputy and deputies, the rate or sum of one penny, over and above what may now be re* ceived lor the same.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25. 253

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From and af-That from and after the tenth day of October, one thousand ter610* seven hundred and sixty five, the rates now payable for the post- f/n/i-atw o?" age of letters and packets, sent or conveyed by the general postage by post, not exceeding one post stage in Great Britain and Ireland, the general and not exceeding two post stages in that part of Great Britain P°j*f called England, do cease and determine; and that from and af- " post^ge m ter the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred Great Britain and sixty five, it IhalLand may be lawful to and for the said post and Ireland, xnafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto and Pot*-Efficiently authorized, to and for the use of his Majesty, his E^gUnd^axe heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for to cease/ the port and conveyance of all such letters and packets which

he shall convey, carry, or fend post, within the kingdom of and the fol-Great Britain and Ireland, according to the several rates and sums lowing rates hereafter-mentioned (the same being rated either by the letter or to take by the ounce,) that is to say, P^ce;

For the port or conveyance of every single letter, so conveyed viz. Rates for or carried by the post as aforesaid, not exceeding one whole post postage not stage from the office where such letter may be put in, within p^e ft one the kingdoms aforesaid, the sum of one penny; for every p s*double letter two pence; for every treble letter three pence; and for every ounce four pence; and so in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things.

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, so con- above and veyed or carried by the post as aforesaid; above one post stage, "ot and not exceeding two post stages, from the ^office where such letter may be put in, within that part of Great Britain called England, the sum of two pence; for every double letter four pence; for every treble letter six pence; and for every ounce eight pence; and so in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Butthefere-rity aforesaid, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in any wise to af- The penny fe<ft, the rates or sums to be paid for letters or packets passing post. or repairing by the carriage called The Penny Post.

VII. And whereas, for the more ready and extensive conveyance of letters and packets between that part of Great Britain called England, and Ireland, and for the conveniency of trade and commerce between the said kingdoms, it may be convenient and expedient to improve the communication for the conveyance of such letters and packets by the post through C<trlijle9

Dumfries, and Port Patrick, or same other convenient port in Scotland; and through Donaghadee9 or some other convenient port in Ireland; be it further declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the RatCf of pofl. said post master general, and his deputy or deputies by him age between thereunto sufficiently authorized, to demand, have receive, England and and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets, cmSSo* Dum-

p a fling port

*5 4

Patrick, and Donaghadee, or other convenient ports.

Repeal of so much of the act9 Anne, as directs the postage between Port Patrick and Donaghadee to be paid where the letters are delivered.

To prevent disputes, post roads may be measured;

and a return to be made thereof upon oath;

and entered in the three chief post offices in Great Britain and Ireland; and the chief offices in America.

Fair surveys to be made out, and deposited in the respective offices here mentioned.

Anno quinto GEORGII III. c. 25.*[1765.

passing and repassing by the post between England and Ireland, through Carlisle> Dumfries, Port Patrick, and Donaghadee, or other convenient ports in Scotland and Ireland, the same rates or sums for English postage, according to the number of miles or stages such letters and packets are carried by the post in England, as also the same rates or sums for Scotch postage, according to the number of miles or stages such letter^ and packets are carried by the post in Scotland, and moreover the same rates or sums for packet postage between Port Patrick and Donaghadee, or other convenient ports in Scotland and Ireland, as likewise the same rates or sums for Irish postage, according to the number of miles or stages such letters are carried by the post in Ireland, as are respectively settled, established, and ascertained, by the said a St made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Arme9 or by this present act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said act, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Ame9 as directs, that the rates or sums to be paid for the conveyance of letters, to be sent by packet boats, between Port Patrick and Donaghadee, shall bie paid at the place where such letter or letters are delivered, in order to be sent by such packet boats, shall, from and after the said tenth day of October9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be, and is hereby repealed.

IX. And, to the end that all letters or packets may be charged with postage, according to the rated distance they are respectively carried by the post, and for preventing all disputes touching the same, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such person and persons as the post master general for the time being shall appoint, to measure, or cause to be measured, by the wheel, all the post roads which are now settled and established, or which shall hereafter be settled and established, in any part of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and other the British dominions.

X. Provided always, That such person or persons, who shall be so appointed as aforesaid to measure the said distances, and every of them, shall be sworn to perform the same according to the best of their (kill and judgement; which oath shall and may be administered by any justice of the peace, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same, and to make certificates thereof in writing, to be entered, without fee or charge, in the three chief post offices in Great Britain and Ireland; and the chief post offices established, or to be established, in Americas and moreover, that such person or persons so to be appointed by such post master as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required to cause fair surveys or books to be made out; one of each whereof shall be left with his Majesty's post master general in London^ another of each to be left at the chief post office in Edinburgh with the post master general's deputy there, another of each to be left at the chief post office at Dublin with

*55

17«5] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25.

the poll mailer general's deputy there, and another of each of such surveys or books shall be left at each of the chief pod offices established, or to be established, in America, with the respective deputies of the poll mailer general there, to remain in -

the said poll offices; each of which said surveys or books shall nfjfon, mak-be ligned by the person or ersons making the same, who shall ing the lame, and are hereby respectively required to make oath of the truth of and attested such surveys; which oath or oaths shall and may be administer- uP°n oaF|?* ed by any judice of the peace, who is hereby authorized and th^post required to administer the same; and a certificate of his or their matter geae-having sworn to the truth thereof shall be signed by the pod ral or his de-mader general for the time being, or by his deputy or deputies, in such chief pod offices in Great Britain and Ireland, and in the of^rror^ew British dominions in America; which books and surveys shall surveys may determine the didances on all the said pod roads: and in case be made out, of any suspicion of error or wrong admeasurement, it shall and may be lawful for the said pod mader general to cause new surveys to be made; and {he lad surveys which shall be made, and according to shall be verified and atteRed as above directed, shall, in all courts ^tob/chw-of judice, be evidence of the didances on such pod roads; and e(j. all rates granted by any former act or acts, or by this present act, for the port or conveyance of letters and packets, shall be paid and taken according to such surveys.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, power That it shall and may be lawful to and for the pod mader gene- to settle Penny ral for the time being, and his deputy and deputies by him Post Offices thereunto sufficiently authorized, to settle and establish an office, w.bere

to be called The Penny Post Office, in any city or town, and the nient* suburbs thereof, and places adjacent, within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Arne-v ricay where such pod shall, by the pod mader general, be adjudged necessary and convenient; and to demand, have, receive, and take, the same rates and sums for the podage and conveyance of all letters and packets, conveyed by such penny pod, as are or may be taken for the carriage of letters and packets, sent or conveyed by the carriage called The Penny Poffi established and settled within the cities of London and Westminster> and borough of Southwark, and parts adjacent, recording to the extent and meaning of the said act made in the ninth year of her said late majesty Queen Anne, and of an act made in* the fourth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and of this present act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, where such That when such penny pod office or offices shall be settled and offices are established in such cities, towns, suburbs, or places adjacent, established, no within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in America, as aforesaid, no person or persons |^tters with-whatsoever shall make any collection of letters or packets in or out being du» near such city, town, suburbs, or places, where such penny pod ly licensed. office or offices shall be established, without licence or leave of the pod mader general for the time being; upon pain of incurring

Anno quinto Georgii III. 0*25.

[176$.

ring the forfeitures and penalties to be forfeited and paid by persons collecting, receiving, carrying, recarrying and delivering letters, contrary to the said act made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, to be recovered in manner as by the said act is directed, and with full costs of suit.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all letters and packets whatsoever, which shall or may be brought, by the inland or foreign port, to the general post office in London, directed to any person or persons at any place or places beyond the delivery of the inland or foreign departments of the general post office respectively, and within the delivery of the said office called The Penny Pojt Office, department of shall be conveyed and delivered by the said penny post office; pctfbutwith-anc* t*iat lt anc* may lawful for any messengeror person, iothedelivery carrying or transmitting such letters or packets, to demand and of the penny take for the carriage and delivery of the same, one penny, and b"tli^no more> over an<* ab°vche rates postage which shall have penny^post, become due, for the port or conveyance of such letters or and charged packets to the general post office.

accordingly.

XIV. And whereas the weight of letters and packets, sent or From and af- conveyed by the carriage called The Penny Post, hath not yet 1765, no^' been ascertained by any law or Statute: and whereas many packet ex- heavy and bulky packets and parcels are now sent and convey-ceeding 4 oz. ed by such carriage, which, by their bulk and weight, greatly (except those retard the speedy delivery thereof; be it thereof enacted by the general post, authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, &c.) may be one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no letter, packet, sent by the or parcel whatsoever, shall be forwarded, sent, or conveyed, by any

penny post. carriage called The Penny Post already established, or hereafter to be established, if the weight of fuen letter, packet, or pareel, shall exceed the weight of four ounces, other than such letters or packets as have first come by the post to the general post office, or shall be passing by the said carriage called The Penny Pofty into the said general post office.

XV. And whereas by the said act, made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, certain rates are established for all letters passing from London through the Spanish Netherlands, or the United Provinces, to Hamburgh (post-pa id to Antwerp or Amsterdam) and from Hamburgh through the Spanish From 5 July Netherlands, or the United Provinces, unto London; be it enacted, 1765, the " That so much of the said act, made in the ninth year of the fameVates of reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne9 as establishes the postage are to rates last above mentioned, shall, from and after the fifth day one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be, and the and Ham- sames hereby repealed; and the said rates mall from thence-burgh, as be- forth cease and determine: and from and after the said fifth day of July, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said post matter general, and his deputy or deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets, sent or conveyed by 2 the

tween London and Germany.

Letters, See. brought by the inland or foreign post to the London office, and directed beyond the

*7*5.)

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. i$2

2 57

the pod from London to Hamburgh, or from Hamburgh to London, the same rates or sums of money which* by the said act made in the said ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, are settled, and appointed to be taken for all let* ters and packets passing by the pod from London to all other parts of Germany.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* 'she postage That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said pod mader of letter* to general, and his deputy and deputies, if such pod mader general shall deem it necessary and expedient, to cause the rates or Aims for the podage of all letters and packets which are to be ed necefliry, font by the pod out of the kingdom of Great Britain, to be paid be demanded upon their being put into any pod office within the said king- P°n th?ir(!*"'

dom. ihf<2wfc

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter carrier, or other officer whatsoever, appointed, or to be hereafter appointed and employ-^0^ce ed in the business of the post office, shall, from and after the Siting or «-tenth day of October y one thousand seven hundred and sixty bending any five, secrete, embezzle, or destroy, any letter, packet* bag* letter with 6r mail of letters, which he, she, or they, shall and may be re- fcr.

spectively entrusted with, or which shall have come to his, her* therein!

or their hands or possession, by virtue of their respedKve employments in the said post office, Containing any bank note, bank post bill, bill of exchange, exchequer bill, South Sid of East India bond, dividend warrant of the bank. South Sed9 East India, or any other company, society, or corporation, navy or viAualling bill. Teaman's ticket, (late lottery ticket, goldfimth* f note for the payment of money, or other bond or warrant, bill* or promissory note for the oayment of money, or AmtricaH pro- or bill* vincial bill of credit* or shall (leal and take, out of any letter or packet that shall come to his, her* or their bands or poflef-lion, by virtue of their respective employments, any such bank note, bank post bill, <bill of exchange, exchequer bill, South Sea or East India bond, dividend warrant of the bank* South Sea*

East India, or any other company, society, or corporation, M navy or victualling bill. Teaman's ticket, (tate lottery ticket, u fdony* goldsmith's note for the payment of money, or other bond or warrant, or promissory ttote for the payment of money, otAme^ rican provincial bHl or credit, with intent to secrete, "embezzle, or destroy the same; every such offender or offenders, being the re- of convicted in due form of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, if any person or persons whatsoever shall rob any of his Majesty's mails of any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters, although such robbery shall not appear, or be proved, to be a taking from the person, or upon the King's highway, or to be a robbery committed in any dwelling-house, or any coach-house, (table, barn, or any oothouse belonging to a dwelling-house, and although it Vol XXVI. S Should

258

is felony.

Penalty of any officer, &c. imbeizil-ing or mifap-plying the postage money received by him, or destroying any letter or packet, or advancing the 'rates, and not accounting for the same, is felony.

Port boy quit tirtgorde-fertirfg' the.mail, or suffering any person'(except the

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25. CJL7^5*

Should not appear that any person or persons were put in fear by such robbery, yet such'offender or offenders, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall nevertheless respectively be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon.}

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter carrier, or other fervanr, appointed, authorized, and intrusted, to take in letters or packets, and receive the postage thereof, shall, after the said tenth day of October, imbezzle, or apply to his, her, or their own use, any money or monies by him, her, or them, received with such letters or packets, for the postage thereof; or shall burn or otherwise destroy any letter or letters, packet or packets, by him, her, or them, so taken in or received; or who, by virtue of their respective offices, shall advance the rates upon letters or packets sent by the post, and shall not duly account for the money by him, her, or them, received for such advanced postage; every such offender or offenders, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of felony.

XX. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any post boy or rider, having taken any of his Majesty's mails, or bags of letters or packets, under his care, in order to conve£the same to the next post town or stage, shall,

- after the said tenth day of October? quit or desert the same bc-

gulird)*to ride fore his arrival at such post town or stage, or shall suffer any on the horse other person or persons (the peyfon.pr persons employed to, guard or carriage, mail or bags of letters, and packets, only excepted) to ride

of the horse or carriage along with the said mails or bags of or loitering on letters and packets; or shall loiter on the road, and wilfully the road, &c. mispend his time, so as to retard the arrival of the said mails or bags of fetters at the next jwft tpwp or stage; qx shall not, in to be com- possible. cases, convey such mails, or bags of letters after the

mittedtohard rate of fix English miles ap hour at thefeast; every such offen-labour; der, for every such offence* being thereof, convicted, either by voluntary confession of the party, or by the path or oaths of.one or more credible, witpefs or witflesses, before any one or-morejustice or justicesr-of the^eac^ (which path and oaths the said justice or justices is and are hereby respectively impow-tred^and required, to administer).(h?U _fee sent to the house of, correction, and confined to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, nor fess than fourteen days. \ and unlawful- XJ$I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ly collcaing, " That. from apd after the said tenth day of OGobsr^ if any post conveying, or boy or post boys, rider or riders, shall, by himself or themselves, 11 or in combination with others, unlawfully colfeCfc, or receive

fetters or packets, or convey, or cause letters and packets to be unlawfully conveyed, and shall thereof be convicted, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace (which oath and oaths the said justice and justices is and are hereby respectively iotpowered and required to administer) every such offender or offenders shall, for every letter or packet so by him qi them unlawfully collected,

pon-

delivering, letters or packets,

he forfeits 10s. for every letter, &c.

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 25. 259

conveyed, or delivered, forfeit the sum of ten shillings, to be and if not paid to the informer; and if the same shall not be forthwithPa.j£ paid upon conviction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice be committed*and justices to commit such offender or offenders to the house to hard la-of correction, there to remain at hard labour for any space not hour, exceeding two months, nor leis than one month.

XXI!. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pause*, &c. That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, >n the act of advantages, disabilities, penalties, forfeitures, and methods for the recovery of the same matters and things, contained in the to^bing the said act made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late ma- general or jesty Queen Anne, or in any other act or acts whatsoever, touch- penny poftof-ing the general post office, or the carriage called The Penny Post jj^herebr al« Office, and not herein and hereby expressly altered or repealed, tereijt 0rre-

(haIJ be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply pealed, ex- # and extend, to this present act, as fully and effectually, to all tended to thii intents and purposes, as if the same had been particularly re- aft# peated and re* enacted in the body of this present act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Rate*, and rates or sums of money established or appointed by this act, and pecuniary pe-also all sums of money imposed as forfeitures or penalties, and

all sums of money required to be paid, and all other monies therein mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be sterling money of Great Britain, and shall be collected, taken, recovered, and paid, to the amount of the value which such nominal sums bear in Great Britain.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Monie*arising That all the monies arising by the rates aforesaid, except the by this act* monies which shall be necessary to defray such expences as shall to be applied be incurred in the collection and management of the same, and M the P"* all other expences attending the said office, and the due execu-0 P°*tien of the acts relating thereto, shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same uses, to which the present rates of

postage are respectively now by law appropriated and made applicable.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- ncce(rary thority aforesaid, That all charges, out-goings, and disburse- charges, &cf ments, necessary for the receipt and management of the said in the receipt rates, and the rates granted by former acts, and all other ex- manage-pences attending the said office, and the due execution of the fe- allowed* veral acts relating thereto, be allowed and paid, in like manner a* usual.

as the same have heretofore been allowed, authorized, and paid, at any time since the commencement of the rates granted by the said act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne\ any thing in this act, or in an act passed in the first year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the support of his Majesty's houjholdy and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And whereas by an act made in the fourth year of clause in ad the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing Geo. 3. frauds. and abuses, in relation to the sending and receiving of letters


180 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 15.

[176$.

4packets free from the duty of postage, it is enacted, That from and after the first day of May^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, so long as the revenue arising in the general letter office or poll office, or office of post matter general, shall continue to be made part of the aggregate fund, no letters or packets sent

S' the post, to or from any place whatsoever, shall be exempt- from paying the duty of pottage, except such letters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the* privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets, free from the duty of pottage, is not by the said act extended to the pay matter general of his Majesty's forces for the time being, or to the clerk of the parliaments, or to the clerk of the house of commons of Great Britain, for the time being, who, by virtue of their respective offices and employments, necessarily send and receive many letters relating to the publick concerns of these kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That r from and after the passing of this act, the said pay matter gene-cner*ral of his Majesty's forces for the time being, mall and may send and receive letters, free from the duty of pottage, in the same Clerk of the tnanner, and under such restrictions, as other officers mention-parliaments, ed in the said act are thereby permitted, in respect of their of-and clerk of fices, to send and receive; and that the said clerk of the parlia- the house of ments, and clerk of the house of commons of Great Britain, for impwered to the time being, shall and may respectively, from and after the (end and re- passing of this act, send and receive letters, free from the duty of ceive letters pottage, in the same manner, and under such restrictions, as any free of post- member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Bn-a£C* tain now send and receive the same, in pursuance of the said

act.

Limitation of

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-actions. said, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the same shall be commenced within six months after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defen-General issue. dants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general ittue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence; and that the lame was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such action or suit shall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon a verdict for the defendant, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same. Treble costs. as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

1765.] Anno 10 quin*) Georgii III. c. 26. 261

CAP. XXVI. yfc act for carrying into execution a contra8 made, pursuant to the aS of parliament of the twelfth of his late majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury and the duke and dutchess of Atholl, the proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their trustees, for the purchase of the said island and its dependencies, under certain exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

WHEREAS his late majesty King Henry the Fourth, preamble.

by his letters patent under the great seal of England* bearing date at Westminster the sixth day of April, in the seventh year of bm reign, did grant to Sir John de Stanley knight, the island, eSUe, pele, and lordship, of Man, and all the islands and lordships to the said island of Man appertaining, which did not exceed the value of four hundred pounds by the year; to have and to hold to the said John and his heirs and assigns, all the islands, castle, pele, and lordship aforesaid, together with the royalties, regalkies, franchises, liberties, sea ports, and all things to port reasonabfy and duly belonging, homages, fealties, wards, marriages, reliefs, escheats, forfeitures, waifs, e-strays, courts baron, views of frankpledge, leets, hundreds, wapentakes, wreck of the sea, mines of lead and iron, fairs, markets, ' free customs, meadows, pastures, woods, parks, chaces, lawns, warrens, astarts, purpreftures, chiminages, pif- caries, mills, moors, marshes, turbarys, waters, pools, fish ponds, ways, passages, and commons, and other commodities, emoluments, and appurtenances whatsoever, to the said islands, castle, pele, and lordship, in any wise appertaining or belonging, together with the patronage of the bishoprick of the said island of Man, and also knights fees, advowsons, and patronages of abbies, priories, hospitals, churches, vicarages, chapels, chaun* teries, and other ecclesiastical benefices whatsoever, to the said islands, castle, pele, and lordship, likewise belonging, of the said King and his heirs for ever, by liege homage, and the service of rendering to the said King two falcons once only$ that is to say, immediately after the same homage done, and of rendering to his heirs. Kings of England, two falcons on the days of their coronations* instead of all other services, customs, and demands, as freely, fully, and entirely, as Sir William le Scrape, deceased, in the said letters patent named, or any other lord of the said island, was ever, in former times, in the belt and freed manner accustomed to have and hold those islands, castle, pele, and lordship, with the appurtenances, together with all other the premisses therein and herein before mentioned, the said liege homage, and -relit of falcons, only excepted: and whereas the monastry and priory of Rushing and Douglas, and the Fryers Minors, commonly called The Grey Fryers of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, with their appurtenances, in the said island of Man,

S 3 were*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 2 [1765.

were, on or about the general dissolution of the lesser religious houses, by force and virtue of An act for that purpose made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King Henry the Eighth, dissolved, and veiled in his said Majesty, his heirs and successors: and whereas by an act of parliament made in the thirty third year of the reign of his said late King Henry the Eighth, for dmevering the bishoprick of Chejlef, and of the Isle of Man, from the jurisdiction of Canterbury to the jurisdiction of York, it was enacted, That the bishoprick and diocese of Afan, in the Isle of Man, Should be annexed, adjoined, and united, to the province and metropolitical jurisdiction of York, in all points, and to all purposes and effects, as the bishoprick of Chester was annexed, adjoined, and united, to the same: and whereas on the death of Ferdinando earl of Derby, cousin and heir male of the body of the said Sir John de Stanley, v^iich happened in or about the thirty sixth year of the reign 4m her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, a controversy arose concerning the inheritance of the said islands, castle, pele, and lordship, with the appurtenances, between the daughters and coheirs of the said Ferdinando earl of Derby on the one part, and William earl of Derby his surviving brother on the other part; which controversy was, by her said Majesty's command, referred to the lord keeper of the great seal, and others of her Majesty's privy council, together with the chief justices of the courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the chief baron of the court of 2?*-thequer\ and till the said controversy, and certain other doubts which arose on the said letters patent, Should be determined, the said istand, castle, pele, and lordship, of Man, with the appurtenances, and all other the premises in the said letters patent mentioned, were taken into the hands of her said Majesty, in fight of the crown of England: and whereas his late majesty King James the First, by his letters patent under the great fe*l of England, bearing date at Westminster the seventeenth day of March, in the third year of his reign, did, in consideration of a fine of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen shillings, and eleven pence, paid into the receipt of his said Majesty's exchequer by Sir Thomas Leighe knight, and Thomas Spencer esquire, and for other considerations, demise, lease, and to farm-lett, to the said Sir Thomas Leighe knight, and Thomas Speneer, all those houses, feites, circuits, and precincts, formerly the monastry and priory of Rushing and Douglas, and the Fryers Minors, commonly called the Grey Fryers of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, with alf their appurtenances in his istand of Man, and all those his rectories and churches of Kirkecrijl in Shelding and Kirklovan, with their appurtenances in his said istand of Man, formerly belonging to the monastry of Rushing aforesaid, and being parpel of the possessions thereof, thentofore usually lett at the annual relit of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen shillings, and eleven pence; except, and always reserved to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-jeeffors, all and all manner of woods, underwoods, wardships, marriages, mine?, and quarries, belonging to the premisses; to

1765] Anno quiato Georgii III. c. 26.

be had and holden to the said Sir Thomas Lrigbe> and Thomas Speneer, their executors and assigns, for the term of forty years from the making the said letters patent, under the said annual relit of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen shillings, and eleven pence, and the several other payments issuing out of the premisses, therein particularly mentioned, amounting, in the whole, to the sum of twenty one pounds, seventeen shillings: and whereas his said late majesty King James the First, by certain other letters patent under the great seal of England, bearing date at Westminster the fourteenth day of August, in the fifth year of his reign, at the petition of William earl of Derby cousin and heir male of the body of the said Sir John de Stanley deceased, Henry earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth his wife, Graye Bridges lord Chandoys and Anne his wife, and Sir John Egerton knight, son and heir male apparent of Thomas lord Ellesmere then chancellor of England and Frances his wife (which AnnCy Frances, and Elizabeth, were the cousins and heirs of the said Sir John de Stanley) did grant to Henry earl of Northampton, and Robert earl of Salisbury, the said island, castle, pele, and lordship of Many and all the islands and lordships to the same appertaining, and all and Angular the royal regalities, franchises, liberties, and all other the rights, profits, and commodities thereunto belonging, in the same Tetters patent particularly mentioned and contained (except all those houses, fcites, circuits, and precinfis, formerly the mona-ftry and priory of Rujbinge and Douglas, and the fryers minors commonly called the Grey Fryers of Brymaken; otherwise By* maketi, and the re&ories and churches of Kirkecrifle in Shelding and Kirklovan, formerly to the said monastry of Rushing belong-'* ing and appertaining, and parcel of the possessions of the same, with their rights, members, and appurtenances, therein more particularly described) to be had and holden to the said Henry carl of Northampton, and Robert earl of Salisbury their heirs and assigns, of the said King, his heirs and successors &r ever, by the liege homage, and by the service of rendringsfwo/alcons in manner and form aforesaid; which said island tH*, and

}ordship of Man aforesaid, and all the iflar.oS^f^d lordships thereunto belonging, and other the premises befoto mentioned {except as before excepted) were granted, or mentioned to be granted, by the late King Henry the Fourth, to the said Sir John de Stanley, by letters patent, bearing date at Westminster the sixth day of April, in the seventh year of his reign; and the said King did also grant to the said Henry earl of Northampton, and Robert earl of Salisbury all and all manner of issues, revenues, and profits, of the said island, castle, pelc, and lordship of Alan* and all and singular the premises (except as before excepted) which had not been paid to the late Queen, or to his then present Majesty, without any account to be rendered to his Majesty for the same: and whereas by indenture inrolled of record, and made, or mentioned to be made, the eighteenth day of June, in the said seventh year of the reign of his said late majesty King James the

S+ First,

*4

Anno quinto GboUGII III. C. 26.

[1765*'

First, between the said King of the one part, and the said Robert earl of Salisbury lord treasurer of England, Henry earl of jNorthamp* ton keeper of the King's privy Teal, William earl of Derby9 Henry earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth his wife, Graye Bridges lord Chandoys and Anne his wife, and John Egerton knight and Frances his wife, of the other part, but not executed or acknowledged of record by the said William earl of Derby, the said Robert earl of Salisbury, Henry earl of Northampton, WiUtam carl of Derby, Henry earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth wife, Graye Bridges lord Chandoys and Anne his wife, John Egerton knight and Frances his wife, did give, grant, bargain, fell, surrender, and confirm, or were mentions to give, grant, bargain, felH surrender, and confirm, to the said King, his heirs and successors for ever, the said island, castle, pele, and lordship of Man, and all the islands and lordships to the same appertaining, and all and Angular the royal regalities, franchises, liberties, and all other the rights, profits, and commodities, thereunto belonging, in the same letters patent, and also in the letters patent herein last before recited, particularly mentioned and contained, and all their right, title, (late, use, possession, interest, claim, and demand whatsoever, in the said island, castle, pele, lordship, and premisses, or in any part thereof, to be had and holden to and for the use of the said King, his heirs, and successors, for ever and whereas his said late majesty King James the First, by certain other letters patent under the great seal of England\ bearing date at Westminster the twenty eighth day of June9 in the seventh year of his reign,

did demise, grant, and to farm-lett, to the said Robert earl of &?-lisbury, and Thomas earl of Suffolk, the said island, castle, pele, and lordship of Many with all their rights, members, and appurtenances, and all his islands, lordships, castles, monasteries, ab-bies, priories, farms, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatsoever, to the said island of Man appertaining or belonging, or situate, lying, or being, in or within the lame, with all and fln^ulac their rights, members, and appurtenances, and all and sing«Mr#the royal regalities, franchises, liberties, sea ports, and m ttfiftgp to port reasonably and duly appertaining; lands thentofore overflowed by, and then gained from, the sea, and reduced to dry foil; lands then overflowed by the sea, and which thereafter mould be gained and reduced to dry foil; hor mages, fealties, knights fees, wards, marriages, reliefs, escheats, forfeitures, waifs, goods and chattels of felons, fugitives, persons outlawed, attainted, condemned, and put in exigent; estrays, deodands, villeins, and naifs, with their issue; eftovers, and commons of eftovers; courts leet, views of frankpledge, courts baron, courts of admiralty, courts of portmote, leets, hundreds, wapentakes, and the perquisites and profits of courts, views of frankpledge, courts baron, courts of admiralty, courts of port-mote, and leets, and all that to courts leet, views of frankpledge, courts baron, and courts of portmote belonged, or thereafter could or ought to belong, wrecks of the sea, mines of lead and iron, quarries, fairs, fair day*, markets, tolls, and issues of fairs, /*ee custoipsj rights, ^urifdi&ons? franchises, privileges, manors.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 2 6.

vills, towns, castles, granges, messuages, houses, edifices, mills, bams, stables, dove-houses, orchards, fruiteries, gardens, tofts, cottages, curtilages, lands, tenements, meadows, feedings, pastures, demesne lands, glebe lands, leasows, wastes, heaths, moors, marlhes, ways, void grounds, paths, easements, woods, under-woods, wood lands and trees, and the foil and ground of the said woods, underwoods, and trees, tithes of com, grain, and hay, wool, flax, hemp> lambs, and all other tithes whatsoever, as well great as small, redories, advowsons, donations, and rights of patronage, of all and Angular hospitals, churches, vicarages, chapels, and all other ecclesiastical benefices whatsoever, oblations, obventions, fruits, profits, waters, water-courses, dreams, aqueducts, suits, fokes, multures, and also all and Angular forests, parks, chases, lawns, warrens, astarts, purpreftures, chiminages, pifearies, Ashings, rents, penflons, portions, frankfolds, turbaries, pools, fish-ponds, ways, passages, commons, rents, reversions, and services, rents charge, rents feck, rents of assize, and rents and services of tenants, as well free as customary, works of-tenants, annual farm rents, fee farms, annuities, neriots, fines, amerciaments, tolls, duties, anchorages, groundages, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, hereditaments, and appurtenances whatsoever, as well spiritual as temporal, situate, lying, or being, coming, growing, renewing, or arising, within the said island, castle, pele, and lordship of Man, or within the sea to the same island contiguous and adjoining, or within any other islands, lordships, peies, castles, farms, or lands, to the said island of Man apper- taming, or to the same or any of them appurtenant, incident, appendant, or belonging, or at any time heretofore had, known, taken, occupied, uled, demised, let, or reputed to be members, parts, or parcels of the same, and the patronage of the bishoprick of the said island of Man, and the patronage of the bishoprick of Sodor, and the patronage of the bishoprick of Seder find Man, and the temporaries of the said bishopricks, whenfo-ever they Should happen to be vacant, and the reversion and reversions^ remainder and remainders, of all and Angular the said islands, castles, peies, lordships, patronages of bishopricks, re&orics, forests, chases, parks, farms, granges, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatsoever, and of the rest of the premisses therein before demised, and every parcel thereof, dependant and expedant on any gift, demise, or grant, for term of life or lives, or years, or in fee tail or otherwise, of the premisses, or any part thereof, however made, or being of record, or not of record, and the rents and profits thereupon reservtd, or in any manner incident to the same, or any

S>art thereof (except the said hous?s, feites, circuits, and precincts, ormerly the monastery and priory of Rushing and Douglas, and the fryers minors of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, and the rectories and churches of Kirkeerijl in Sheldon and Kirkelovan, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurtenances, therein particularly described) to be had and holden, to the find Robert ear) of Salisbury, and Thomas earl of Suffolk, their execu-

tors

266

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 16. [1765.

tors and assigns, from the feast of Saint Michael the archangel then lad pad, for the term of twenty one years from thence next following, at and under the Yearly relit oftwenty shillings of lawful money of England: and whereas his said late majesty King James the Fird, by certain other letters patent under the great leal of England, bearing dateat Westminsterxht seventhday of July* in the seventh year of his reign, reciting the said letters patent herein lad before recited, did give and grant unto the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and James Stanley lord Stanley his son and heir apparent, all the said island, cadle, pele, and lordship of Many and all the idands and lordships to the same belonging, and all and singular the royal regalities, franchises, liberties, and all and singular other the premisses in the said therein and herein recited letters patent demised and granted, with all their rights, members, and appurtenances (except the said houses, feites, circuits, and precindls, and other the premisses in the said therein recited letterspatent excepted) and farther, that the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth h\s wife, and James Stanley lord Stanley, and the heirs and assigns of the said James, Should have, hold, and enjoy, within the said island, faille, pele, and lordship of Many and other the premisses, such and the like courts leet, profits of courts leet, views of frank pledge, courts of portmote, courts of admiralty, and every thing to all and every the said courts belonging, law days, assize and aflav of bread, wine, and beer, waifs, estrays, goods and chattels of felons, fugitives, felons of themselves, clerks convict or attainted, -traitors, or of those who being indicted of treason, murder, or felony, refuse to answer to the same according to the law and cullom of England, or Hand obstinately mute, or refuse to Hand to the judgement thereupon to be given, or of persons otherwise convicted or condemned, deodands, knights fees, wards, marriages, reliefs, efeheats, heriots, forests, chases, free warrens, parks, liberties of parks, wrecks of the sea, anchorage and groundage, and all other rights royal, regalities, jurisdictions, franchises, liberties, culloms, privileges, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, and hereditaments whatsoever, as well spiritual as temporal, as fully, freely, and intirely, and in as ample manner and form, as Sir William Le Scrope knight, Henry Percye earl of Northumberland, Sir John Stanley knight, or any of them, or any other person or persons thentofore had, held, used, or enjoyed the same, within the said island, calile, pele, and lordship, farms, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, and other the premisses therein before granted, or any part or parcel thereof, by reason or pretence of any charter, gift, grant, confirmation, or letters patent, from any Kings; or Queens of England, or of any act or acts of parliament, or of any lawful prescription, usage, or cullom, or of any other right or title whatsoever, and as fully, freely, and in as ample manner and form, as his said Majesty, or any of the former Kings or Queens of England, had and enjoyed, or ought to have had, used, and enjoyed, the said island, cadle, pele, and lordship of Many

farms,

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26.

farms, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and all and singular other the premises therein before granted, or any part or parcel thereof, to be had and balden, to and to the use of the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, for and during the natural life and lives of them and the survivor of them, and after their deceases, to and to the use of the Paid garnet Stanley lord Stanley, and his heirs for ever, of his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, for ever, by liege homage, and by the service of rendering to the said King two falcons once only; that is to say, immediately after the said homage done, and of rendering to nis said Maje^y's heirs. Kings of England, two falcons on the days of their coronations, in lieu of all other fer-Vices, customs, and demands; and the said King did moreover give and grant to the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and James Stanley lord Stanley, his heirs and assigns, all and all manner of rents, arrearages of relit, iflifes, revenues, and yearly profits of the said island, castle, pele, and lordship of JMMy and other the premises (except as before excepted) heretofore due, and not paid to his late dear filler Elizabeth late Queen of England, or to himself, or to any of his progenitors, to be by them received, without any account for the same: and whereas his said late majesty King Japes the First, by certain other letters patent under the great seal of England, bearing date ?t Westminster the second day of May in the eighth year of his reign, did give and grant to the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and the heirs of the said William* all those houses, feites, circuits, and precincts, formerly the monallry and priory of Rushing and Douglas, and the fryers minors commonly called The Grey Fryers of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, with all their appurtenances in the Island of Man, and all those his rectories and churches of Kirkecrijl in Shelding and Kirilova* with their appurtenances in the said Island of Man, formerly belonging to the monallry of Rt/Jbing aforesaid, and being parcel of the possesslons thereof, by a particular thereof extending to the clear annual relit or value of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen shillings, and eleven pence, over and above certain other payments in the said letters patent mentioned issuing the reout, /rnd amounting in the whole to twenty one pounds, seventeen shillings, and all and singular his monalleries, abbies, granges, lands, tithes, tenements, and hereditaments whatsoever, with all and singular their rights, members, and appurtenances, in the said Island of Man* and all messuages, mills, houses, edifices, buildings, bams, llables, dovehouses, orchards, fruiteries, gardens, lands, tenements, tofts, cottages, pools, fishponds, meadows, feedings, pastures, heaths, moors, marlhes, ways, void grounds, roads, paths, easements, woods, underwoods, coppice woods, woodlands, trees, fruits, profits, commodities, dreams, banks, rivulets, watercourses, aqueducts, pifearies, fithings, rents, avenues, and services, tithes of corn in (heaf, com in blade, grain, and hay, and all other tithes whatsoever as well great as small, oblations, obventions, hawkings, huntings,

frank*

Anno quinto GeoRG 11 III. C. 26. [ 1J651

frankfolds, turbaries, suits, fokes, multures, warrens, mines, quarries, rents and services as well of free as of customary tenants, relit charges, rents feck, and rents and services reserved upon any demises, or grants of the premisses, or any parcel thereof, works of tenants, annual farm rents, fee farms, curtoms, annuities, knights fees, wards, marriages, escheats, reliefs, aids, heriots, fines, amerciaments, courts leets, views of frankpledge^ perquisites and profits of courts and leets, and all that to courts leet or view of frankpledge belonged, or thereafter could or ought to belong, waifs, goods and chattels of petty traitors, felons, fugitives, persons outlawed, attainted, condemned, and put in exigent, and of those who being indicted of any petty treason, murder, or felony, shall Aand obstinately mute, or will not answer directly and justify themselves according to the law and custom of England, and of all persons convicted or attainted, e-strays, deodands, villeins and naifs with their issue, eftovers and commons of eftovers, fairs, markets, (tallages, tolls, duties, imports, rights, jurisdictions, franchises, liberties, curtoms, privileges, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, and hereditaments, with all and Angular their rights, members, and appurtenances, within the said Island of Man, to the said monafte-ries and priories of Rushing and Dowglass, and the fryers minors of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, and rectories and churches of Kirkecrift in Shotting, and Kirklovan, and other the premisses therein before given and granted, or to any parcel thereof, belonging, appertaining, incident, or appendant, and the reversioa and reversions of the same expedfant on any grant or demise for term of life or lives, or years, or otherwise, whether the same be of record or not of record, and all woods, underwoods, coppice woods, and trees whatsoever, growing and being in and upon the premisses, or any part thereof, and the land, ground, and foil of the same, and all rents and annual profits reserved upon any demise or grant of the premisses, or any part thereof; and also that the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and the heirs of the said William, Should have, hold, and enjoy, all such and the like courts leets, views of frankpledge, law days, assise and assay of bread, wine, and beer, waifs, ertrays, chattels of felons, fugitives, and persons put in exigent, deodands, knights fees, wards, marriages, reliefs, escheats, heriots, free warrens, hawkings, huntings, and all other rights, jurisdictions, franchises, liberties, curtoms, privileges, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, and hereditaments whatsoever, and as fully, freely, and intirely, as any abbot or prior of tho-said former monastery and priory of Rushing and Dowglas, and the fryers minors of Brymaken, otherwise Bymaken, or any other person or persons heretofore having, possessing, or being seised of the said monafteiy, priory, fryers minors, re&ories, churches, and other the premisses, ever had, held, used, or enjoyed, or ought to have had, held, used or enjoyed, the same, or any part thereof, by reason or pretence of any charter, gift, grant, Qr confirmation, by his said Majesty, or any of his pnceftors Kings or Queens of England7 or of any act or acts of parliament!

269

1765.I Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26.

liament, or of any lawful prescription, usage, or custom, or otherwise howsoever by any lawful means, right, or title, and as fully, freely, and intirely, as his said Majesty, or any of his laid ancestors, ever had and enjoyed, or ought to have nad and enjoyed, the same, and in as ample manner and form as the lame came, or ought to have come, to the hands of his said Majesty, or any of his said ancestors, by reason or pretence of the difiolution or surrender of any of the said monasteries or priories, or by reason or pretence of any act or acts of parliament, escheats, exchanges, attainders, or forfeitures, or by any other lawful means, right, or title whatsoever; to be had, holden, and enjoyed, to and to the use of the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and the heirs of the said William, for ever, of his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, as of the manor of east Greenwich m Kent, by fealty only, in free and common fbccage, and not in chief, or by knight service, at and under the yearly relit of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen shillings, and eleven pence, of lawful money of England, to be paid at the receipt of his Majesty* exchequer at Westminster, at the feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, by equal portions, in lieu of all other rents*, services, exactions, and demands whatsoever, and it was agreed, that the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, and the heirs of the said William, Should yearly and every year pay, or cause to be paid, the several sums therein mentioned, due and issuing out of the premisses, and amounting in the whole to the sum of twenty pouiids, seventeen shillings, yearly; and thereof should acquit, discharge, and save harmleis, his said Majesty, his heirs, and successors: and whereas by an act of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of his said late majesty King James the First, intituled An act for the efuring and efta- blishing of the Isle of Man, in order to continue the said if and, ca-file, pele, and lordship of Man, with their rights, members, and

gpurtenances, in the name and blood of the said William earl of erby, it was enacted, that the said William earl of Derby and Elizabeth his wife, for and during their lives, and the longer liver of them, and after their deaths the said James lord Stanley, and the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten, and after his death without such issue, Robert Stanfy second (on of the said earl, and the heirs males of his body lawfully begotten, and after his death without such issue, the neirs males oY the body of the said William earl of Derby lawfully begotten, and for default of such issue, the right heirs of the said Jama lord Stanley, Should and might for ever thereafter have, hold, and quietly enjoy, freely and clearly, against his said Majesty, his heirs and successors (by the tenures, rents, and services, therein after mentioned to be teferved) against Thomas lord Ellesmere lord* chancellor of England and Alice countess of Derby his wife, late the wife of Ferdinando earl of Derby deceased, and against Henry earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth his wife, Gray lord Chandoyt and Anne his wife, Sir John Egerton knight son and heir apparent of

270

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. i6. [1765.

the said Thomas lord Ellesmere and Frances His wife, and the heirs of the said Elizabeth, Anrte> and Frances, who were the only daughters and foie heirs of the said Ferdinando late earl of Der- fy, and to whom and their husbands the said William earl of Derby had paid divers sums of money for their claim, right, and title, to the said isle, castle, pele, and lordship of Man, as appeared by their deed, bearing date the fourteenth day of Febrtc-ary in the sixth year of his said Majesty's reign, whereby they had agreed to give their consents for the passing of an act of parliament, for the giving and extinguishing of such theirright, title, and interest, and against the heirs of the said Ferdinando late earl of Derby, and against Thomas Ireland esquire, his executors, administrators, and assigns, all the said isle, castle, pele, and lordship of Man, with the rights, members, and appurtenances, and all the then or late monastery and priory of Rushing and Douglas, and the fryers minors commonly called The grey fryers of Brymaken, otherwise Bymakeny with their rights, members, and appurtenances, and the rectories and churches of Kirkecrijle in Shelding and Kirkelovany with their appurtenances, and the patronage of the bishoprick and bishopricks aforesaid, and all other the hereditaments whatsoever granted by his said Majesty by his said several letters patent, the one bearing date the seventh day of July in the seventh year of his said Majesty's reign, and the other bearing date the second day of May in the eighth year of his said Majesty's reien, which last mentioned letters patent were made and granted during the then session of parliament: and it was further enacted, That neither the said lord Stanley, nor the said Robert Stanley, nor any of the heirs males of their bodies respectively nor any of the heirs males of the body of the said William earl of Derbjy Should have any power to alien, fell, or convey, the said isle, castle, pele, and lordship of Many and other the premises, or any part of them, from his or their issue, or other persons appointed by the said act to enjoy the same, but that the same Should remain and continue as by the said act is appointed; and that all gifts, grants, alienations, bargains, sales; conveyances, assurances, and acts done or to be done to the contrary (except as therein is excepted) Should be utterly void, and bf none effect: and it was further enacted, That neither the said act, nor any thing therein contained, Should extend or be construed to avoia, frustrate, abridge, impair, diminish, or prejudice, the (late, interest and term of years of Sir Thomas Leigh knight, and Thomas Spencer esquire, their executors, administrators, and assigns, of the messuage, lands, tenements, tithes, profits, hereditaments, and other things in the said isle of Many granted by the said letters patent, bearing date the seventeenth day of March in the third year of his said Majesty's reign, for the term of forty years; and that they and every or them Should and might peaceably and quietly, during the said term, have, hold, occupy and enjoy, the same, upon such yearly rents, reservations, covenants, provisoes, and agreements, as were mentioned and expressed in the said letters patent; saving to the archbishop of York and his

27*

*7^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26.

successors, all metropolitical jurisdiction in all points, and to all purposes of the bishopricks and diocese of Man in the said isle of Man, as is given, united, limited, and appointed, to the province and archbishoprick of York, by the said act of parliament made in the three and thirtieth year of the reign of the said King Henry the Eighth: and whereas his late majesty King Charles the Second by his letters patent, bearing date at Westminster, the twelfth day of February in the nineteenth year of his reign, did give and grant unto Charles earl of Derby (ion and heir of the said Jnmes lord Stanley afterwards earl of Derby deceased) all and all manner of mines royal of gold or silver, or holding gold or silver to such a proportion as, according to the laws 01 England, doth make the faipe a mine royal, situate, ly-r ing, and being, in the isle of Man, whether the same be opened or not opened; to be had and holded unto the said Charles earl of Derby, and to the heirs males of his body lawfully begotten, at and under the yearly relit and payment therein contained and expressed; which said grant, upon the failure of heirs male of the body of the said Charles earl of Derby by the death of James late earl of Derby, which happened on or about the first day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, expired, and the right of the said mines royal revelled in his then majesty. King George the Second, his heirs and successors: and whereas in and by one other act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the improvement of his Majesty's revenues of customs, excise, and inland duties, after laying several restrictions upon the fraudulent trade then carried on between Great Britain and the said Isle of Man, it was (for the better enabling his Majesty to prevent the said frauds and abuses) enacted, That it Should and might be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty'MreaAiry then or.for the rime being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, 00 the behalf of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and also, to and for the; right honourable James earl of Derby, his tenants, or assigns, the right honourable John lord Ashburnham ior and of behalf of, his daughter Henrietta Bridget Afbburnham an infant^ Bryan Fairfax 'quire, trustee for the said infant, or the survivo^of them, and all or any other person or persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under, the said earl, or any of his anceftpfs^to treat, contract, and agree for the absolute purchase or fajc, release or surrender to or for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of all or any estate, right, title, or interest, which he the said earl, his tenants, the said Henrietta Bridget Ashburnham, or such other person or persons then had or claimed, or could or might have or claim, in or to the said island or lordship of Man, or in or taall or any regalities, powers, honours, superiorities, jurisdictions, rights, privileges, duties, customs, revenues, profits, or other advantages whatsoever, in, over, or about the said island of Man, or its dependencies, for such sum or sums of money, or upon 2 such

272 Anno quinto GboKOI! III. C. 26. [*76 f*

such other terms or conditions, as they Should think fitting; and that upon the executing of such contrails or agreements by or on the behalf of the said earl, his tenants, the said Henrietta Bridget Ashburnham, or such other person or persons claiming or to claim under him, or any of his ancestors as aforesaid, or upon executing such other conveyances, assignments, feleases, or fur-renders, as in such contrail or contrails Should be agreed on for that purpose, it Should and might be lawful to and for the said of of the treasury then or for the time being, of any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, and they were thereby impowered, by and out of any monies arisen or to arise to his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc-ce/lbrs, of or for any customs, subsidies, impositions, or other duties, upon the importation or exportation of any goods of merchandizes whatsoever, already granted or payable, or thereafter to be granted or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in Great Britain, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, to order and direct the payment of such sum or sums of money, from time to time, as mould be so contracted or agreed on for such purchase or purchases, to such person or persons as, according to the terms of such contraAs or agreements, Should be intitled to have and receive the same: and whereas the most noble James }ate duke of Atholl, as right heir of the said James lord Stanley, on failure of heirs male of the body of the hid William earl of Derby by the death of the said James late earl of Derby, became seised to him and his heirs of the said island, castle, pele, and lordship of Man, and all other the premisses aforesaid, except the mines royal so reverted in the crown as aforesaid; and by a Certain indenture or deed of feoffment, with livery of fcifiri thereon indorsed, bearing date the fourteenth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the said late duke of Atholl of the one part, the right honourable John late cart of Dunmore, and the right honourable William now lord Mansfield, by the name and description of the honourable William Murray of Lincoln's Inn London esquire, and John Murray of the city of Edinburgh esquire (fmee deceased) of the other part, the said James duke of Atholl did grant, bargain, fell, alien, enfeoff, and confirm unto the said John earl of Dunmore, and William now lord Mansfield, and John Murray, all the said island, castle, pefe, and Iordship of Man, and all other the pretnifles therein and herein more particularly mentioned and described, except as before excepted; to be had and holden to the said John earl of Dunmore, William now lord Mansfield, and John Murray, their heirs and assigns fot ever, upon the trails, and to and for the intents and purposes, therein mentioned and declared, of and concerning the same; in which said indenture or deed of feoffment a power was reserved to the said James duke of Atholl, by any deed or deeds, or by his last will and teltament, executed and attested as is therein mentioned, to revoke and make void all and every or any of the said trails, directions, declarations, and

agree-

1765.] Anno cjuinto Georgii III. c. 26. 273

agreements, and to declare, limit, or appoint, any farther, other* or different trusts, uses, or directions thereof, or of so much thereof as Should be so revoked and made void, with or without power of revocation, as to the said duke Should seem proper: and whereas by indenture bearing date the fourth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and expressed to be made between the same parties as are parties to the fall recited indenture, the said James duke of Atholl, in pursuance of the powers in him verted, did revoke and make void sill and every the said trusts, directions, declarations, and agreements, contained in the said recited indenture or deed of feoffment of the fourteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven, of and concerning the said island, caf-tle, pele and lordship of Man, and all other the premisses; and did direct, limit, and appoint, that the said John earl of Dun-

Snore, William now lord Mansfitd, and John Murray, and their heirs and assigns* Should stand seised of the premisses upon stich other trusts, and to and for such intents and purposes, as therein are mentioned and declared of and concerning the same; in which said indenture was also reserved to the said duke of

Athol7, a like power of revocation, with authority to declare, limit, or appoint, any farther, other, or different trusts or directions of the same, or any part thereof, with or without power of revocation, as to him Should seem proper: and whereas by oneother indenture or deed of feoffment, with livery of seisin thereon indorsed, bearing-date the sixth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the said James duke of Atholl of the first part; the said William now lord Mansfield, by the name and description of the honourable William Murray of Lincoln's Inn in the county of Middlesex esquire his Majesty's attorney genera], of the second part, and the most noble Archibald late duke of Argyle, the right honourable David lord viscount Stormont, and John Sharpe of Lincoln's Inn in the county of Middlesexesquire, since decoded, of the third part; reciting (amongst other recitals therein contained) that proposals had, from time to time, been made to the said James duke of Atholl on the part of the King's majesty that then was, in order to purchase of the said duke of Atholl the said isle and territories of Man, and other the hereditaments, and premisses therein mentioned; and that the said duke, though, reluctant to aliea so honourable a principality from his family, had always been» ready to submit to his Majesty's will and pleasure therein, who had never proposed to purchase but upon paying a full and adequate consideration for the same; but that it was uncertain whether any such sale would be made of the said isle, hereditaments and premisses, in the life-time of the said duke of Atholl; and that therefore he the said duke was minded and desirous, that the same Should be settled, assured and conveyed, upon such trusts, and to and for such intents and purposes* as therein and herein after are expressed; the said James issuke of Atholl^ in pursuance of the powers reserved to him by Vol. XXVI. T the

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

the said last mentioned indenture, and of all other powers to him given in that behalf, did revoke and make void all and every the trusts, declarations and agreements, in the said indenture contained concerning the said isle, castle, pele, lordship and territories of Man, and all other the premisses as aforesaid 5 and further the said James duke of At boll, and also the said William now lord Mansfield, by the direction and appointment of the said duke, did grant, bargain, fell, alien, infeoff and confirm, unto the said Archibald duke of Argyle, David lord viscount of Stormont, and John Sharpe esquire, the said isle, castle, pele, lordship and territories of Man, with the rights, royalties, members, dependencies, jurisdictions and appurtenances thereof, or thereunto belonging, and all and singular other the hereditaments and premisses aforesaid, to be had and holden unto the said Archibald duke of Argyle, David lord viscount of Stormont, and John Sharpe, their heirs and assigns for ever, of our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, by the rents, tenures, suits and services, by which the said James duke of Atholl, and William now lord Mansfield, or either of them, then held the same; upon trust (among other things) after the de-ccafe of the said James duke of Atholl, that they the said Archibald duke of Argyle, David lord viscount of Stormont and John Sharpe, and the survivors of them, their nominees and assigns, Should, at any time thereafter, with the consent and approbation of the person or persons who, after the death of the said James duke of Atholl, Should, by virtue of the trusts therein expressed, be, from time to time, intitled to the acftual receipt of the rents, revenues and profits, of the said isle and premises (such person and persons being then of the age of twenty one years) sell and convey, or release and surrender the said isle, castle, pele, lordship and territories of Man, and other the trusted premisses (whereof no appointment Should have been made by the said John duke of Atholl in his life-time, pursuant to a power to him therein reserved and mentioned unto the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, for such price in ready money as they could reasonably get, and Should judge to be a proper equivalent and adequate confederation for the same 5 and Should, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, lay out and invert the money to arise by the sale and disposition thereof, in the purchase of lands of inheritance in that part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and after such purchase or purchases made, Should convey, settle and entail the lands so to be purchased, with all the proper prohibitive, irritant and resolutive clauses, so as the same might be effectually limited and unalienably intailed, as far as the rules of the law of Scotland would permit, to, upon and for, such persons, uses*, intents and purposes, as are therein declared concerning the same; that is to say, to the heirs male of the body of the said James duke of Atholl, remainder to the heirs female of the body of the said James duke of Atholl {the eldest heir female always succeeding without division, and excluding heirs portjoners) remainder to the most noble John now duke of Atholl,

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26.

by the name and description of John Murray of Strowan iri Scotland esquire, nephew of the said James duke of Atholl> and husband of the right honourable the lady Charlotte Murray, the only daughter then living of the said James duke of Atholl (now dutchess of Atholl and baroness Strange) and the heirs male of his body, with like remainders to James and George Murray e* squires, brother^ of the said John now duke of Atholl, successively, and the heirs male of their respective bodies, with divers other remainders over in tail male, remainder to the heirs and assigns of the said James duke of Atholl whatsoever, with power to the trustees (with the consent of the person or persons who would have been intitled to the receipt of the rents and profits of the premisses, in case there had been no sale) to place out the money arififtg by such sale on real securities in Scotland, or in any other part of Great Britain, or in the purchase of (locks in the publick companies, or in the publick funds, or upon go* vernment securities, and to call in and place out the same again upon new or other securities of the like nature, the yearly interest and dividends whereof Should be paid to such person or persons as, for the time being, would be intitled to be in the actual receipt of the rents and profits of the lands thereby directed to be purchased in Scotland, in case the same had been so purchased, settled and entailed as aforesaid; and with power also to the surviving trustees, in case of the death of any of them, to re-enfeoff other trustees to the same uses; and Like-wife with power to the said James duke of Atholl, by deed or will to be by him executed, and attested as therein mentioned, to revoke or alter all or any the uses and trusts therein expressed, of or concerning the premisses, or any part thereof, and to limit and appoint any new and further uses and directions thereof, as to him Should seem meet: and whereas by a certain other indenture or deed of feoffment, with livery and seisin thereon endorsed, bearing date on or about the twenty first day of No- vemherj which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and made, or mentioned to be made, between the said James duke of Atholl of the first part, the said David lord viscount Stormont of the second part, the said John now duke of Atholl of the third part, John Wood esquire governor and commander in chief of the said ide of Man of the.fourth part. Sir Charles Frederick knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, and Edmund Hoskins of Lincoln's Inn in the county of Middlesex esquire, of the fifth part, and the right honourable George earl of Aberdeen of the sixth part, reciting, that the said Archibald duke of Argyle Tend-John Sharpe, were both dead, and that several proposals had been made to the said James duke of Atholl for the purchase of the several rectories, impropriations, and tythes, within the said i(le, part of the traded premisses$ and that to facilitate the sale thereof, he was determined to revoke all the trusts of the said rectories, impropriations and tythes, declared by the said last recited indenture or deed of feoffment; and further reciting, that the said David lord viscount Stormont

T 2 had.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

had, with the privity and approbation of the said James duke of Atholl, nominated the said Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins, to supply the place of the said Archibald duke of Argyle and John Sharpe, in the execution of such of the trusts in the said last recited indenture as were not revoked, or intended so to be by the said indenture, he the said James duke of AtheU did reyoke, determine and make void, all the trusts before declared concerning the said re&ories, impropriations and tythes; and the said James duke of Atboll, and the said David lord viscount Stormont(by his direction and appointment, did grant and enfeoff the same to the said John now duke of Atholl, upon the trusts therein mentioned: and as concerning the said isle, lordship and territory of Man, and all other the premisses (other than the said rectories, impropriations and tythes) the said James duke of Atholl, and the said David lord viscount Stormont by his direction and appointment, did grant and enfeoff the same to the said John Wood, his heirs and assigns, to the intent that he and they Should re-enfeoff the same to the said David lord viscount Stor-front. Sir Curies Frederick and Edmund Hoskins, their heirs and assigns, upon the trusts, and for the intents and purposes, and Under the limitations in the said last recited indenture or deed of feoffment, of the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty six', declared concerning the same; in which said indenture Nyas fclfo contained^ further power of revocation: and whereas the said John Wood did, by a certain deed poll by him duly executed, bearing date the eighth day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, re-enfeoff accordingly the said isle, castle, pele and lordship, and other the premisses last mentioned, unto the said David lord viscount Stormont, Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins, and their heirs: and whereas the said James duke of Atholl departed this life on or about the eighth day of January in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, without revoking or altering the said last recited indenture of feoffment, leaving the said Charlotte (wife of the said John now duke of Atholl) now dutchess of Atholl and baroness Strange» his daughter ai)d only child; and thereupon they the said now duke and duchefsof Athotl became intitled to the said isle, castle, pele and territories of Man, and other the hereditaments and premisses (t)ie said rectories, impropriations and tythes excepted) under and by virtue of the said recited indentures of feoffment, and according to the estate and interest thereby limited to them respectively therein: and whereas a treaty having been set on foot between the right honourable the of of fiis Majesty's treasury and the said John duke of Atholl and Charlotte dutchess of Atholl and baroness Strange his wife, for the fair of their estate and interest in the said island and premisses, or suchu part thereof as Should be found expedient to vest in his Majesty for the publick service, they the said duke and dutchess did, in their letter bearing date the twenty seventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and addressed to' their lordships, inclose an abstract of the clear revenue of the

1765.] Anno cjuiato Georgii III. c. &6.

IJU of Man for ten years, from the year one thousand seven hun-prS& and fifty four, to the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, noth inclusive (a copy whereof is contained in the schedule annexed to this act) and did declare that they were ready, if it Should be deemed necessary for the publick service, to part with all their rights held under the several grants of the Vie of Man \ but apprehended, that the reservation of their landed revenue, together with the patronage of the bishoprick, and other ecclesiastical benefices in the island, could not interfere with the interest of the publick; and presumed, there could be no objection to their preserving the honourable distinction and service which their ancestors had so long enjoyed, and by Which they held their rights in this island, of presenting the two falcons at the coronation; and notwithstanding the difficulty of proposing a proper compensation (which might expose them to the imputation of making an unreasonable demand on the one hand, and of not doing Sufficient justice to their family on the other) yet, as the circumstances of the case had made it necessary, they did therefore hope, that neither his Majesty, nor the parliament, would think the clear sum of Seventy thousand pounds too gre^t a price to be paid them, in full compensation for the absolute Surrender of the isle, castle and pelcof Man, and all rights, jurisdictions and interests, in or over the said island^ iand all its dependencies, holden under the several grants thereof, or under any other title whatsoever, reserving only their landed property, with all their rights in and over the foil as lords of the manor, with all courts baron, rents, Services anti other incidents to such courts belonging, their wastes, commons and other lands, inland waters, fimtries and mills, and all mines, minerals and quarries, according to their present rights therein, felons goods, deodands, waifs, estrays and Wrecks at sea, together with the patronage of the bishoprick, and of the other ecclesiastical benefices in the Said island, to which they were then intitled, to be holden of the crown by the honourable service above-mentioned: and whereas by a certain contract or agreement in writing, bearing date the seventh day of March % in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and duly executed under the hands and Seals of four of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of the one part, and the Said duke and dutchess of Atholly Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins of the other part, the Said of of the treasury contracted and agreed with the said duke and dutchess of Awoll) and the said Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins their trustees, for the absolute purchase of the said island of Many with its dependencies, except as therein is excepted, for the said price or sum of Seventy thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid in the manner, and at the time, therein mentioned: ?nd whereas the said David lord viscount Stormont is now resident at Vienna, in the character of his Majesty's embassador extraordinary at that court; and whereas the (aia contract and agreement cannot be effectually established and

T 3 car-

*78 Anno cjqinto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

carried into execution, without the authority of parliament be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by thg au->nent fy^bi* ihority of the same. That from and immediately after the pay- Majesty into pent into the bank of England by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-the bank of cessors, in the names of the said John duke of Atholl* and Char-yo.ooool. on or )0^e duchess of Athott his wife baroness Strange, Sir Charles Fre-J76c7in the*' ^trici ar*d Edmund Hoskins, or the survivors or furviyor of them, names of the of the sum of seventy thousand pounds of lawful rponey of duke and Great Britain, free and clear of all taxes, impositions, fees, re-

& >var<*s and other deductions whatsoever, on or before the first

ChsuFrede- ^ay3*n Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun-ric and Edm. dred and sixty five (to be by them the said John duke of AtboEy Hoskins, and Charlotte his wife baroness Strange, Sir Charles Frederick and Edmund Hoskins; or the survivors or survivor of them, and the executors and administrators of such survivor, paid, applied, and disposed of, for the uses, intents and purposes, expressed and contained in the said indenture or deed of feoffment, bearing date the sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and Man, and the t*ie^>^and» castle, pele and lordship of Man, and

islands. See. all the islands and lordships to the said island of Man apper-thereunto ap- taining, together with the royalties, regalities, franchises, li-pertaining, berties, and sea ports, to the same belonging, and all other thee* hereditaments and premises comprized, mentioned and grant-

ed, in the said letters patent, bearing date respectively the sixth day of April in the seventh year of the reign of King Henry the Fourth, the twenty eighth day of June in the seventh year of the reign of King James the First, and the second day of May, In the eighth year of the reign of the same King James the First, and the said Statute or act of parliament made in the said eighth year of the reign of the said King James the First, and every enVbW in the or any t*ietn (excePtas herein after is excepted) shall be, and crown.*they are hereby, unalienably vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, treed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted and indemnified, of, from and against all estates, uses, trusts, intails, reversions, remainders, limitations, charges, incumbrances, titles, claims and demands whatsoever, from, by or under the said letters patent and act of parliament, and every or any of them, or from, by or under any other means, right or title whatsoever, as fully, freely and intirely, as if the said letters patent and act of parliament, and the estates, interests, hereditaments and premises therein, or in any of them comprized*, mentioned and granted, were herein again transcribed and repeated.

Cafoier's rp-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ccipt. testify- That the receipt or receipts of the proper clerk or cashier, clerks mfntof^she or ca*ers of T^e governor and company of the bank of Eng-said sum, land, under his or their hand or hands respectively, testifying the payment of the said sum of seventy thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by the said of of the treasury, or such person or persons as they, or any three of them, shall order

17^5.] Anno quin to Georgii III. c. 26. 279

III. Provided always, That the lands which shall be pur- or the land* chafed with the said sum of seventy thousand pounds, or any which shall be part thereof, pursuant to the trusts, intents and purposes, ex- purchased pressed and contained in the said indenture or deed of feoffment, therewith, bearing date the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred {be traftVex-and fifty six, and till-such purchase shall be made, the said sum pressed in the of seventy thousand pounds, or such part thereof as shall not deed of feoff-be so invested in the purchase of lands as aforesaid, shall be and m*nt of 6 A- continue subject to such and the same estates, interests, rights, tTbe^ubjca^ titles, claims and demands, and no other, as any person or per- to the same fons, bodies politick or corporate, had and enjoyed at the time estate*, &c. of the passing of this act, of, in, to or out of the said island, th castle, pele and lordship of Man, or any other the hereditaments "land#

and premisses hereby veiled in his Majesty, or could or ought to have had or enjoyed, in case this act had never been made.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further declared and en- Reservation of acted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act con- patronage, tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to vest in his a-nc? other Majesty, his heirs or successors, the patronage of the bishoprick \n\uc of the said island of Man, or of the bishoprick of Soder, or of crown;

the bishoprick of Soder and Man, or the temporalties of the said bishoprick or bishopricks, whenever it or they shall become vacant; or the right of advowson, patronage, presentation, collation, donation, nomination or free disposition, of or to any archdeaconries, caponries, prebends, colleges, hospitals, churches,

- chapels, rectories, vicarages or other ecclesiastical benefices or promotions whatsoever, within the said island, lordship and territory of Man9 or the dependencies thereof, or any hundreds, wapentakes, manors, towns, vills, churches, monasteries, ab-bies, priories, or the fates, circuits or precindls thereof, farms, messuages, houses, granges, tofts, cottages, curtilages, barns,

(lables, mills, dove-houses, orchards, fruiteries, gardens, lands, demesne lands, glebe lands, meadows, leasows, feedings, pastures, woodlands, woods, underwoods, copices, trees or the foil or ground thereof, wastes, void grounds, roads, paths, heaths, furzes, moors, marsties, mines of lead or iron or other base metals, colheries, quarries, inland waters; pools, fish ponds, watercourses, dreams, rivulets, aqueducts, rents, arrearages of relit, relit services, relit charges, rents feck, rents reserved, annual farm rents, fee farm rents, rents of assize, annuities, her-

T 4 riots,

Go< e

Anno quinto Georoti III. c. a6. [1765.

riots, fervipes or works of tenants cither free or customary, rectories, tythes or impropriations of tythes either great or small, predial, personaj or mixed, portions Of tythes, pensions, oblations, obventions, commons, frankfblds, eftovers, commons of efloters, turbaries, ways, passages, easements, forests, parks, Jibertie6 of parks, chases, lawns, warrens, asserts, purpreftures, chiminages, hawkings, huntings, pifcaries, fishings, fairs, fair days, markets, Callages, tolls, multures, waifs, eftray s, deodands, wrecks of the sea, assize or assay of bread, wine or beer, fealties, reliefs, escheats, forfeitures, goods and chattels of traitors, felons, clerks convict, fugitives, persons convicted, attainted, condemned, outlawed, put in exigent or {landing mote, suits of tenants, courts baron, profits or perquisites of courts baron, fines, amerciaments or any thing to courts baron appertaining, or any profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments or appurtenances, spiritual or temporal, to the said referred and exceptedvpremisses, or any of them, belonging, incident, appendant or in any wise appertaining, or any interest therein m possession, remainder or reversion within the said island of Man, or any of the iihnds and dependencies to the same belonging; but that the same, and every part thereof, ishall stand and be fully and dearly excepted apd reserved out of this act, and all and every the provisions herein contained; and shall be, remain and continue, veiled in such and the same person and persons, for such and the lame estate or estates, and to and for such and the fames uses, intents and purposes, as if this act had never been but to be held made; and shall be ho|den of his Majesty, his heirs and fucr norivVer-0* c*9«r*f by the said honorary service ot rendering to his Maje-vice; fry's heirs and successors, &ngs and Queens ot England, two

falcons on the days of their respective coronations; and at am) an<1 Si un5^er the said yearly relit of one hundred and one pounds, fifteen killings and eleven pence, to be paid at the receipt of 5*his Majesty's exchequer at WeslmtnJltr, in manner and form a*

foresaid.

fublick aft.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken, to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as fuph, by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever.

THE

L E

lis Act.

ears, from the Year 1754 to the Year

Clear Revenue of the Abbey Temporalties.

The Income of Lands in the Hands of the Lord of the Isle, including the Relit of Calf JJU.

Total.

*754

*755

1756

757

758

759 76c

*76i i

*76a

*763

I 215 101 6 6 i 7.905 17

1215.98 2 2 6, 967 18

I 215 97 18 8 6, 785 4

1215 102 11 7.270

1215 99 6 8 7.70 6

X 215 1079 1 10, 091 12

121535 4 2 9, 606 18

1215 106 8911, 596 10

1215 107 898, 486 9

1215 107 899, 204 8

7

z

5

10

5

4

5 1

3

9

I 1, 217 |Q| I 1.063 I91 5 I 85.08; 61 6

6 Mankst £. 7 Shanks makes £. 6 ey, 72, 930 5 7 which, at a Me-

J

[To face Page 280.

t7$5*l Anno quinto GEORGII III. c. 27.1 281

CAP. XXVII.

fin aB to provide for the administration of the government> in case the crown Should defend to any of the children of his Majesty, being under the age of eighteen years 5 and for the care and gudrdianship of their persons.

Most gracroas Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty* from a tender concern for your Preamble, faithful subjects, and anxious defers to provide for every possible event which may ajfeft their future happiness or security* hath been gracioush pleased to communicate from the throne to both houses of parliament9 that your Majesty's late indisposetion [which filled the prcafes of all your subjects with the mofe alarming apprehensions) had led your Majesty to confeder the fetuation in which your kingdoms and your family might be lefty if it Should please God to put a period to your Majesty's life* wrnlfe your successor is of tender years; and that the high importance of this subject to the publick safety* good order and tranquility, the paternal affeHion which your Majesty bears to your children and to all yoitr people, and your earnefe defere that every precaution Should be taken which may lend to preserve the confeitution of Great Britain undifeurbed, and the dignity and lujire of its crown unimpairedy had determined your Majesty to lay this weighty bvfeness before your parliamentto whosemost Jerious deliberation your Majesty was pleased to recommend the making fiuh provisions as would be necessary* in case any of your children shoidd fiicceea to the throne before they Jboula respefftvely attain the age of eighteen years 5 and to this endy your Majesty was atfo pleased to propose to their considera-tion, whether under thp present cir cum fiances* it would not be expedient to vejl in your Majesty the power of appointing* from time to time* by mfiruments in writing under your sign manual* either the Queen or arty other person of your royal family, usually refeding in Great Britain, to be the guardian of the person of fiuh successor* and the regent of these kingdoms* until fiuh successor Jbdll attain the ago of eighteen years \ subjtfl to the like referiftions and regulations as are specified and contained in an act pajfea upon a similar occasion* in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty your royal grand-father; and that the regent Jo appointed Should be ajfefeed by a council of regency y to be established by authority of parliament: and where-as in return for this paternal goodness* expressed in so early and provident a care for an event so truly deplorable* and being filled with the mofe cordial sense of duty and gratitude to your Majesty* for the tender concern and regard which your Majesty has always, and now more especially, demonfirated for the happiness of your people* and thelafeing Security of their religiony laws and liberties* we have taken this important bufeness into our mofe serious confederation; and being justly alarmed at the unhappy fetuation in which these kingdoms and your Majesty's royal family would be lefty in case it Should please Almighty God to put a period to your Majesty's inestimable life (for the long and glorious continuance of whish we offer up our daily and mofe

fir-

iSi

Power veiled In his Majesty of appointing, from time to time, by three instruments

Under his sign manual, a

in case the crown shall descend to any of his children being under the age of eighteenyears.

Such guardian to have the care of and manage, ment of the tuition of the person of such minor.

and to execute the office of regent of the kingdom

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27.' [1765.

fervent prayers to heaven) before your royal successor Jbatt be of fuffid-ent years to support the weight of government; and being likewise thoroughly convinced of the wisdom and expediency of what your Majesty has thought fit to propose upon this weighty occasion, are fully and zealously determined to contribute every thing in our power to the firm and lasting establishment of the protestant succesifion, as settled by the laws of the land, in your Majesty's royal family, the aufpici-out encrease of which we consider as the bulwark of our civil and religious liberties, and the pledge of perpetual security to the laws and eonfiitution of Great Britain: we therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjetfts, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whensoever and as often as the imperial crown of this realm (halTdefcend to his royal highness George Augufius Frederick prince of the eldest fonof his present Majesty (whom God long preserve) or to any other of the children of his present Majesty, now born or hereafter to be born, if at the respective times of such defeent, his said royal highness George Augufius Frederick prince of Wales, or such other of the said children iuc-ceeding to the crown as aforesaid, shall be under the age of eighteen years, such person (subject to the restridHons herein after-mentioned) as his present Majesty, by three instruments under his royal sign manual, revocable, from time to time, at his will and pleasure (toi>e sealed and deposited in such manner and with such person as herein after-mentioned) shall nominate and appoint, shall be the guardian, and have the care, tuition and education of the person of his said royal highness George Augufius Frederick prince of Wales, or such other successor as aforesaid, until his said royal highness or such other succestbr shall have attained his or her respective age of eighteen years; and that such guardian shall, till his said royal highness, or such other successor, shall have attained such respective age, have the disposition, ordering; and management, of all matters and things relating to the said care, tuition, and education! and that such person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall, during such time as his said royal highness George Aitgu/lus Frederick prince of Wales, or such other successor as aforesaid, shall respectively be under the said age of eighteen years, and no longer, have full power and authority, in the name of his said royal highness, or such other successor, and in his or her (lead, and under the stile and title of Regent of the kingdom, to exercise and administer, according to the laws apd constitution of Great Britain, the regal power and government of this realm, and of all the dominions, countries, and territories, to the crown of Great Britain belonging; and shall user, execute, and perform, all prerogar tives, authorities, and acts of government, and administration of government, which belong to the King or Queen of this

- reaim

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. Q.if.aS$

realm to use, execute, and perform, according to the laws thereof; but in such manner, and subject to i such conditions, restrictions, limitations, and regulations, as are herein after for that purpose specified, mentioned, and contained.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-^to^rity aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of being so no- ther minated and appointed to be guardian and regent as afore- Queen, or said, other than and except her present Majesty our most graci- pnncefs

ous Queen Charlotte his Majesty's royal confort, or her royal Wjdwforone highness Augusta princess dowager of Wales, or other than and of^ede-except some one person of his Majesty's royal family, descended fcendants of from the late King his Majesty's royal grandfather, whose usual the late Kinfo residence, at the time of passing this act, shall have been, and from thenceforth, until such nomination and appointment, shall Brftaiii. continue to be, in Great Britain. A number in

III. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful succession, by for his Majesty to nominate and appoint, in and by such instru- ^7^ jnents as aforesaid, any number of persons, under the restrictions aforesaid, (as to his royal wisdom shall seem meet) severally to be nominated succeed each other in the guardianthip and regency aforesaid, by to succeed1 in way of substitution, in case the person or persons first nominated

and appointed shall happen to die, during such time as his said royal highness, or such other successor as aforesaid, shall respect but no more tively be under the age of eighteen years; but so as that no than one per-more than one person shall at any one time be intitled to such fonrm?y^guardianship and regency as aforesaid.*°"e

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- And any such said, That no person so nominated and appointed to be guardian persons are and regent as aforesaid, shall be capable of succeeding to, or holding disqualified to such office ofguardianand regent, unless the usual residence of such jjans andre-person, from the time of such nomination and appointment, to the gents by nontime of his or her succeeding to such office of guardian and re- residence,

!rent, shall continue to be in Great Britain; and in case any person shall become so disqualified by non-residence as aforesaid, or in case any person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, who shall have succeeded to, and shall be in the actual exercise of, the said office of guardian and regent, shall not afterwards continue to be resident in Great Britain; or in case any person so or by marnr-nominated and appointed to be guardian and regent as afore- a papist. said, shall at any time marry a papist; then, and m every such case, such nomination and appointment of the said person shall cease and determine in the same manner as if such person were naturally dead.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said three instruments of nomination and appointment be- Inftniment* ing sealed up under three several covers with any seal which his Majesty shall think (it to make use of for that purpose, shall^C each be sealed also with the several seals of the archbishop of King's seal; Canterbury for the time being, of the lord chancellor or lord and the seals keeper or the first commissioner named in any commission then

fub* terbpry, lord"

2

i84 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27: t17^5*

chancellor, fuHiding for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain for

and president tjlc t; mc ^ing^ and Of the president of the council for the time dlj atad^to be bring; and one of the said instruments shall be lodged and de-severally de- posited in the hands of the said archbishop for the time being, posited with another in the hands of the said lord chancellor or lord keeper them*or gjft commissioner for the custody of the great seal for the time being, and the third in the hands of the said president of the Bat upon the council for the time being: and if his Majesty shall be willing to rcvo*cc or alter his nomination or appointment made as afore-such inftrn- laid, and shall by three writings, under his hand and seal, re-ments by the quire the said inftrirments so deposited as aforesaid, to be delivered* up to some person or persons thereby authorized to receive the same, then, and in such case, the persons with whom the said instruments shall be deposited as aforesaid, and every of them, and in case of the deaths of any of them, their executors and ad-aainiftr&tors respectively, and every other person in whose custody any of the said instruments shall happen to be, shall deliver up the same accordingly; and in case the said archbishop of Canterbury, or the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or first commissioner for the custody of the great seal, or the said president of the council, shall die, or be removed from their said offices, before the re-delivery of such instruments as aforesaid, the persons so removed, and the executors and administrators of the person so dying, and every person in whose custody such instrument shall happen to be, shall deliver the same with all convenient daring fp*lto the foccessor or facceflors of the person so dying or be-facn minority, ina removed: and after the demise of his Majesty, whensoever the privy and as often as such successor or successors respectively shall be 2?"$1 % Under the age of eighteen years, the said three persons, their exe- the Sidudbu- cutors or administrators, and all other persons in whose custody ments to he the said instruments shall then be, (harl immediately bring the same before the privy council then existing, which it is hereby enacted shall be forthwith, on such demise, assembled; and such instruments shall be there opened and read, and presently afterwards inrolled in the high court of chancery:

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the said persons with whom the said instruments shall be so deposited, or any of their executors or administrators, or any other person having the custody thereof, shall open any of the said instruments in the life of his present Majesty,

JKjngi or death of any of the depo-fitaries, they re to be delivered Up}

as likewise.

In case of te-mova! of any of the (kid officers of statej

and on the demise of the

there produced and read.

Person guilty of opening any of the said instru* ments, without his Majesty's order.

or refuting to without his Majesty's order; or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to deliver up the produce and deliver the same to the privy council; every per-i to the

(kme privy council^ incurs the penalties of premunire. One of the in

son so offending, neglecting, or refuting, shall incur the pains and penalties of premunire inflicted by the Statute of premunire made in the sixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^om*"|sbc: That if all the said three instruments shall not be produced ber deemed effec- forc the ^d Pr*vy council as aforesaid; then any one or two of tual to give the said instruments so produced, shall be effectual to give such guthprity to aytho-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27., 285

authority as aforesaid to the person and persons successively there- the person no-in respectively named.ated re-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Xu rt-That all alts of regal power, prerogative, government, or admi- gal power, nistration of government, of what nature or kind soever, which 3?ne other-shall be done or executed by any King or Queen so succeeding

as aforesaid, under his or her respective age of eighteen years, autlwrityof during the regency established by this act, otherwise than by and the regent, with the consent and authority of the said regent, in the manner, declared void, and according to the dkedtions of this act set forth and preferred; shall be absolutely null and void to all intents and purposes.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Council of That in order to assist the said regent in the administration of the government, there shall be, dunng the time that such successor or successors respectively shall be under the age of eighteen years, a council to be called The Council of Regency, which shall consist of their royal highnesses his Majesty's brothers Edward

Augustus duke of York and Albany, William Henry duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh, prince Henry Frederick, and prince Frederick William, and his royal highness his Majesty's uncle William Augustus duke of Cumberland (the said prince Henry Frederick and prince Frederick William to be members of the said council of f

regency when they shall respectively attain the age of twenty one

!rears, and not sooner) and also of the persons and officers fol-owing; that is to say, the archbishop of Canterbury for the time being; the lord chancellor or lord keeper, or the first commissioner named in any commission then subsisting for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being; the lord treasurer of Great Britain, or the first commissioner named in any commission then subsisting for executing that office for the time being; the lord, president of the council for the time be- brother^or ing; the lord privy seal for the time being*the lord high ad- his uncle, miral of Great Britain, or the first commissioner named in any shall die, dur-commission then subsisting for executing that office for the time being; the two principal secretaries of state for the time being; £r □nd the lord chief justice of the court of King's or Queen's Bench minated re* for the time being: and if it shall happen that all or any of their gent on hit said royal highnesses Edward Augustus duke of York and Albany, a

William Henry duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh, prince Henry b*8 3 Frederick, prince Frederick William, and William Augustus duke of mints under Cumberland, shall depan this life during the reign of his present his sign ma- Majesty; or if any of them shall be nominated and appointed nu* by his Majesty, to be the said regent of the kingdom immedi- aJWore^aid, ately on the demise of his Majesty, while such successor shall be and revocable under the age of eighteen years; then, and in any of such cases, at pleasure, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by three in- jW aPpo'mt'strumeots under hi* royal sign manual, revocable at his will and p^nto*!* pleasure, from time to time, to nominate and appoint some one of thecouncilj person, being a natural born subject of this realm, to be a member of the said council of regency, in the room or place of each and every of their said royal hignnesses so dying, or being con-

(touted

2 86

and such instruments of nomination

Anno quinto GE6ft6lf III. c. ij. [ iy6$*

stituted immediate regent as aforesaid; which laid three last mentioned instruments shall be sealed up and deposited in thtf same manner, and with the same persons, as is herein before directed with respect to the three first mentioned instruments. which shall contain his Majesty's nomination and appointment of the regent aforesaid; and the person and persons with whom are to be pro- the said three last mentioned instruments shall be deposited, their dDn!ed1to.executors and administrators, shall respectively keep, dispose of, on^MDoundL anc* Pr°duce the same unopened, in such and the same manner, to such and the same persons, at such and the same times and places, and under such and the same penalties, as are herein before specified, directed, and enabled, with respect to the said three first mentioned instruments, which shall contain his Majesty's nomination and appointment of the regent aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said council of regency shall, from time to time, meet and fit as the said regent for the time being shall be pleased todireft j and that any five of the said council, but not any less number, being so assembled, shall be sufficient to act as such council of regencyj and all acts to be done by a major part of the council so assembled, shall be deemed to be acts of the council of regency, excepting in such particular cases, wherein it is otherwise provided by this act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said regent for the time being, before he or she shall act or enter upon the said office of regent, or within one calendar month after, shall take the following oath of office] that is to say,

I A.B. do fobntily promise and /wear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of regent of the kingdom of Great Britain, according to an act o] parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Thirds intituled An act to provide for the administration of the government, in case the crown Should defeend to any of the children of his Majesty, being under the age of eighteen years, and for the care and guardianmip of their persons; and that I will adminifier the government of this realm, and of all the dominions thereunto belonging, according to the laws, customs, andfiatutes thereof; and will in all things, to the utmost of my power and ability, consult and maintain the safety, honour, and dignity, of his or her (as the case shall require) Majesty, and the j welfare of his or her (as the case shall require) people.

So help me God.

and each of the members of the said council of regency, and their successors, shall, before they shall respectively aft in or enter upon their respective offices as members of the said council, take the following oath of office] that te to say.

The council is to meet as the regent shall directi and five (where it is not otherwise specdally provided) may aft.

An oath of office is to be taken by the regent]

and by each member of the council,

i

A.B. do fohmnly promise and swear, That will truly and faithfully serve his or her (as the case shall require) Majesty in the

office

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 487

office of one of the council of regency, established by an act of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to provide for the administration of the government, in case the crown Should descend to any of the children of his Majesty, being under the age of eighteen years, and for the care and guardianship of their persons; and that I will duly and faithfully execute the said office, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act \ and that in all matters and things, which shall be moved, debated, and considered, in the council of regency, I will truly and faithfully declare my mind and opinion, according to my heart and conscience, and the best of my judgement; and will support, maintain, and defend the person, honour, crown, and dignity, of his or her (as the case shall require) Majesty, to the ut-mofi of my power.

So help me God. tobeadm-inr:

ftered by the

Each of which oaths shall betaken before the privy council then privy council, in being, who are hereby required and impowered to administer and entered the same, and to enter the same in the council books. boolu.COUnCl1

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The regent That the said regent for the time being, and every person who and council shall be of the council of regency, by virtue of this act, and of <luahfy the powers hereby given, shall be deemed and taken to be persons for officM#and having andexecuting offices or places of trust within England, and places of trait, take and subscribe such oaths, make and subscribe such declaration, and do all such acts as are required by the laws and Statutes

of this kingdom, to qualify persons to hold and continue in offices and places of trust, within such times, and in such manner, and under such pains, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, as in and by the said laws and Statutes are required.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enactedjby the autho- The regent rity aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said regent for the taking and time being, to take and subscribe the said oaths, and make and subsenbing subscribe such declaration, in and before the privy council, and decl tien the certificate of his or her having received the sacrament of the before the Lord's supper in any of the royal chapels, signed by the person privy council 5 administering the lame, shall be registered in the said privy and receiving council; and such taking and subscribing the said oaths, and* making and subscribing the said declaration, and taking the said royai chapels, sacrament, shall be to all intents and purposes as effectual, as if

the same had been taken, made, and subscribed, in the manner now required by law, for the qualification of persons to hold and continue in offices and places of trust.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, upon his Ma^ That whensoever his present Majesty f whom God long preserve) jesty's demise, shall happen to demise, leaving such luccefloras aforesaid under during the the-age of eighteen years, the privy council for the kingdom of Great Britain in being at the time of such demise shall, with all the privy to* convenient speed, assemble, and cause such next successor, in- council is titled to the crown of Great Britain, by virtue of an act of the mef twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third (intituled, SccSSrto

be proclaim*

d, pursuant to a a 1a

W. J.

upon pain of incurring the penalties of high treason.

The consent of the majority of five or more of the council is necessary to make good all creations, pardons,

Sifts, grants, s ifpontions, instructions, orders, or authorities.

The recent disabled to make war or peace; to ratify treaties; or to prorogue, adjourn, or dif-solve the parliament, without the consent of the majority of the council. Nor may the regent give the royal assent to any act for altering the succession to the crown, as established by act ii W. 3.

Anno quinto GeoUQH HI. C. 27; f

An act for the further limitation of the crown* and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject) to be openly and solemnly proclaimed in the usual manner in Great Britain and Ireland; and that all and every member and members Of the said privy coitfi-cil, wilfully neglecting or refusing to cause such proclamations to made, shall be guilty of high treason, and suffer upon conviction thereof pains of death, and all other lodes and forfeitures, as in cases of high treason.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the creation of all peerages of Great Britain at Ireland, in the pardoning of all crimes of high treason, and in the gift, grant, and disposition, of all archbishopricks and bishopricks in England or Ireland and of the offices of lord chan* cellor, or lord keeper, or of for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain or Ireland, of Lord treasurer or trea-farers of the exchequer, or of for executing the office of treasurer of the exchequer, of lord president of the council, lord privy seal, lord high admiral, or of for executing the office of lord high admiral, the principal secretaries of date, master of the rolls in Great Britain and Ireland, and of all the judges of the courts of King's or Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and barons of the courts of Exchequer in England and 7r/-fandi and of the judges of the court of Session, court of Justiciary, and barons, of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, and in the giving instructions, orders, and authorities, for the making any treaties with any foreign powers; the consent of the said council of regency, or the major part of any five or more of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall be necessary to make the said creations, pardons, gifts, grants, dispositions, instructions, orders, or authorities, good and effectual.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said regent for the time being, to make war or peace; to ratify any treaty with any foreign power; or to prorogue, adjourn, or dissolve* any parliament, without the consent of the major part of the whole council of regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal number in Great Britain; and if the number then in Great Britain, shall be an equal number then, v without the consent of one half part of the said council; and that the said regent for the time being, either With or without the consent of the said council of regency, shall not give, or have power to give, the royal assent to any pill or bills ip parliament, for repealing, changing, or in any respect varying from the order and course of (uccefliop to the; crown of this realm, as the same (lands now established in the illustrious house of Hanover, by the said act of the twelfth year of the reigq of King William the Third, (intituled An act for the fyrtfor limitation of the crown, and better Jfccuring the rights and li forties of the subject) or to any a £t for repealing or altering the a# made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles. the Second (intituled An act for the tint* fortuity of publick prayers* onitidmimfiration of sacraments^md other

rites

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 2

rites and ceremonies; and for establishing the form of makings ordain- or for repeal-ingy and consecrating, bishops, priejlsy and deaeons, in the church of& ^a^ing EnglandJ or one act of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne9 Car. 2° 13 made in Scotland (intituled An act for securing the protestant rdi- or of 5 Ann*. presbyterian church government.)

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- Members who

rity aforesaid, That the archbishop of Canterbury, or any other are appointed person appointed by this act to be of the said council of regency, of t!?e counin virtue or by reason of his dignity or office, shall continue no^thd^d?1-6 longer of the said council than he shall continue in such his said °n y eor dignity or office, and his succesiTor in such dignity or office shall are to be no become one of the said council; and that the lord chancellor or longer of the lord keeper, or first commissioner for the custody of the great the^contlniie seal for the time being, the lord treasurer or first commissioner in such digni-of the treasury for the time being, the lord president of the ty or office, council for the time being, the lord privy seal for the time be- Great officers ing, the lord high admiral or first commissioner of the admiralty o^the

for the time being, and the two principal secretaries of state for council, are to the time being, so appointed to be of the said council of regency continue in by this act, shall continue in their said respective offices, after their offices, such descent of the crown.to any of the children of his Majesty, J, n case of th during the time that such King or Queen shall respectively re-crown during main under the age of eighteen years, as well after as before the such minori? expiration of six months from the time of such descent, unless ty, for fix removed by the said regent for the time being, with the consent m°ntJis a^ter; of a major part of the whole council of regency then in being, by consent and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal of the majo-number in Great Britain; and if the number then in Great Bri- rity of the tain shall be an equal number, then with the consent of one halfcounci1$ part of the said council; or upon the address of both houses o^rdTof both parliament, in which latter case the said regent for the time be- houfls of paring alone may remove any of the said officers against whom such liament. address shall be presented.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That the archbishop of Can- Archbishop of terbury for the time being*, and the lord chief justice of the court Canterl>uiy, & of King's or Queen's Bench for the time being, notwithstandingi0^ ceh^ their remaining in such dignity and office respectively, may be j£incVBench removed from being of the council of regency by the said regent for may be re-the time being, with the consent of the major part of the coun- moved, in

cil of regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in case there hke manner, shall then be an unequal number in Great Britain > and if the council* number then in Great Britain shall be an equal number, then as a!so any 0-with the consent of one half part of the said council; or upon the ther members address of both houses of parliament; and that any other of the who aie not members of the said council not so appointed in virtue or by fu"h inUvirtue reason of their dignities or offices, may be removed likewise by their dig-the said regent for the time being, with the like consent; or up- nities or of-on the address of both houses of parliament; and within two fices* calendar months after such descent of the crown as a fore said, in case any vacancy or vacancies of any of the said offices shall hap- vacancies jiv pen then to be, and within the space of two calendar monthsthe council, Vol. XXVI. U after

290 Anno quirlto Georgii III. c. 27.

[176$,

by removal, after every vacancy which shall happen by means of such remo-death, or re- or by the death or resignation of any member of the said gnation, council of regency, or by any such member's succeeding to the office of regent, or by the death of either of their said royal high-nesses prince Henry Frederick, and prince Frederick William, un-fice of regent, der aSe twenty one years, the said regent for the time be-or by death of ing shall and is required, with the consent of the council of re-

the King's -

younger bro thers, being under age,

up within two months, by the regent and council.

Rights of the privy council reserved; and the regent impowered to (um

gency, or the major part of those present, not being less than five, to fill up such vacancy by the appointment of a new officer, where the vacancy happens by the death, removal or resignation, of one of the members of the said council so appointed in virtue or by reason of his dignity or office; or by the appointment a new mcm^cr of ^e said council, being a natural-born subject of this realm, where the vacancy happens by the death or removal, or resignation of any member, not being one of the officers named in this act, or by any such member's succeeding to the office of regent, or by the aeath of either of their said royal highnesses prince Henry Frederick, and prince Frederick William, under the age of twenty one years, or by the resignation or removal of the archbishop of Canterbury, or of the lord chief justice of the King's or Queen's Bemhy from being of the said council of regency.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall take away or prejudice the rights, authorities, powers, and jurisdictions, of the privy council; but the said regent for the time being shall have full power to summon and hold, or to cause the same to be mon and hold summoned and holden, in the usual manner; and any of the the same as members of the said council of regency may be and continue of uf^al 5.the privy council also.

of the Cre-

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

gency may be That whensoever, and as often as, the crown shall defeend to also of the such successor as aforesaid, being under the age of eighteen years,

privy council. in case a parliament shall be then in being, which shall have met JZ crown anc* ^at» parliament shall continue for three years, from to a minor, the time of such descent, unless such successor, to whom the the parliament crown shall defeend as aforesaid, shall sooner attain his or her then in being age of eighteen years; or such parliament shall be sooner difforthreetinUC Solved by the said regent for the time being with the consent of years; unless a major part of the council of regency, then in being, and in such successor Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal number in shall be sooner Great Britain, and if the number then in Great Britain shall be

ftlcifpariia- an e(lua* num^er> t*lcn w, t^ <*>nfent of one half part of the ment be dif- said council; and in case at the time of such descent, there shall be no parliament in being, which shall have met and fat, then the lait preceding'parliament shall immediately convene and fit at Westminster, and be a parliament to continue for three years as aforesaid, to all intents and pumoses, as if the same had never been dissolved; unless such successor shall sooner attain his or her age of eighteen years, or such parliament shall be sooner

dif-

solved by the regent with consent of the council; but if there shall be no parliament then in being, which shall

i

765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 2?* 291

dissolved by the said regent for the time being, with such con- have met, and

sent as last mentioned. {at,.the Pre'

ceding parliament is to convene, and fit for three years j except as before excepted.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Successor toThat his royal highness George Augufiui Frederick prince of crown» tValej, in case the crown shall descend or come to him before his nor^s^ot'to age of eighteen; or any other of the children of his Majesty, to be married whom the same shall c{efcend before his or her age of eighteen during such years; shall not, during such regency, be married to any pef- minority, ion whatsoever, without the consent of the said regent for the^of the retime being, and of a major part of the said council of regency gent and then in being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be Council;

an unequal number in Great Britain, and if the number then in on Pa, n °^he Great Britain shall be an equal number, then without the con- and

sent of orte half part of the said council; and every marriage so the persons had without such consent, shall be null and void to all intents concerned and purposes; and every person who shall be adding, aiding, a- ther*in in-betting, or concerned m obtaining, procuring, orbringing a- penalty of bout, any such marriage, and the person who shall be so bjgh treason. married to such King or Queen, under the age of eighteen years,

shall be guilty of high treason, and suffer and forfeit as in cases of high treason.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, r f That in all cases where the members of the council of regency CqUabty of* shall be equally divided in their voices, the said regent for the voices in the time being shall and may decide and determine the question or council, the matter concerning which they shall be so equally divided, if stich?gent lsto regent shall be pleased to give his or her own opinion thereupon, the

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, consent of a

That in all cases where the consent of a major or one half part majority, or of the said council of regency then in being, and in Great Bri- one halfpart iain> is by this act made necessary to the validity of any act, ciHsmade" matter, or thing, such consent shall be signed by the respective necessary to members giving such consent in the council books; and that a the validity of clerk or clerks of the council of regency shall be appointed by any act»the the said regent for the time being; and such clerk or clerks shall there-provide books for entering the acts of such council, and shall to are to sign enter the same duly and faithfully, and shall keep the said books, the same in and shall be answerable for the same; and such clerk or clerks, the council before he or they enter upon the execution of their said office, Qcrk of the shall take an oath before such council, for the due execution of councji to t* such office or place respectively. appointed

by the regent; and take an oath of office.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All commis-

That all commissions, letters patent, orders, matters, and things, (ions, Sec. to to be made, passed, had, Or done, by the said regent for the or

time being, either with or without the consent of the said coun- ordmof ^o-cil of regency, in order unlawfully to set aside, change, or vary vemmentfet-the order and method of government, and administration of tied by this government settled by this act, during the time that such succes- during

U 2 for

292

the minority of the successor, are declared void; and the persons concerned therein incur the penal ties of premu-nire.

[Preamble.]

The high court of chancery impowered to order the placing out occasionally, upon government Securities,

So, 0001. out of the general cash in the bank belonging to the suitors of the court;

and to change the securities as shall be expedient; the interest to be received

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1765.

for or successors respectively shall be under the age of eighteen years, shall be absolutely null and void to all intents and purposes; and every person advising, concurring, promoting, or assisting the rein, shall incur the pains and penalties of Premu-nire inflicted by the said Statute of Premunire.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon government securities, a sum of money therein mentioned* out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court -, and to apply the interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the income of the masters of the said court.

WHEREAS by an aR of parliament, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First intituled An act for relief of the suitors of the high court of Chancery, it was, amongst other things enacted, That all the money and cash then deposited in tbs Bank, or that Should at any time thereafter be paid into or deposited in the bank, on the account of the suitors of the court of Chancery, or any of them, or by order of the said court, Should be accounted and taken to be one common and general cash, and Should be promifcuoujly issued and ijfuable vJhen and as the court of Chancery Should dir eft, for the answering, paying, and clearing, the debts and demands of any of the suitors of t he said court: and whereas, from many years experience, it hath been found, that there always hath been, and there now is, a very large sum of money, belonging to the suitors of the court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the bank: and whereas the offices of the masters in the court of Chancery are very ancient, and are offices of great trust and consequence to the suitors of the said court; and the profits belonging thereto are not adequate to the attendance, trouble, and importance, of the said offices: wherefore, in order to make a further provision for the said offices, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of the cash that now lies, or shall hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the bank of England, belonging to the suitors of the court of Chancery, a sum not exceeding eighty thousand pounds shall and may, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, to be made for that purpose, from time to time, be placed out in one entire sum, or in pareels, on such government or parliamentary securities, as in and by such order or orders shall be directed; to the intent that the interest and annual produce, arising from the money so to be placed out as aforesaid, may be applied for the purposes herein after mentioned; and that the said court of Chancery may, by order or orders of the said court, from time to time change the security or securities on which the said monies shall be so placed out as the said court shall think expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That the interest and annual

pro-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 29.

produce arising from the said securities shall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and placed to the credit of an account to be raised in the books kept there for the suitors of the said court of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of this act; and that out of such interest and annual produce there shall be paid, by half-yearly payments, by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of Chancery to be made for that purpose, the annual sum of two hundred pounds to each and every of the eleven of the masters in ordinary of the said court of Chancery, free from parliamentary taxes; which said annual sums shall commence from the fifth day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and that the residue of the interest and annual produce arising from the said securities, shall be accounted for, and taken, as part of the common and general cash of and belonging to the suitors of the said court of Chancery; and shall be issued and applied pursuant and according to the directions of the before recited act of parliament.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if, at any time hereafter, the whole, or any part of the said sum of eighty thousand pounds, shall be wanted, to answer any of the demands of the suitors of the said court of Chancery, then, and in such case, the said court may and shall direct the same, or any part thereof, to be called in, or the securities on which the same shall be placed to be disposed of, in order that the suitors of the said court may, at all times, be paid their respective demands, out of the common and general cash belonging to such suitors.

293

and accounted for by the bank 5

and001. per annum to be paid thereout half yearly, by an order of court of Chancery, to each of the eleven masters of the court 5 to commence from 5 Jan.765 } the surplus money to go to, and be accounted as part of, the general cash of the luitors. If the whule, or part of the sum so placed out to interest, shall be wanted, the court may call in the same, &c. that the suitors demands may be paid.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for repealing the duties new payable upon raw silk imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof \ for allowing a drawback on the exportation of raw or thrown silk to Ireland, and for prohibiting the exportation of raw flk from Ireland.

WH E RE AS the throwing offilk has, till of late, been carried prcamyc# on to a very considerable extent in this kingdom, and has employed many thousands of poor persons of both fexesy and all ages: and whereas the lessening the duties nozv payable upon the importation of raw silk, would be an encouragement to the said bufwefs of throwing of silk in this kingdom: therefore we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous of encouraging the manufactures carried on in this kingdom, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the promaudaf-

U 3 twenty ter4 June,

*94

I76$» the duties now payable on raw silk imported to cease j

and the following duties to take place in lieu thereof j

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 29.

[17 65.

twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the several rates, duties, subsidies, and impositions, payable upon the importation of raw silk into Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from apd after the said twenty fourth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the following duties shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in lieu of the said former duties* that is to say,

Viz. on raw For every pound weight of raw (ilk imported into Great Bri-silk, 24 oz. to tain9 each pound containing twenty four ounces, the sum of onehse P°jjnd »r shilling and three pence.

lib. 1 PCf And for every pound weight of thrown silk imported into On thrown Great Britain, each pound containing sixteen ounces, the sum silk, 16oz. to of six pence; over and above all other rates and duties by any /It J&Uadcrfd a<^ or a<^s Par^ament imposed thereupon.

tional to all

other duties.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The said du- That the several duties by this act granted, shall be raised, levied, leaed°ar^Ca°l* co^e(^ec^> Pa^> arK* applied, in such manner, and for the same plied, an aP" purposes, as the duties hitherto payable upon Italian raw (ilk as the duties have been raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied; and all upon Italian provisions of or in every ad, law, or Statute, now in force, for raw silk, &c. raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties by this act repealed, shall be in full force, and shall be put in execution, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to'all intents and purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

A drawback

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-of is per hb. rity aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day allowed on Gf June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, upon the ofrawfilkto exPortat*on to Ireland of any of the said commodities, withii* j Ireland; th/e timp allowed by law, for which the duties chargeable by this

ad shall have been first paid or secured, there shall be allowed a I and the whole drawback of one shilling, and no more, upon every pound of theaddi- weight, containing twenty four ounces of such raw silk, so ex-on°hrown Portec^i anc* of the whQle of the said additional duty on such silk, thrown silk so exported; which respective drawbacks shall be

made or allowed according to such rules and methods, as drawbacks are allowed by any law now in force relating to the customs.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority be exported10 aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of from Ireland, of June % one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no raw silk on penalty of shall be exported from Ireland, upon pain that the same, toge-forfeiture ther with thje ship, boat, or vessel, upon which any such raw the^efTe^and^a* cxPortec*» dipped, or laden to be exported, and all furniture) ^er £uns> tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited, and fee. # shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs or revenue

iq

295

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 30.*

in Ireland y one moiety of all which forfeitures shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same $ to be recovered in such and the like manner as any forfeiture, incurred by any laws of the ., revenue, may be sued for and recovered, in the kingdom of Ire- ft£r anj1

crew

land; and that the matter and mariners of any such ship, boat, assistant, to or vessel, wherein any such offence shall be committed, know- be committed, ing such offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the rein, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be imprisoned for the space of three months without bail or mainprize.

CAP. XXX.

An act for more effectually /applying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed callicoesy and other goods of the produSl or manufacture of the East Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain \for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom; for the better supply of the export trade thereof -9 and for discontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corny grainy malty mealy and floury from thence to the l(le of Man.

WHEREAS he exporting to Africa coarse printed callicoesy.

Vy and other goods of the product or manufacture of the EastFrcam e* Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, which are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain, and also certain East India goods called Cowries and Arangoes, is very beneficial to the trade of this kingdom: and whereas it may happeny that the quantity of such goods imported from the East Indies by the united company of merchants of England trading thither, may not always be sufficient to answer that purpose, and to keep the price of such goods in fhis kingdom at a reasonable rate: be it therefore enacted by the East India King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con- im-

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this port from a-present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, broad such That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven coarse printed hundred and sixty five, in every such case, it shall and may be^1^8^ lawful for the said united company of merchants of England |ood* ofth* trading to the Eqfl Indies, and their successors, to import into growth or Great Britain, in British ships navigated according to law, from manufahure any part of Europe not within his Majesty's dominions, such the Eat*n-quantities of the said goods, being the product or manufacture^f b/ktfor of the East Indies, as they shall think necessary for the African the African trade, subject to the same duties, and to the same rules, regula- trade 5 tiens, and restrictions, in all respects, as are prescribed and practised with respectcto such goods imported by them from theuP°n Bast Indies $ so as notice be first given to the of of ^, "1 duties

U 4 his 1

t$6

and giving notice to the treasury.

and obtaining a licence from them.

Tfthev shall notfurnish the market with a sufficient Tap-ply of such goods at rea-lonable prices,

the treasury may grant licences to other Persons,

they paying one half of the old subsidy on importation j

and lodging the goods in the King's warehouses; but to have no drawback;

and to give security on exportation.

Unrated goods, im-portedby virtue of the last* mentioned licences.

to pay duty according to the price and value, as ascertained upon oath j

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 30. [1765.

his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, of the quantities and species of goods so intended to be imported, with the name of the ship and matter in which the same are to be laden; and taking a licence under the hands of the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said high treasurer for the time being, for the lading and importing thereof as aforesaid, which licence they are hereby authorized and impowered to grant to the said company, without any fee or reward, or any other charge; any law, custom, orufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further by enacted the authority aforesaid, That if the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall at any time neglect or refuse €0 keep this market supplied with a sufficient quantity of such goods at reasonable prices, to answer the African trade, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said high treasurer for the time being, if he or they shall think proper, to grant licences to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to import such goods into any port of Great Britain, from any parts of Europe not within his Majesty's dominions, in such and the like manner, and under such restrictions and limitations, as are herein before prescribed and directed, with respect to such goods to be imported by the said united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies; and that the goods, so imported by virtue of such last mentioned licences, shall be liable to the payment of one half of the old subsidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, which shall be paid down in ready money, and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the same goods; and such goods shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured in such warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any three or more of them for the time being, shall direct and appoint; and shall not be delivered out of such warehouse, otherwise than on condition to be exported to Africa only, under the like security, regulations, and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as East India goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, are liable to by law.

III. Provided also, That in case such of the aforesaid goods as are not rated in either of the book of rates, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, or in any other ad, of parliament, shall be imported, by virtue of the last mentioned licence, by any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, except the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the price and value of such unrated goods shall be ascertained by the oath or affirmation of the importer, by the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are prescribed by an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of

King

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 30. 297

King George the First, intituled An act for rating fuelV unrated, pursuant to goods and merchandizes as are usually imported into this kingdom 11 ^c0' lp and pay duty ad valorem, upon the oath of the importer; and for ascertaining the value of all goods and merchandizes not inserted in the former or present book of rates; and for repealing certain duties Upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duty upon apples \ and for ascertaining the method of admeasuring pictures imported; and the half of the old subsidy shall be paid for such goods, according to such price and value; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And, in order to promote and encourage the importation of bugles into this kingdom, to be exported from hence to foreign parts, and to ease the merchants and dealers therein from the difficulty of paying or securing the full duties for such goods Apter f junc when imported for that purpose; be it further enacted by the, 76St bugles*authority aforesaid, That no duty or customs whatsoever shall may be im-be paid, or secured to be paid, for any bugles which shall beim- ported upon ported into this kingdom, from and after the first day of June, ^Ifof the one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; other than one half 0\& subsidy. of the old subsidy granted by the act of tonnage and poundage passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Se- without any cond, which shall be paid down in ready money, and shall not drawback be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the J-^n.exporta* same goods; provided such bugles shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured in such warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, as the of of his Ki^rware- Majesty's customs, or any three or more of them for the time house, being, shall direct and appoint$ and shall not be delivered out of such warehouse but upon the following conditions; that is to ^itglvins say, if such bugles, or any pan thereof, shall be delivered for exportation; exportation to foreign parts, the same shall be subject to the like security, regulations, and restrictions, as East India goods, pro- ^mccon hibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, are now liable to by fUmption" law; but if such bugles, or any part thereof, shall be taken out in order to be used in this kingdom, the person or persons so the full duty it taking out the same, shall first pay up the remainder of the du- then to be ties which would have been due and payable upon the importa- Paid* tien of such goods into this kingdom; and they shall, in all other respeefs, be liable to the same restrictions and regulations, as they would have been subject and liable to if this act had not been made.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That jf they fl^u if such bugles shall not be either exported, or the full duties paid not be export-for the same, within five years from the importation thereof, but «d, or the full shall then continue and be dill remaining in the said warehouses; ^paid

in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said commission- year^n. 5 ers of the customs for the time being, or any three or more of the commis-them, to cause the said bugles, so remaining, to be publickly Goners of the sold by audfion, or inch of candle, to the best bidder; and the msr^ay money arising by such sale to be applied, first, in discharge of pub-

the said duties and the expences of such sale 5 and the overplus, lick sale, and

if

deduct the duties and charges.

Bugles imported before a June, 1765, for which duties were paid

being duly warehoused, are to be allowed the drawback on exportation, &c.

Bugles imported after the said 1 June, not being warehoused,

are to pay full duties, subject to the Commissioners of the costoms impowered to grant licences at any time before 5 July, next, for importation f rom the i(le of Man, of rum, brandy, iron, gunpowder, and East India goods,

&c. proper for the African trade, which were imported there before 1 March 1765 i

due notice being first given them of the Quantities and species, &c. and oath made Such goods to pay only

Anno quinto Georg u III. c. 30. [ 17^5.

if any, to be paid to the importer or proprietor of such bugles* or other persons authorized to receive the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons having in his or their custody, any bugles, imported before the said first day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, for which the duties have been paid or secured according to law, who shall, on or before the said first day of June, bring and deposit, or cause to be brought and deposited, such bugles, in such warehouse as shall be approved of by the commissioners aforesaid for that purpose, shall thereupon be repaid and allowed, by the collector or other proper officer of the customs at the port where such bugles were imported, all the duties which such bugles would be intitled to draw back upon the exportation thereof, in the same manner and form as if such bugles were actually exported: and the same shall be liable to the same rules and regulations as they would be liable to, by this act, if they had been warehoused upon their first importation.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of June, every person importing any bugles into Great Britain, which shall not be warehoused in the manner herein before directed, shall pay down in ready money all the several duties due for the same, subject to the usual discounts j any law, custom, orusage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

usual discounts.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of the customs in that part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, at any time before the fifth day of July9 next, but no longer, to grant licence without fee or reward, it\ such cases as they shall think proper, to any person or persons, to import into any port in England from the isle of Many in Brit tish ships navigated according to law, any quantity of rum, brandy, iron, gunpowder, cowries, arangoes, and such coarse printed calicoes, of theprodudt and manufacture of the East Indies, as are tfit and necessary for the African trade, which were imported into the said isle of Man before the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; so as notice be first given to the said of of the quantities, species, and package of such goods, so intended to be imported, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the ship and master in which the same are intended to be laden, and the port into which they are intended to be brought; and proof be made by oath of the proprietor (or if the proprietor be a Quaker, by his affirmation) and by the oath of one other credible person, of the time when the goods, for which such licence is desired, were imported into the said isle of Man.

of the time of importation.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the goods so imported, by virtue of such licence, shall not be liable to the payment of

v any

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 30. 299

any customs or duties whatsoever, other than one half of the one half of old subsidy granted by the act of tonnage and poundage, passed the old subsidy in the twelfth year of the reign of Charles the Second, which shall be paid down in ready money, and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the same goods; and that all such goods, except gunpowder, shall, upon land- and to be ing, be immediately lodged and Secured in such warehouses be- warehoused longing to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, as the said uP°n landing of of the customs shall direct and appoint; and that, all gunpowder, so imported, shall be immediately lodged and ^wde^n* secured in such warehouse or magazine as shall be provided at cured, the expence of the proprietor of such gunpowder, and approved of by the said of, under the joint locks of the King and the said proprietor; and upon entry of any of the goods of

aforesaid, the licence granted for importing the same shall be the licence to delivered up by the master, or other person taking charge of the be delivered vessel, to the collector or other principal officer of the customs UP» at the port of importation, to be by such officer transmitted to the said of of the customs to be cancelled: and the e N

said goods shall not be delivered out of such warehouse or ma- commission-gazine in which they shall be secured as aforesaid, otherwise than era. on condition to be exported to Africa only, under the like securities, regulations, and restrictions, penalties and forfeitures, as cx^rtation. East India goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain aie liable toby law; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

A. Provided always, That the said one half of the old subsidy for such of the goods aforesaid, as are unrated in either of the Unrated goods books of rates made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, or in any other act of parliament, shall be paid to pay accord-according to the price and value of such goods, to be ascertaining to the ed by the oath or affirmation of the importer, by the like rules, pncc an<* Tt' regulations, and prescriptions, as are prescribed and practised by law for other unrated goods imported into this kingdom.

XI. And whereas it is proper, that the bounty payable in From and af-Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances payable in Ire- tcr 1 J^nc> land, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, ^unty upon exported to the isle of Man, Should bediscontinued; be it there- exportation fore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the of corn, See. first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no th*isle of bounty (half be allowed or paid for any sort of com, grain, malt, di^ntiiiued. meal, or flour, which shall be entered for exportation from Great Britain to the isle of Man; and that no bounty or allow- of

ance shall be allowed or paid for any sort of corn, grain, malt, jnc^dcdln meal, or flour, which shall be entered for exportation from Ire- the bonds to land to the said isle; and that the said isle of Man shall be added be given on to and included in the bond, which is now by law required to exportation to be given upon the exportation of such corn, grain, wait, to parts be! meal, or flour, to parts beyond the seas. youd the sea

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein

300 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 31.

[176^.

Right* of the in contained, shall be construed to prejudice such right and pri-East India vileges as are given to the united company of merchants of Eng-serv«?.ny rC" trac^ng to the Indies, by the charter granted by his late majesty King William the third, in the tenth year of his reign, otherwise than is herein before contained.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person Limitation of or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the de-a ions. fendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the ge-

[General issue.]

nera^ l^ue* anc^ S*ve a<^ anc^ t^ie Special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue hisadion after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall rp.1. recover treble costs; and have the like remedy for the lame, as defendants have in other cases by law.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to discontinue^ for a limited tim^the duties upon wheat and wheat flour imported; and also the bounty payable on the exportation of wheat and wheat flour.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the discontinuing of the duties, for a limited time, upon wheat and wheat flour imported into this kingdom, may be of advantage to his Majesty's subjects, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the parting this act, Duties discon-no subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition whatsoever tinued upon shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon any such wheat wheat or wheat flour, which shall be imported into this kingdom flouras^iall at any time or times before the twenty fourth day of dugufly be imported one thousand seven hundred and sixty five \ but that all such before 24. Au- wheat and wheat flour shall and may be imported, brought in gust, 17655 and landed, duty free; and may also be carried coastwise, un-and the same der such regulations as corn of the growth of this kingdom is allowed to be now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all times before the said earned coatt- twenty fourth day of August \ any former law, Statute, ad or W1 e* acts of parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

t II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-t* madeoft0 Ntyaforesaid, That a due entry shall be made, in such manner fiichimporta- an^ form as were used and practised before the making of this lion, ad, of all wheat and wheat flour which shall be imported, or

brought into this kingdom, before the said twenty fourth day of AugujU at the custom-house belonging to the port into which on {penalty of the same shall be imported or brought in; or otherwise in default Sutiof^makinS entry> fuc^ wheat and wheat flour shall be liable and subject to such and the same duties, as were payable upon

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 32. 301

on the importation thereof before the making of this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ifl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person a&lons* or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act, in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and General j"ue* give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover Trcbje co^g treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law; and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before whom such action or suit shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act on his defence; and if the pursuer shall not insist on his action, or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defender shall r.nd may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or suit. coSed for

IV.And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a rime upon, from and after the passing of this act, no bounty shall be allow- all wheat ed or payable, upon the exportation of wheat or wheat flour r whea* from Great Britain, until and after the twenty fourth day of Stallrbe August next. ported from Great Britain.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to enable his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to prohibit the exportation of uleat, wheaten meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and Jlarch, during tie next reccfs of parliament, at such time, and in such manner, as the ne- ceffity of the time may require, and he, in his wisdom shall think convenient and needful.

WHEREAS the prices of wheat, wheaten meal, flour, p* bread, biscuit, and starch, are at present very high, andmam e* may become higher, to the great prejudice of his Majesty's subjects, if not timely prevented; may it therefore please your majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, during the next recess of ^d dur-parliament, by and with the advice of his privy council, from i, g the next" time to time, as often as the price of wheat shall be at fix (hii- necefs of par-lings per bushel, or upwards, at the market at bear key, to pro- liament, with

hibit

oi

the advice of his privy council,

to prohibit by proclamation, the exportation of wheat, &c. from Great Britain or Ireland, when the price thereof at Bear Key, shall be at 6s. per bushel $ and if any shall be exported contrary thereto the same is forfeited $ with 20S. per bushel for such wheat. &c. and i id. per lib* for such bread, &c.

together with the vessel, &c. to be recovered in the several courts within England.

Scotland.

and Ireland.

and the matter and crew to be committed.

Arty officer of the customs, or other person authorized by the treasury, may make such seizure, &€.

Anno quirito Georgii III. c.

[176^,

hibit the exportation from Great Britain or Ireland, any sort of wheat, wheaten meal, flour, bread, biscuit, or (larch, as his Majesty, in his great wisdom, shall think convenient and needful, and as the necessity of the times may require, and in such manner as his Majesty shall think fit to direct; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said commodities that shall be exported, shipped, or carried out, within any of the times appointed by his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, by his royal proclamation for prohibiting the exportation thereof during the next recess of parliament, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel of wheat, wheaten meal, or flour, and twelve pence of lawful money of Great Britain for every pound weight of bread* biscuit, or (tarch, and so in proportion for any greater or left quantity, which shall be so exported, shipped, or put on board to be exported; and also the ship, boat, or vessel, upon which any of the said commodities shall be exported, (hipt, or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited; and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same: and for offences that shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called England, such penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or before the justices of assize, or at the great sessions in Wales^ of by information at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and in such fuitno essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by rtdtion, or summary bill or information, in the courts of sessions or exchequer in Scotland: and for offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed: and that the master, and mariners of any such ship, boat, or vessel* wherein any such offence shall be committed, knowing such offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the reunto and being thereof duly convicted in any such courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the space of three calendar months without bail or mainprize.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, being an officer or officers of the customs, or being lawfully authorized in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take or seize all such of the said commodities not allowed to be exported by this act, or by his Majesty's royal proclamation, or such order of council in

pur-

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 32. 303

pursuance of this act, as he or they shall happen to find, know or discover to be laid on board any ship, or other vessel or boat at sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, transported or conveyed out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this act; and also the ship, vessel or boat, in which the same shall be found 5 and to bring the said goods to the King's warehouse or warehotifes, belonging to the custom-house next to the place where such seizures shall be made, or to some other safe place (where there are no such warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to law; and in case of recovery, to be divided according to the directions of this act.

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein Provisions ne-contained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation, or car- ^(fary for a rying out, of such or so much of the said commodities as shall tolP8

be necessary to be carried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels, in their respective voyages, for the sustenance, diet and support of the commanders, matters, mariners, passengers or others, in the same ships or vessels only; or for the victualling or for victual-or providing any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships fog the King's or vessels in his Majesty's service; or for his Majesty's forces, or forts or garrisons; anything herein contained to the contrary rifons, except-notwithstanding. ed;

IV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- and such also tained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to ship as shall be carer put on board any of the commodities aforesaid, to be carried ried coastwise, coastwise; that is to say, from any port, creek or member of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other port, creek or member of the same respectively, having such or the like having a fuf-coast coquet or sufferance for that purpose, and such or the like fe£urity being sufficient security being first given for the landing and discharg- given for the* ing the same in some other, port, member or creek of the said due landing kingdoms, and returning a certificate in six months, as is requir- thereof, ed by law in cases where goods, which are liable to pay duties a^erttficate112 on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of Great within fix Britain to another, and not otherwise. months

V. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein and except contained, shall not extend to any of the said commodities such^shall be which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or an§0fro^l° from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, Great Britain or from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar, or unto any of and Ireland his Majesty's islands or colonies in America, that have usually reciprocally, been supplied with any of the said commodities from Great ^V^heBrii' Britain or Ireland, for the sustentation of the inhabitants of the titfvplanta-- said islands, colonies or dominions, or for the benefit of the tiens so Arae-British fishery in those parts only; so as the exporter do, before nca,

the shipping or laying on board the same, declare the island, BritishifiAe-colony or dominion, islands, colonies or dominions, for which the said commodities are respectively designed; and do become the exporter bound, with some other sufficient security, in treble the value there- declaring the of, to the of or chief officer or officers of his Ma- P^5e,

y which the

jesty s

J04 " Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1765.

same are in- jesty's customs belonging to the port or place where the same tended, shall be shipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby pow-fec«ntVing cr to ta^e securityn ^is Majesty's name, and to his Ma-ecun jesty's u(e) that such commodities shall not be landed or fold in

any parts whatsoever, other than the kingdoms, islands or co-and returning ionics, for which the same shall be so declared; and that a cer-a certificate in tificate under the hand and seal of the collector, comptroller or due time. other chief officer of the customs, or, if no such, of the naval officer, or some other principal officer of the port where the same shall be landed, shall, within the respective times herein after for that purpose mentioned (the danger of the seas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the said bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the same shall be so declared; and for the taking of such security, and giving such certificates (which the respective officers aforesaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or re-Officer grant- ward shall be demanded or received; and if any officer (halt make any false certificate of any such commodities being so landed, such officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and lose his employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office relating to the customs: and if any person shall counterfeit, rafe or falsify, any such certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased, or false certificate, he shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds;

ing a false certificate, forfeits 100l. and is also in capacitated;

and persons forging or falufying a

certificate; or an(j such certificate shall be void, and of no effect: which said

knowingly publishing such, forfeit aoo 1.

penalties, for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be recovered in the same courts, and in the same manner, as the other penalties inflicted by this act are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the high court of Admiralty, or in any other chief court of civil or criminal jurisdiction in such respective colonies, plantations or dominions; and shall be divided into moieties between his Majesty and the informer: and the said bond or bonds, if not prosecuted within three years, shall be void.

VI. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to

prohibit the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies from exporting any of the said commodities

to any of their forts, factories or settlements, for the support of

ments abroad, the persons residing the re; so as the like security be given, for

are also ex- the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be given by

cepted, upon p^ons carrying any of the said commodities to the British cogiving cun y, jQnjes in jmeriC(Jt

and such as

VII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con-are exported tained, shall not extend to any wheat to be transported out of from South- or from the port of Southampton only, unto the islands of Jersey fcy and anc* Guernsey, or either of them, for the only use of the mha-Guernsey, for bitants of those islands; so as the exporter, before the lading of the use of the such wheat, or laying the same on board, do become bound, gWing^curi ot^er ^uc^ent security (which the customer or comptroller

ty, Of

Provisions sent by the East India company to their settle-

3°£

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 3 j.

of the same port hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's flame* and to his Majesty's life, and for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken) that such wheat shall be landed in the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or one of them (the dangers of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, and rchlfnft<| as is herein before required on the exportation of the said com- a certificate % modifies to the British colonies in America^ and within the time for that purpose herein after mentioned \ and so as the quantity and so as the of wheat, which, at any time or times after the passing of this quantity do act, and before the first day of October^ shall be shipped at the not exceed said port for Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, as afore- ^000<luai e*said, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand quarters; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afo'resaid, Rcfum to be That the commissioners of the customs for the time being shall, made by the and they are hereby required to give a full and true account, in of writing, to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of the botlf houSea next session thereof, of all wheat, wheaten meal, flour, bread, of parliament biscuit, and (larch, that shall, before that time, be exported to of the quanti-any place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of thetics exported* liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purpose;

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority a fore fa id, Limitation of That all certificates of the landing and discharging of the said returnTn$ cer-commodities to be exported, other than coastwise, shall be re- [^cates'* turned within the respective times following; that is to say,

where the bonds are taken in respect of any of the said commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of from Anatried, the said colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of the said bonds; and where to Gibraltar, Gibraltar, within twelve calendar months after the date of such Guernsey St bonds; and where to the islands of Guernsey or Jersey^ within Jersey, six calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where nd to and from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, a^uinand within six calendar months after the date of such bonds respect Ireland re-tively. spectively*

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to amend and render more effectualy in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament^ intituled An act for punishing mutiny and ddertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS in and by an act made in the present session of prearabU, parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; several regulations are made and enabled for the better government of the army, and their observing Jlrtft discipline, and for providing quarters for the army, and carriages on marches and VoL XXVI. X Other

306 Anno quinto Georgii III. C.

[17&S*

ether necessary occasions, and inflifling penalties on offenders against the same act, and for many other good purpofts therein mentioned; but the same may not be sufficient for the forces that may be employed in his Majesty's dominions in America: and whereas, during the continuance of the said act9 there may be occasion for marching and quartering of regiments and companies of his Majesty's forces in /*-veral parts of his Majesty's dominions in America: and whereas the publict houses and barracks, in his Majesty's dominions in America, may not be sufficient to supply quarters for such forces: and where-as it is expedient, and necessary that carriages and other conveniencies, upon the march of troops in his Majesty's dominions in America, Should be supplied for that purpose; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Comtables parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That &c. to quarter for ar*d during the continuance of this att, and no longer, it officers and shall and may be lawful to and for the constables, tithingmen, men in the magistrates, and other civil officers of villages, towns, town-WdedforPf°" l^lPs, cities, districts, and other places, within his Majesty's them* dominions in America, and in their default or absence, for any

one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such village, township, city, district or place, and for no others; and such constables, tythingmen, magistrates, and other civil officers as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers, in his Majesty's service, in the barracks provided and if there by the colonies; and if there shall not be sufficient room in the shall not be fa*1(j barracks for the officers and soldiers, then and in such case there to biuS onty* to 4uarter an<* billetbe residue of such officers and fol-the residue in diers, for whom there shall not be room in such barracks, in inns, ale-hous- inns, livery (tables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and the houses bcc. of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses or places thereunto belonging, and all houses of persons felling of rum, brandy, strong water, cyder or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houses; and in cale there shall not be sufficient room for the officers and soldiers in such barracks, inns, vie-mailing and other publick alehouses, that in such and no other case, and upon no other account, it shall and may be lawful for the governor and council of each respective province in his Ma-and if these jesty's dominions in America, to authorize and appoint, and they^are hereby directed and impowered to authorize and appoint, then in hired such proper person or persons as they shall think fit, to take, uninhabited hire and make fit, and, in default of the said governor and houses to be^council appointing and authorizing such person or persons, or in default of such person or persons so appointed neglecting or the purpose.r refofing to do their duty, in that case it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace in or near the said villages, towns, townmips, cities, districts, and other places, and they are hereby required to take, hire, and make fit for the reception of his Majesty's forces, such and so many uninhabited houses, outhouses, barns, or other buildings, as dull be necessary, to quarter therein the residue of such officers

17^5*1 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 3^ 507

ficers and soldiers for whom there Should not be room in such barracks and publick houses as aforesaid, and to put and quarter the residue of such officers and soldiers therein,

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That there shall ro°be or be no more billets at any time ordered, than there are effective ^crecj than*soldiers present to be quartered therein r and in order that this there a^e cf-service may be effectually provided for the commander in chief festive mem in America, or other officer under whose orders any regiment or company shall march, shall, from time to time, give, or cause give |farjy no-to be given, as early notice as conveniently may be, in writing, tice to the ie-Iigned by such commander or officer of their march, specifying spective go-their numbers and time of marching as near as may be, to the ^march^i respective governors of each province through which they are0ft|52atroopf to march 5 in order that proper persons may be appointed and and their F authorized, in pursuance of this act, to take up and hire, if it numbers, shall be necessary, uninhabited houses, outhouses, bams, or otherthat ^arteri buildings, for the reception of such soldiers as the barracks and aC]?ord* publick Jioufes shall not be sufficient to contain or receive. ingly.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Military That if any military officer shall take upon himself to quarter ^, 1, Mking soldiers, in any of his Majesty's dominions in America, other- on themleues wife than is limitted and allowed by this act; or shall use or of- to quarter fol-fer any menace or compulsion to or upon any justice of the a, rs, a^ peace, constable, tithingman, magistrate, or other civil officer civ^offi-before mentioned, in his Majesty's dominions in America, tend- cer, to deter ing to deter and discourage any of them from performing any them from part of the duty hereby required or appointed; such military offi- cailuer-cer, for every such offence, being thereof convicted before any two £ Cd lu*or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace living within or near

such villages, towns, townships* cities, districts or other places, by the oaths of two of more credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment in his Majesty's service, upon a certificate thereof being transmitted to the commander in chief in America; unless the said conviction shall be reversed unless the upon an appeal brought, within six months, in the proper court convi6h<tfi be for hearing appeals against convicting by justices of the peace: appC/aj up9a and in case any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Persons ag-constable, tythingman, magistrate, or other civil officer, shall grieved by behave quartered or billeted in or upon his house a greater num-, n£ quartered her of soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his p"a'jp neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice just, ces, and or justices of the peace of the village, town, township, city, be relieved. district, or other place, where such soldiers are quartered, such justice or justices has or have hereby power to relieve such person, by ordering such and so many of the soldiers to be removed, and quartered upon such other person or persons, as they shall see cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such soldiers accordingly.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no justice or No justice justices of the peace, having or executing any military office or having any

X 2 mm. 1, itary °*-

com-

fice to be

rented in bil-! eting soldiers.

except where there shall be no other justice.

Officers and soldiers quartered in inns, or alehouses, are to be furnished with pro vi iioru, at a certain rate

What innholders, &c. may allow men quartered on them in (lead of meat.

What officers and soldiers quartered in barracks, or hired houses, are ta be fur*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33. [1765.

commission in his Majesty's regular forces in America, may, during the continuance of this act, directly or indirectly, alt or be concerned in the quartering, billeting or appointing any quarters, for any soldier or soldiers, according to the disposition made for quartering of any soldier or soldiers by virtue of this act (except where there shall be no other justice or justices of the peace) but that all warrants, a Its, matters, or things, executed or appointed by such justice or justices of the peace for or concerning the same, shall be void; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the officers and soldiers so quartered and billeted as aforesaid (except such as shall be quartered in the barracks, and hired uninhabited houses, or other buildings as aforesaid) shall be received and furniftied with diet, and small beer, cyder, or rum mixed with water, by the owners of the inns, livery (tables, alehouses, victualling-houses, and other houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this act; paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein after mentioned to be payable, out of the subsistence- money, for diet and small beer, cyder, or rum mixed with water.

VI. Provided always, That in case any innholder, or other person, on whom any non-commission officers or private men shall be quartered by virtue of this act, in any of his Majesty's dominions in America ('except on a march, or employed in recruiting, and likewise except the recruits by them raisea, for the space of seven days at most, for such non-commission officers and soldiers who are recruiting, and recruits by them raised) shall be desirous to furnifti such non-commission officers or soldiers with candles, vinegar^ and salt, and with small beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints, or half a pint of rum mixed with a quart of water, for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non-commission officers or soldiers the use of fire, and the necessary untenfils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of such his desire to the commanding officer, and shall furnifti and allow the same accordingly; then, and in such case, the non-commission officers and soldiers so quartered shall provide their own viduals; and the officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that actually does receive, the pay and subsistence of such non-commission officers and soldiers, shall pay the several Turns herein after-mentioned to be payable, out of the subsistence-money, for diet and small beer, to the non-commission officers and soldiers aforesaid, and not to the innholder or other person on whom such non-commission officers and soldiers are quarteredj any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas there are several barracks in several places in his Majesty's said dominions in America, or some of them* provided by the colonies, for the lodging and covering of soldiers in lieu of quarters, for the ease and conveniency as well of the inhabitants of and in such colonies, as of the soldiers;

it

7^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33. 309

it is hereby further enacted, That all such officers and soldiers, so put and placed in such barracks, or in hired uninhabited houses, out-houses, bams, or other buildings, shall, from time expend?1* to time, be furnished and supplied there by the persons to be authorized or appointed for that purpose by the governor and council of each respective province, or upon neglect or refusal of such governor and couocil in any province, then by two or more justices of the peace residing in or near such place, with fire, candles, vinegar, and salt, bedding, utensils for dressing their victuals, and small beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints, or half a pint of rum mixed with a quart of water, to each man, without paying any thing for the same.

VIII. And that the several persons who shall so take, hire, and fit up as aforesaid, such uninhabited houses, out-houses, bams, or other buildings, for the reception of the officers and soldiers, and who shall so fumifti the same, and also the said barracks, with fire, candles, vinegar, and salt, bedding, utensils for dredging victuals, and small beer, cyder, or rum, as aforesaid, may be reimbursed and paid all such charges and expences they shall be put to therein, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That How the ex-the respective provinces shall pay unto such person or persons all such sum or sums of money so by them paid, laid out, or ex-rc to be repended, for the taking, hiring, and fitting up, such uninha- imburied. bited houses, out-houses, bams, or other buildings, and for fumithing the officers and soldiers therein, and in the barracks, with fire, candles, vinegar, and salt, bedding, utensils for dressing victuals, and small beer, cyder, or rgm, as aforesaid; and such sum or sums are hereby required to be raised, in such manner as the publick charges for the provinces respectively are raised.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Penalty on foresaid, That if any officer, within his Majesty's said domi- taking monions of America* shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly toeri£nUfe suffer to be taken, any money, of any person, for excusing the from Pbeing quartering of officers or soldiers, or any of them, in any house quartered on. allowed by this act; every such officer shall be cashiered, and

be incapable of serving in any military employment whatsoever.

X. And whereas some doubts may arise, whether command- Commanding ing officers of any regiment or company, within his Majesty's o(ficei* may said dominions in America, may exchange any men quartered in ^cCn^gtbCir any village, town, township, city, district, or place, in his Ma- quarters, jesty's said dominions in America, with another man quartered

in the same place, for the benefit of the servicej be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That suchexchange as above mentioned may be made by such commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such house or houses; and the coiv*

(tables, tythingmen, magistrates, and other chief officers of the villages, towns, townships, cities, districts, or other places where any regiment or company shall be quartered, svre hereby required to billet such men so exchanged accordingly.

310

Penalty on constables, &c. delaying to quarter or billet officers or soldiers, after dqe notice

or receiving money to e*-cufe any person from be-

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33* [1765.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any constable, tythingman, magistrate, or other chief officer or person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any officers or soldiers, within his Majesty's ' said dominions; in America, shall neglect or refuse, for the space of two hours, to quarter or billet such officers or soldiers, when thereunto* required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such forces; or shall receive, demand, edntract, or agree for, any sum or sums of money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on account of ex- cusing, or in order to ejccuse, any person or persons whatsoever ing quartered from quartering, or receiving into his, her, or their house or on; houses, any such officer or soldier; or in case any victualler, or

andonperfops any other person, within his Majesty's dominions in America, ceive the'offi-" liable by this act to have any officer or soldier billeted or quar-cers and fol- tered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such diers billeted officer or soldier so quartered or billeted upon him or her as a-on them, foresaid; or in case any person or persons shall refuse to fomifli them with ne- or a^ow» according to the directions of this act, the several things ceflaries as the herein before directed to be furnished or allowed to officers and aft directs; soldiers, so quartered or billeted on him or her, or in the barracks, and hired uninhabited houses, out-houses, barns or other buildings, as aforesaid, at the rate herein after mentioned; and shall be thereof convicted before one of the magistrate* of any pne of the supreme chief or principal common law courts of the polony where such offence shall be committed, either by his pwn confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such magistrate of such court is hereby impowered to administer) every such constable, tythingman, ti any sum magistrate, or other chief officer or person so offending shall not exceeding forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds sterling, than °os*or tnoney not exceeding five pounds, nor less than

forty shillings, as the said magistrate (before whom the matter

shall be heard) shall in his discretion think fit; to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person offending, by war-?-pant under the hand gnd seal of such magistrate before whom such offender shall be convicted, to be directed to a constable or Other officer within the village, town, township, city, district, or other place, where the offender shall dwell; and shall direct the said sum of five pounds, or such other sum as shall be ordered to

____ be levied in pursuance of this act as aforesaid, when levied, to be

ofthecolony. paid into the treasury of the province or colony where the offence shall be committed, to be applied towards the general charges of the said province or colony.

XII. And, that the quarters both of officers and soldiers, in his Majesty's said dominions in America, may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, every officer to whom it belongs to receive, or (hat does actually receive, the pay or to be paid to the treasurer

Officers to give notice to mn keepers, &c* of sub-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33; 31 x

subsistence-money cither for a whole regiment, or particular Gstence^mo. companies, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each receipt their of every particular sum which shall from time to time be paid, n*returned, or come to his or their hands, on account of pay or subsistence, give publick notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or soldiers are quartered by virtue of this act: and shall also appoint the said innkeepers and others to repair to their quarters, at such times as they shall appoint for the distribution and payment of the said pay or subsistence money to the said officers or soldiers, which shall be within four days at farthest after receipt of the same as aforesaid, and the said inn-keepers and others shall then and there acquaint such officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any shall be) between them and the officers and soldiers so quartered in their respective houses; which account the said officer or offi- and their a-cers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the co?nts tobe same, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distri- cording to the buted either to the officers or soldiers 5 provided the accounts rates otsub-exceed not for a commission officer of foot, being under thede- fistence here gree of a captain, for such officers diet and small beer per diem, ritablifacd. one shilling; and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for each horse or horses, for their hay and draw per dim, six pence, nor for one foot soldier's diet and small beer, cyder, or rum mixed as aforesaid, per dim* four pence: and if any officer or offi- officers not cers as aforesaid shall not give notice as aforesaid, and not im- giving such mediately, upon producing such account dated, satisfy, content, notlcc» and pay the same, upon complaint and oath made thereof by any two witnesses, before two of his Majesty's justices for the village, town, township, city, district, or other place where such quarters were (which oath such justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) the paymaster or paymasters the accounts of his Majesty's guards and garrisons, upon certificate of the said to be dif-justices before whom such oath was made, of the sum due up- chrrged out on such accounts, and the persons to whom the same is owing, ar'

are hereby required and authorized to pay and satisfy the said rc. " pay sums out of the arrears due to the said officer or officers j upon penalty that such paymaster or paymasters shall forfeit their respective place or places of paymaster, and be discharged from holding the same for the future; and in case there shall be no if no arrears arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the said paymaf- are due, then ter or paymaster are ihereby authorized and required to de- ^bfistence-duct the sums, he or they shall pay pursuant to the certificates m0nCy of the of the said justices, out oX the next pay or subsistence money regiment, of the regiment to which such officer or 'officers shall belong: and such officer or officers shall, for every such offence, or for d^-

neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsistence fi"er toCbe"ca* money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and is hereby de- Jhiered, dared, to be ipse faflo cashiered.

XIII. And, where it shall happen that the subsistence*mo-ncy due to any officer or soldier, within his Majesty's said dominions in America, shall, by occasion of any accident, not be

X+ paid

On nonpayment of quarters, for want of money, the officer to snake up the accounts and giye certificates for the {ujpsdue.

Justices nay demand an account of quartering of the officers and soldiers in order to prevent and remedy a-feufes in quarts-

Justices in pursuance of orders received, are to issue orders to

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33. [1765.

Iiaid to such officer or soldier, or such officer or soldier shall neg-e<ft to pay the same, so that quarters cannot be or are not paid as this act directs; and where any forces shall be upon their march, in his Majesty's said dominions in America, so that no subsistence can be remitted to them to make payment as this act directs: or they shall neglect to pay the same; in every such case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such officer shall before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where such regiment, troop, or company shall remain for any time whatsoever, make up the accounts with every person with whom such regiment or company shall have quartered, and (ign a certificate thereof, and give the said certificate, so by him signed, to the party to whom such money is due, with the name of such regiment or company to which he or they shall belong, to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the pay-matter of his Majesty's guards and garrisons, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom such money shall be due, to the end the same may be applied to such regiment or company respectively; under pain as before in this act directed for nonpayment of quarters.

XIV. And, for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting the soldiers in his Majesty's dominions in America, in pursuance of this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforne-feid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justices of the peace, or other officer, within their rtfpedHve villages, towns, townships, cities, districts, or other places, in his Majesty's said dominions in America, by warrant or order under his or their hand and seal, pr hands and feats, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any constable, tithingman, magistrate, or other chief officer, who shall quarter or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this act, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or justices, or other officer requiring the same, of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the names of the house-keepers or persons upon whom, and the barracks and hired uninhabited houses, or other buildings as aforesaid, in which and where every such officer or soldier shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the street or place where every such house-keeper or person dwells, and where every such barrack or hired uninhabited house or building is or are, and of the signs (if any) which belong to their houses; to the end that it may appear to the said justice or justices, or other officer, where such officers or soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billeting the m.

Xv. And be it further ifnadted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular provision of carriages for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for their arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, in his Majesty's *said dominions in America, all

justices

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33. 313

justices of the peace within their several villages, towns, town- constables to ships, cities, districts, and places, being duly required there- provide car-unto by an order from his Majesty, or the general of his forces, e

or of the general commanding, or the commanding officer there their march, shall, as often as such order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them, by the quarter-matter, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detachment, or company, so ordered to march, iffiieout his or their warrants to the constables, tythingmen, magistrates, or other officers of the villages, towns, townships, cities, distrilts, and other places, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, or company, shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said warrant: allowing them reasonable time to do the same, chat the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen: and in case sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such village, town, township, cky, district, or other place, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the village, town, township, city, district, or other place, shall, upon such order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the officers as aforesaid, issue his or their warrants to the constables, tythingmen, magistrates, or other officers, of such next village, town, township, city, district, or other place, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency; and such constable, tythingman, magistrate, or other officer, shall order or appoint such person or persons, having carriages, within their respective villages, towns, townftlips, cities, districts, or other places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages ind men, according to the warrant aforesaid; who are hereby required to provide and fumi(h the same accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the pay or hire for rates of car-a New Tori waggon, carrying twelve hundred pounds gross riages. weight, shall be seven pence sterling for each mile; and for every other carriage in that and every other colony in his Majesty*? said dominions in America, in the same proportion; and at or after the same rate or price for what weight every such other carriage shall carry; and that the first day's pay or hire for evenr such carriage, shall be paid down by such officer to such constable, tythingman, magistrate, or other civil officer, who shall get or procure such carriages, for the use of the owner or owners thereof; and the pay or hire for every such carriage after the first day, shall be paid every day, from day to day, by such officer as aforesaid, into the hands of the driver or drivers of such carriages respectively, until such carriages shall be discharged from such service, for the use of the owner and owners thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Carriages nor no such waggon, cart, or carriage, imprest by authority of this obliged to act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this act, to carry a- car^above bove twelve hundred weight; any thing herein contained to the 11 cw*contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided also, That no such waggon, cart, or carriage,

314 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33? [1765.

nor to travel riage, shall be obliged to travel more than one day's march, if, above day's within that time, they shall arrive 2 % any Other place where <*. ©Sw carri-t*ier carr*a8es may be procured; but, in case other sufficient ages cannot carriages cannot be procured, then such carriages shall be oblige be procured, ed to continue in the service till they shall arrive at such village, town, township, city, district, or other place, where proper and sufficient carriages, for the service of the forces, may be procured*

p.XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

cwiltabfes^ That if any constable, tithingman, magistrate* or othercivil of* Sec. neglect- ficer, within his Majesty's dominions in America % shall wilfully ingto provide neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the or furaifh peace, as shall be directed unto them for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons appointed by such constable, tythingman, magistrate, or other civil officer, to provide or furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same; or any other person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any act or thing whereby the execution of the said warrants shall be delayed, hindered, or frustrated; every such constable, tythingman, magistrate, civil officer, or other person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any fain not exceeding forty shillings sterling, nor less than twenty (hilt lings, to be paid into the treasury or the province where any such offence shall be committed; to he applied towards the aforesaid contingent charges of the province; and all and every such offence or offences, and all and every other offence or offences, in this act mentioned, and not otherwise provided, shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's justices of the peace dwelling in or near the village, town, township, city, district, or place, where such offence shall be committed; wtyo have hereby power tocaufethe find penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendenng the overplus fif any) to the owner.

XX. And whereas the allowance hereby provided, for the payment of the carriages that may be necessary in the marching of troops, may not be a sufficient compensation for the same, and to satisfy the constables, rithingmen, magistrates, and other civil officers, their charges and expences therein; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Col-yto^rc. ^e constables, tithingmen, magistrates, and civil officers, pro-u^expences curing such carriages, shall pay a reasonable expence or price of carriages, for every carriage so procured; and that every such constable, tithingman, magistrate, civil officer, or other person, shall be repaid what he or they shall so expend, together with his or their own charges and expences attending the same, by the province or colony where the same shall arise.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au % i^am^aHbe t^10r*ty aforesaid, That where it shall be necessary to take wag-uecdTarily gons or other carriages for long marches, beyond the settlements, provided for an appraiseroent shall be made of the value of such horses and long inarches carriages, at the time of the taking them up to be employed in

sech

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33; j f $.

such marches beyond the settlements, by two indifferent persons, beyond the one to be chosen by the commanding officer of such forces, and the other by the owner of such cattle or carriages j a certificate carriage/arc of which gppqiisement shall be given to the owner or owners of to be Fairly such cattle or carriages respectiveljr: apd in case any of the cat- appraised j tie or carriages, so taken up for such service, shall in the execution thereof, be lost or destroyed \ that then, and in every such case, upon producing the said certificate and propervouchr ^ifloft or ers upon oath of such lpfs or ftestruction, to the payipafter ee- be paS for° neral of his Majesty's guards'and garrisons, the said paymaster according to shall, and he is hereby required to pay to the respective owner* certificate, of such cattle or carriages, the fiiqas specified, ip such certificates and vouchers, to be the value of such cattle or carriages so loft pr destroyed.

XXII. And whereas several soldiers, being duly inlisted in Defcrtcrg may his Majesty's service, do often desert such service 5 for remedy be apprehend-whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ed, it shall and may be lawful to anq for the constat}l.e> tithingman, magistrate, or other civil officer, of the village, town, township, city, district, or place, within the said dominions in America, where any person, who may bereasonably suspected to be such a deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to heap-? prehended; and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the peace or other chief magistrate living in or near such village, town, township, city, district or place, who hath hereby power to examine such futyected person \ and if by his ponfeuion, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses ami comieil-Upon oath, or the knowledge of such justice of the peace* or* 1 other magistrate, it shall appear, or be found, that such suspeCb* ed person is a lifted soldier, and ought to be with the regiment pr company to which he belongs, such justice of the peace or other magistrate shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the village, town, township, city, district, county, or place where he shall be found, or to the house of correction or other publick prison in such village, town, township, city, dif* trict, county, or place, where such deserter shall be apprehended, and fraqlmit an account thereof to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces in the said dominions in America, or to the commanding officer of the forces polled nearest to such justice or justices, or other magistrate or magistrates, for the time being, to the end that such person may be proceeded against according to law: and the gaoler or keeper of such gaol, haufeo£G re^ Correction, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such de- hi/sub-ferter or deserters during the time that he or they shall fistence mo-continue in his custody for the maintenance of such defer- ncy in the ter or deserters: but shall not be intitled to any fee or reward account of the imprisonment of such deserter or deserters; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, That if any person shall harbour, Penalty on conceal, or assist, any deserter from his Majesty's service within j*rfo.ns har- his Majesty's said dominions in America, knowing him to be dc-

such, "

IS

or buying fol dion arms or clothes. Sec.

Penalty on officer break< ing open a house to search for deserters without warrant.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33. [1765.

such, the person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any soldier or deserter, or any other person, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, within his Majesty's doiriinions in America, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed 5 the person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of fiv^ pounds; and upon conviction upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said respective penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by dtftrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the offenders; one moiety of the said first- penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended; and one moiety of the said last mentioned penalty of five pounds to be pakf to the informer; and the residue of the said respective penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belong: and in case any such offenders, who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters; or having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King; or having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels, whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction; then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and leal, commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain, without bailor mainprize, for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipt, at the discretion of such justice.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no commission officer shall break open any house, within his Majesty's dominions in America, to search for deserters, without warrant from a justice of the peace, and in the day-time; and that every commission officer who shall, in the night, or without warrant from one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace (which said warrants the said justice or justices are hereby impowered to grant) forcibly enter into, or break open, the dwelling-house, or out-houses of any person whatsoever under pretence of searching for deserters, shall, upon due proof thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXV. And whereas several crimes and offences have been and may be, committed by several persons, not being soldiers, at several forts or garrisons, and several other places within his Majesty's dominions in America, which are not within the limits or jurisdiction of any civil government there hitherto established; and which crimes and offences are not properly cognizable or triable and punilliable, by a court-martial, but by the civil

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33. 317

magistrate; by means whereof several great crimes and offences may go unpunished, to the great scandal of government; for perfoiu Dot*remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore- being soldier* said, That from and after the twenty fourth day of March, one committing thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and for so long after- any fort or wards as this act shall continue in force, if any person or per- garrifbn, See. fons, not being a soldier or soldiers, do or shall commit any not within the crime or crimes, or offence or offences, in any of the said forts, jurisdiction of garrisons or places, within his Majesty's dominions in America, yernment °* which are not within the limits or jurisdiction of any civil go- 9

vernment hitherto established, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to apprehend such offender or offenders, and to carry, him, her, or them, before the commanding officer for the time being of his Majesty's forces there; and such offender may ^aP-being charged upon oath in writing, before the said command- j^beind*ing officer, and which oath the said commanding officer is here- chargecTon by impowered to administer, that then, and in every such case, oath with thq the said commanding officer shall receive and take into his cu- offence, stody, and safely keep, every such offender, and shall convey^com-and deliver, or cause to be conveyed and delivered, with act m it ted to fcft convenient speed, every such offender to the civil magistrate of custody, till the next adjoining province, together with the cause of his or delivered over her detainer, to be committed and dealt with by such civil magistrates or magistrate according to law; and every such civil magistrate is hereby commanded and required to commit every such offender, that he or she may be dealt with according to law; and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to pro- fecute and try every such offender in the court of such province or colony, where crimes and offences of the like nature are usually tried, and where the same would be properly tried in case such crime or offence had been committed within the jurisdiction of such court, and such crime shall and may be alledged to be committed within the jurisdiction of such court; and such court shall and may proceed therein to trial, judgement, and execution, in the same manner as if such crime or offence had been really committed within the jurisdiction of such court; any law, usage, custom, matter, or thing, whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Suits in what That every bill, plaint, action, or suit, against any person or court# to he persons, for any act, matter, or thing, to be acted or done in P^frcuted. pursuance of this act, or the said other in part recited act, in any

of his Majesty's dominions in America, shall be brought and prosecuted in and before some principal court of record in the colony where such matter or thing shall be done or committed; and in case the same shall not be done or commited within the jurisdiction of any such court, then in the court of the colony next to the place where the same shall be done and committed, and in no other court whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any troops or parties upon command have

oc-

ernes*

said at the race ot 4s. ad. Sterling, the Spanish

318 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 33! [1765.

flow the occasion in their march, in any of his Majesty's dominions in troops are to Amricay to pass regular ferries, it shall and may be lawful for pay in P the commanding officer either to pass over with his party as passengers, or to hire the ferry-boat entire to himself and his party, debarring others for that time in his option; and in case he shall chuse to take passage for himself and party as passengers he shall only pay for himself and for each person, officer or soldier, under his command, half of the ordinary rate payable by single persons at any such ferry; and in case he shall hire the ferry-boat for himself and party, he shall pay half of the ordinary rate for such boat or boats; and in such places where there are no regular ferries, but that all passengers hir^ boats at the rat* they can agree for, officers with or without parties are to agree for boats at the rates that other persons do in the like cases. Pecuniary pe-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-ualties to be said> That all sum and sums of money mentioned in this act, and all penalties and forfeitures whatsoever to be incurred or forfeited for any offence* cailfe, matter, or thing Whatsoever* to be done, committed, or omitted to be done in his Majesty's milled dollar, colonies and dominions in America* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be, and shall be paid and forfeited in lawful money of the colony or place where the same shall be forfeited or become due, at the rate of four shillings and eight pence sterling money for a Spanish milled dollar, and not otherwise.

Limitation of

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* actions. That if any action, bill, plaint, or suit, shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any act, matter, or thing, done or acted in pursuance of this act, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons so sued General issue. to P^ea<^ thereto the general issue that he or they are not guilty*

# and to give the (pedal matter in evidence to the jury who shall try the cause; and if the verdict therein shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein shall be* come nonsuit, orfuffer a discontinuance, or by any other means judgement therein shall be given for the defendants or defendant therein; that in every such case the justice or justices, or other judge or judges of the court in which suchadtion shall be brought, shall by force and virtue of this act allow unto such defendant or defendants his or their treble costs, which he or they shall have sustained, or be put to, by reason of the defence of such suit, for which cod such defendant and defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases where costs are by the law given to defendants.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act and every thing herein contained, shall continue March 1 6 an(*n ^orcenlls Majesty's dominions in America, from to Y4 Maxell, ^e twenty fourth day of March, in the year one thousand seven 1767. hundred and sixty five, until the twenty fourth day of March in

the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven,

CAP#

[Treble costs.]

This act to be in force from 34

1765.1

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 34; 319

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty Jive; and for punishing militia men for neglecting their duty.

WHEREAS the sum of eighty thousand pounds has been granted to his Majesty, for defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, for one year, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five: in order therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for such militia may be duly and 'properly defrayed and satisfied; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or shall is or be raised, the receiver or receivers general of the land tax of such shall be raised, county, riding, or place respectively, shall issue and pay the the receiver whole sums required, in the manner and for the several uses, general of the herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the pay of the said ^c^raoiubt militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of fix pay in ad-shillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appoint- yance, accorded; and at the rate of One shilling for each fetjeant, with the addition of two shillings and six pence a week for each serjeant* major, where a serjeant major is appointed; and at the rate fct down; of six pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of six pence a day for each drum major, where a drum major is appointed; and also at the rate of six pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences bf each regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, one penny whereof shall be applied to defraying the hospital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independant company, during the time of the mens being from home, on account of their annual exercise; and also for half a year's salary for the clerkof each regiment or battalion of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year; year's salary and also for the respective allowances to the clerk of the general to theregi-meetings, and clerks of the several subdivision meetings, at the ^c"^, o^nd rates following; that is to say, To the clerk of the general meet- clerks; ings, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting; and the allow-and to the several clerks of the subdivision meetings, at the ratence* to the of one pound one shilling for each meeting; aftd also for the cloathing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, after fj^vision the rate of three pounds ten shillings for each serjeant, and two meetings; pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for and pay for each serjeant major, and each drum major; and with respect to the private militia men, where the militia hath been embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within 2 three

320 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 34.

[176$.

three years, at the rate of one pound ten shillings for each private man.

The above

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any county or place, where sum« arenot pay has not been yet irtued for the militia, no pay shall be irtued my hwnot unt'* ^is Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, any three de-before been puty lieutenants, of any such county, riding, or place, shall have issued. till the certified to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and to Id. lieut.or the receiver general of the land tax. That three fifths of the havecertified num^er of private militia men of such county, riding, or place* to the treafu- have been inrolled, and that three fifths or the proportion of ry and receiv- their commission officers have accepted their commissions, and e[* entered their qualifications as by law required.

SVffiW HI. And h lt enacted, That all such sums of money afore-the men and said, except such as shall be due to the several clerks of the officers. meetings aforesaid, shall, where the militia has never been em-The money is bodied, be paid by the said receiver or receivers-general of the to be paid by land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments thee "ft* or battalions of militia belonging to such county, riding, or flerk of the C P*acc» upon his or their producing his or their warrant or war-regiment or rants of appointment to such office, upder the hand and seal of battalion his Majesty's lieutenant for such respective county, riding, or (except theal- place $ and where the militia has been embodied, into the hands theclerLof ckrk or c*cr^8 regiments or battalions, upon hi*

the meetings) or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appoint-upon produc- ment to such office, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or, ing the war- where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each appointment j regent or battalion respectively, notwithstanding such militia and forinde- shall have been disembodied; and where the militia shall be pendant com- formed into an independant company, or independant com-PTea*to lhC Panies> sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said receiver captains, Corto or receivers-gedcral of the land tax, into the hands of the re-their order $ (pective captain of each independant company of militia, or to according to such person as such respective captain shall authorize to receive the establish- the same, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to down in the rccc*vc pay and cloathing, of which such regiment or regiments, militia act of battalion or battalions, independant company or independant % Geo. 3. companies, shall have been appointed to conlift, according to the establishment laid down in an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one ail of parliament, the several laws now in beings relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and such receiver or A second pay- receivers-general of the land tax shall also, within fourteen days {J^madewhlT after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time in 3 months of the said first payment, make a second payment for four ca-after the fiift $ lendar months in advance; and shall also, within fourteen days and a third after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time months after »econ<* payment, make a third payment for four ca-

the second. lendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences Receipts of of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or bat-the p«rfons to talion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before n«y ffiaUbc so mentioned i and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such y captain

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 34; 321

captain of an independant company or captains of independant paid, dif-companies, or of such person or persons as such captain or cap- ch.arSe the re* tains shall so authorize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall ra{vcr8 gCnC- be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers-general of the land tax for the several Aims of money so by him or them paid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or Theregi-battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such mental and sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calen- ^rksare to dar months pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment orpay battalion respectively; and to the captain or commanding officer vance one of each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two month's pay months pay in advance for the fetjeants, drummers, and the*°hc adiu'

r*r r rv* c 1 tant: and

contingent expences of his respective company; out of which months pay to said contingent money each captain shall pay to the command- each captaining officer of each regiment or battalion one penny a month fors°r the breach private man and drummer, for the defraying the expences j^st8, and Uin- of the hospital; and also to the commanding officer of the^tingent company to which the serjeant-major and drum-major shall be-expences of long, two months pay in advance for such serjeant and drum-the said commajor; and so from time to time so long as any money on that Pany' ^£tam account shall remain in his hands: which pay every such cap-c^man id. tain or commanding officer is hereby required to aistribuet toper month out each person belonging to his company, by this act intitled to re-of the contin-ceive the same, as it shall become due; and shall, once in every

Jr ear, give in to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which charges of the uch company shall belong, or, it captain of an independant hospital; and company, to the receiver-general, an account of the several pay- for the ferments he shall have made in pursuance of this act, according to ^td^or the following form:

County of Dr.

To calli received of Mr.- regimental or battalion clerk, or re- 1 ceiver general, as the f eaf'e shall be, for two months pay in advance J

bv/uiuaiij j'\

t for -j

from the f

ie _ of f

Vol. xxvx

Per Contra Cr.

Paid serjeant for days pay from the of to the of following -

Ditto asserjeant-major (if one in the company)

Paid serjeant for days pay from of to the following Paid drummer -j days at six pence from t the of to the I of following — 4 Ditto as drum-major (if f one in the company) J Paid drummer days from the of C to the of following \ Two months contingen- i cies for men and / two drummers, at fix r pence per month each J

Y

major; to be paid to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong; captains to dtiiribute the pay accordinglyj and account for the lame yearly to the clerk or receiver general, if an independant company, according to the following form;

And

giment, &c. Captains of independant companies to distribute the

322 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1765.

and pay bade And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver-general*

s. as the case shall be, the surplus (if any) of the money by him monies in his r .^..J }.J 7.../.

hands, except from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands

the contin- (except the money by this act allowed for contingent expences) gent ex- which shall once in every year be accounted for by the captain iTtobe ac-Ch eac^ company respectively, in manner aforesaid, and the counted for, balance thereof shall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk and applied to of the regiment or battalion to which such company shall belong, the general to be applied to the general use of the said regiment or battalion, use of the re- as t^c officers and captains thereof, or the greater part of them, shall direct; and the captain of each independant company is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to his company intitftd thereto, such money as he shall receive a heir virtue of this act; and the said money allowed for the con-men, °andap- tingentexpences of each independant company of militia, shall ply the money be respectively applied to the particular use of such independant allowed for company, by the captain thereof.

contingent V. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion Clerk to*re- clerk may and shall retain to his own use, out of the money so by tain money in him received, such further sums as shall complete the allowance his hands for herein before made for his salary; and such regimental or bat-his own falaryj talion clerk shall pay to such person or persons as shall produce the cloathinf6 an or^cr from the commanding officer of such regiment or bat-bills. B talion, such sums of money as shall be due and owing for or on account of the cloathing or the said regiments or battalions, not exceeding the rates herein before-mentioned.

When the Id.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's lieuts. or de- lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants, of any Save^xed the county> riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise days of exer- for die militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the cite, same to the receiver-general of such county, riding or place,

they are to specifying the number of men, and the number of days such fCrte*to the men are to ab^ent from home on account of such exercise; receiver gene-and ^uch receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen ral, specifying days after the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the the number clerk of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of seven of men, and shillings and six pence per day for the captain of each company, be?bfent^an<* at^rate of three shillings and six pence per day for each from home, lieutenant, and of three shillings per day for each ensign; and Receiver-ge- also at the rate of one shilling per day for each private militia neral to illiie man^ with the addition of six pence per day for each corporal for'o^ew^ l^e to he called out to exercise, for the number of

and men to days such officers and men shall be absent from home on ac-the regimen, count of such exercise; and in such counties where there shall tal clerk, &c. independant companies only, the receiver-general of each flwh^inde- re^Pe^vc county shall issue and pay to the captains of the pendant com* independant companies, at the rate of seven shillings and fix panies only, pence per day for each captain, three shillings and six pence per the receiver- day for each lieutenant, and three shillings per day for each en-^ue^ 1Sto° % n» anc* a at rate one idling Per day for each private the captains, militia man, with the addition of six pence per day for eachcor-according to 6 poral

«765-3

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 34;

3*3

poral of the militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the num- the rate here ber of days such officers and men shall be absent from home on^d°n*n#tai account of such exercise; and the said regimental or battalion clerk topiy clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay the proportion of over the mo-pay belonging to each captain of the said regiments or battalions, ney to theie-the proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewise [j^ivccap' the pay belonging to their respective companies* ln8'

VII. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each Cantaing to company shall make up an account of all monies received and make up their paid by him on account of such exercise, according to the fol- account ac-lovting form:

Per Contra Cr,

Paid militia men days

paid additional pay to corporals days

cording to the following form i

County of Dr.

To cash received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receivereeneral, as the case /call be, for days pay of men

Which acount shall be signed by the said captain, and counter- by thfm"and signed by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, with- countersigned inten days after the time of such exercise, deliver such account, by the com-and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regimental or "iand, ng battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independant company, to ancUIHivered the receiver-general: and such accounts shall be allowed as fuf- with ths ba-ficient vouchers in the passing of the accounts of such receiver lance to the general, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer. cJe, k»

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any

regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or Accounts al shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, and there- lowed suffici-by the officers and private militia men are or shall be intitled to jnt vouchers, the same pay, as the officers and private men in his Majesty's c

other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re- troops are ceivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, embodied,

to which such regiment, battalion, or independant company of?nd called out militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private ^c and militia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for receive pay as the contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or inde- the King's pendant company of militia; and also the allowance to theother forces, clerk of such regiment or battalion, shall, during such time °fa|j0^aynccsd actual service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independant from the recompany, shall be disembodied and returned home by order of ceivers gene-their commanding officers, cease and not be paid. ralto cease.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of Receivers ge-the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings hisJ1*1*1Pay allowance, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each anc«to'cierki meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose of the gene* from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants ral meetings,assembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall also to pay to each and every the clerks of the subdivision meetings f^ivision their several allowances, at the rate of one pound one shilling meetings,

Y 2 for upon produc-

3*4

ing orders from the lieutenant or dep. lieutenants.

Orders to discharge receivers general. Regimental i battalion

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 34; [1765.

for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders shall be to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, a sufficient discharge for the payment of such allowances, and be allowed in his and their account.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, shall give security to the receiver

clerks to give or receivers general of the land tax of the county, riding, or security for place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, by a bond accounting to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum required for for the monies the whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to received by which such clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in him rtposed; which said bond shall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the nil, and out in respective county, riding, or place, who, in case the said regi-MnoLper^ 6*menta^or battalion clerk shall not duly perform the conditions formance of comprized in the said bond, shall, and \s hereby required forth-the condition; with to put the said bond in suit in the name of his Majesty, his tj\ey.arc heirs, and successors; the full cods and charges of which suit, in upon toful?* ca^e judgement shall be given against such regimental or batta- n lion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said receiver or receivers

general of the land tax, who shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their own use, at the rate of five pounds per centum out of all such monies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the residue thereof with the pro-

__________ per auditor of his Majesty's revenue; the said receiver or receiv-

counted for to ers general of the land tax charging himself or themselves, there-the auditor, with^ upon the next account of the land tax to be by him or them passed.

XI. And be it enacted, That the clerk of every regiment or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant company of militia, in every county, riding, and place within that part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, deliver to the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which

in accounts of such regiment, battalion, or independant company shall belong, their receipts a fajr account in writing, of all monies by him received and dif-ments^bursed for the service of the preceding year, in pursuance of this and pay over with proper vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the the balance to said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, any surplus of the receivers such monies that shall then be in his hands; which said accounts signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, or by such captain of an independant company respectively, shall be transmitted by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, penalties^ &c. all cods and charges of suit, and all sums of money for which

any

them; the bonds to be lodged with the receivers gene-

costs and charges, and 51. ter cent. of the money recovered 5 the residue to be ac*

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies, are to deliver

general; who are to transmit the accounts into the auditor's office.

Recovery of

3*5

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 34.

any person or persons is or are by this act made answerable, may, and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than No one imparlance, shall be allowed. able for any

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or warrant or

gratuity whatsoever, shall be given or paid for or upon account sum of mo: of any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in rela- j^ce c tien to, or in pursuance of, this act. this act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person officers on being on half-pay, and serving in the militia, shall and may, half-pay fcrv-and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the subsistence-

money, by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieutenants, receive* the* or ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence-mo- subsistence-ney by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not be money pay-deemed a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to pre- pantsoren^" vent such person on half-pay receiving his half-pay; and such or person shall take the following oath before some justice of the they taking

peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same; the following

oath before a

I A.B. do swear, That I had not, between the any ^JJeoath.

place or employment of profit civil or military under his Majesty, besides my allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

late regiment of favt and except

my subsistence as a lieutenant or ensign, as the case may be, for serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half-pay, without taking any other oath; any law* usage, dr custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas great difficulties occur in recovering one of the penalties inflicted by an act pafffed in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, intitled. An act to explain, amende and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being, relat-Gco' J*

ing to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; which penalty is to enforce an attendance on the annual exercise, by punishing such militia men (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating the m) as shall not appear at the times and places of exercise appointed as by the said act is directed, which difficulties, if not timely removed, may prove detrimental to the service 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any militia man/not labouring ^J)jtb\jma,; n under any infirmity incapacitating him,) shall not appear at the capacitated) " time and place of exercise appointed as aforesaid, and at which neglecting to he ought to appear in pursuance of the said act, every such mi- appear at the litia man may, for every such offence, be apprehended, without any previous summons, by warrant from any one justice of the place of exer-peace of the same county, riding, or place, or of any other cife may be county, riding, or place, within which such offender shall be apprehendedf found, upon oath made before such justice of the peace, that

326

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 34- £\

such militia man did not appear at the time and place appl Oath being ed as aforesaid for exercise; and upon producing also to the made before a justice a certificate, signed by the clerk of the proper fubdiV justice of such meeting of the county wherein such militia man was inroj and that he l^atl appears to him, the said clerk, by the roll in his cust was iurolied, that the said defaulter is, or, at the time of such offence d See. mitted, was a militia man for the county wherein he ougA

and also proof have appeared as aforesaid, mentioning in such certificate! ITand writing date ^ls inroNment; and also upon ptoof.made upon oath \ of the clerk f fore the said justice of peace, of the hand writing of the J and if he shall clerk (both which oaths before-mentioned the said justied n r Slke (a' hereby impowered to administer;,) and if any militia man ifo a piW ofone Prc^enc*c<l as aforesaid, shall not prove to the satisfaction of tl o other of the justice of peace, before whom he shall be brought on such wt three causes rant, that he the said militia man did, at the time appointed & °ii faerc such appearance, labour under some infirmity incapacitating him allowed, or that ^ad then chan^e(j ^is place of abode, and remove!

upon such notice and certificate as in the said act is for that purpose directed, into the subdivision wherein he shall be dwelling at the time of his being so apprehended; or that he, at the time of such default of appearance, was inrolled also to serve in the militia of some other county, riding, or place, and hath thereby forfeited, and upon conviction thereof actually paid the penalty of ten pounds inflicted for that offence by an a & he shall forfeit passed in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, to ex-10*plain and amend the above mentioned act, he the said defaulter

(not making satisfactory proof as aforesaid of one or other of the said three causes of excuse) shall stand immediately convicted of his said offence by the justice of peace before whom be shall be so brought (whether such justice be of the same county, riding, or place for which such militia man is or was inrolled to serve, or of any other county, riding, or place) and the said justice of the peace shall then require and demand of such offender the immediate payment of the said penalty; and upon refusal or neglect to make such immediate payment into the hands of the said justice, or of such person as he shall then direct, for the use of the regiment or battalion of militia wherein such defaulter is or was inrolled, to serve as part of the common stock of such regiment or battalion, the justice of peace before whom such militia man shall be so convicted shall, by warrant, commitfld if not him to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where with he shall he shall*convicted, there to remain without bail or main-be committed prize for the space of six months, or until he shall have paid the 'for 6 months, said penalty of twenty pounds.

XVI. And to obviate any difficulties which may otherwise arise in carrying into execution a clause in the said act passed in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, whereby the like penalry and punishment are inflicted on militia men who, after Justice may having joined their corps, shall desert during the time of annual

proceed a- exercise, and shall not be taken till after the time thereof is ex-

cn in Ukert" by the abpve mentioned act of the second year of

1ffy.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 35. 327

the said reign, inflicted on militia men neglecting to appear; be manner, as it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one justice of the jpeace in any county, riding, or place, wherein such deserter ing to appear 'shall be found, may proceed against such deserter in the fameatrheap-manner, and execute the like powers in that case, as are here- pointed time in before given in the case of militia men not appearing at theannuadtter^ time and place appointed for annual exercise. £ife.U

CAP. XXXV.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on the exportation of coals; and of several East India goods \ and upon policies of assurance for retaining, upon the exporta-tien of white callicoes and muslins, a further part of the duties paid on the importation thereof and for obviating a doubt with respect to stamp duties imposed upon deeds by two former acts.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in this session of parliament,

certain annuities are granted in respect of several navy, viftu-ailing and transport bills, and charged upon the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund: we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards making good the payment of the said annuities so charged on the said fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates, duties, and sums of money, herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and Fr°ra and af. with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ^l/the^oN and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the lowing addi-authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, tionafduties one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, there shall be raised,*to tak* levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- j. ceflors, for every chaldron of coals, Newcastle measure, which dronon all shall be (hippea for exportation to any part beyond the seas, coals shipped except to Ireland, the isle of Man, or the British dominions in?r exPorta-America, an additional duty of four shillings, and after that rate beyond^eas! for any greater or less quantity, over and above the present except to Ire-duties now payable for the same; which said additional duty land, the isle hereby grantea, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in of ^an» an.d the same manner, and under such restrictions, penalties, an^ nionsinAme-forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the for- rjcai mer duties payable to his Majesty, upon the exportation of coals, are raised, levied, collected, and paid, as fully and to all intents and purposes as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the body of this present act.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- 5l. percent, said. That from and after the said first day of June, there shalld valorem on be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs,


3*8

stuffs from Persia, China, and India; and on printed callicoes.

to be paid without any ded actio*, &c.

Additional clause to be inserted in the bond to be given on exportation of the said {goods s

and a certificate to be returned of the due landing thereof $ if in America, within 18 months.

Bond given on goods entered for Africa, not to be discharged, till oath be made by the mailer of the due landing-and disposal there-thereof with-

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 35. ft76a

and successors, for and upon all wrought silks, bengals, aid stuffs mixed with (ilk or herba, of the manufacture of Perjiq China, or East India, and upon all callicoes, printed, dyed, painted, or stained there, which shall be shipped for exportation from Great Britain to any part beyond the seas, except to Africa or the British dominions in America, a subsidy of poundage of twelve pence for every twenty shillings, of the true and real value of such goods, according to the gross price at which they were sold at the sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, if the said goods were sold at the company's sales, or according to the gross price at which they were sold at the custom-house sales, in case the said goods were after condemnation fold there; which fubGdy hereby granted shall be paid without any allowance or deduction whatsoever; and shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, in the same'manner, and by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such allowances for goods loft or taken at sea, as the subsidy of poundage for any goods and merchandizes exported from this kingdom, may be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully to all intents and purposes as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first dav of June, upon the entry of any wrought silks, bengals, and stuffs mixed with silk, or herba, of the manufacture of Perjiay China, or East India, or callicoes, painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, for exportation to Africa, or the British dominions in America, the bond which is now by law required to be given for the due exportation of such goods, shall be with further condition, that the same shall be there landed accordingly, and not in any other part or place beyond the seas; and to produce a certificate within eighteen months under the hands and seals of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, resident at the port or place in the British dominions in America, for such of the said goods as shall be entered for and landed there, testifying the landing thereof 5 and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for Africa, the bonds so as aforesaid entered into, shall not be delivered up or discharged, until proof is made by the oath of the master, mate, purser, or other person having the charge of the ship or vessel, during the voyage in which the said goods were exported, that the said goods and every part thereof were fairly landed or disposed of? in or on some part of the coast of Africa, and that no part of the said goods had been relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, or either of them, or any other part or place beyond the seas, except some part of Africa; and by the oath of the merchant exporter (if living) that, to the best of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, such goods had been disposed of at the place or places mentioned in the oath made by the master, mate.

*75.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 35. 329

purfier, or other person, having the charge of the ship or vessel, out'beingre-during the voyage 5 which proof shall be made within eighteen ^ndte con-months from the date of each respective bond, before the col* firmed by the lcffcor and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, exporter's at the port for the time being where such bonds shall be entered oath* into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the p^f to t, e same; and in case no such proofs shall be made as aforesaid, made within within the time herein before mentioned, it shall and may be 18 months; lawful for the respective of of the customs in Great otherwise the Britain, to cause such bonds to be put in suit, unless they shall find sufficient cause to forbear the same; any law, custom, or p usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t juilef That from and after the said first day of June, there shall be 1765, an act-raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, ditional duty and successors, for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, o*? idl ° or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, writ- poUciwand ten, or printed, any policy of assurance to be made or entered in- durances to within the cities of London or Westminster, or elsewhere with- within the in the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, over and above weeWy bills all other duties, an additional stamp duty of two pence; and for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of and of 11.6d. paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any within all policy of assurance to be made or entered into within all other sher PJ1?8 5* parts of Great Britain, over and above all other duties, an addi- Great Br, tau, # tional stamp duty of two shillings and six pence.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clauses and all powers, regulations, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, Prorifion8» forfeitures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed, inflicted, and appointed, by any to t£, e duties former act or acts of parliament, relating to the duties on vel- on vellum, lum, parchment, and paper (not hereby altered) shall be in foil parchment, force and effect, with relation to the additional stamp duties here-

by imposed; and shall be applied and put in execution, for the^i^ti managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing, receiving, and duties here paying thereof, and accounting for the same, as folly to all in- laid, tents and purposes, as if such powers, regulations, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and other matters and things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said stamp duties hereby granted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The counter-That if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or pro- toting or cure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, fofgjpg any to resemble any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allotted to foi, mp# be used by this act for the purpose of denoting the duties by

this or any other act of parliament granted on policies of assurance; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of or vending the same, thereby to evade the payment of any of the said counter1 tit duties; or shall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, Umps* or paper, liable to any such stamp duties, with such counterfeit

damp.

330 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 35. [1765.

or fraudulent- stamp, mark, or impression thereon (knowing the same to be Jy using the counterfeit) or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, felony!* or -allowed to he used'by this a<2. relating to the said

without bene- Ramp duties, with intent.to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and fit of clergy, successors, of any of the said duties; every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of June* there shall be retained out of the duties which shall have been paid upon the importation of white calliqoes or muslin, for such of the said goods as shall be exported from this kingdom without having been printed, stained, painted, or.died therein, to any parts or places beyond the seas (except to Africa, or the British colonies and plantations in America) beiidesthe one half of the rate or duty commonly called The Old Suhfidy, which now remains, and is not drawn back for the same, the further sum Of two.pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such goods, according to the gross price at which they were sold at the sale of the umted company, of merchants trading to the East Indies,

frica', and the which sum of two pounds shall be retained, without any abate-Briuih A me- qc deduction, our of the net duties granted on such goods

tbns.^31113" respectively by two several aits of parliament, the one made in the eleventh and twelfth year of the reign of King IFiUiam the Third, intituled An.ati for laying further duties upon wrought filts9 muffin s\ and some other commodities of the East Indies $ and for enlarging the time for purchasing certain reversionary annuities therein mentioned; and the other made in the third and fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for continuing duties upon low wines; and upon coffee, tea, chocolate, spices, and pictures; and upon hawker x, pedlars, and petty chapman, and upon muslins; and for granting new duties upon several of the said commodities \ and also upon callicoes, china ware, and drugs; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore the oath to be said. That from and after the said first day of June, if any white made on ex- callicoes or rauflin shall be entered for exportation, from this kingdom to any part of Africa, in every case where the exporter is required by any law now in force to (Wear that such goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man, or any British colonies or plantations in America, there shall also be added to and included in the oath upon the debenture for such goods, 44 or any other place whatfever in &c" othe'rwife " parts beyond the seas (except Africa)and if any such white than where callicoes or muslins so entered for Africa, shall nevertheless be carried to, and landed at, any other place or country in parts beyond the seas, the exporter of such goods, and the master or person having the charge of the ship or vessel on board which

10 per cent, of the duties payable on the importation ot white callicoes, and muslins, betides the one half of the old subsidy, is to be retained on the exportation thereof to parts beyond seas, except to A-

Act 11 Sc la

w. J.

& 5 &4

Anne.

Addition to

portation of white callicoes and-muslins.

Landing the said goods.

entered for; is forfeiture of double the amount of the drawback, the same were loaden and exportedj

shall forfeit double the amount

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 35." 331

mount of the drawback paid or to be paid for the same, and al- treble va-so treble the value of the said. goods. the

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, These duties. That the monies arising by the several and respective additional &c. to be paid duties by this act granted, and also from such part of the duties Into the ex-as are hereby directed to be retained, and not drawn back on the exportation of callicoes and muslins (the necessary charges branches of of management, and of raising, collecting, receiving, paying, the publick and accounting for the said monies, excepted) shall, from time revenue, to time, be paid respedwely into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster? aiftindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and shall be carried to and and to be car-made part of the fund commonly called The sinking fundy to- ried into the wards making good the annuities payable in respect of the said faking fund, navy, victualling, and transport bills, charged upon the said fund by an act of this session of parliament.

X. And whereas some doubts have arisen, whether vellum, parchment, and paper? containing policies of assurance and charter parties, are subject to the stamp duties granted in respect of deeds, by two acts of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second; it Policies of af-is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That furance and the stamp duty of six pence imposed by an act made in twelfth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne; t(, ccs6d.Jduty° and also the stamp duty of one shilling imposed by an act made imposed by7 in the thirtieth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George ad n Anna?, the Second, on every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or the sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or by^djoGco, printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, a; not thereby respectively otherwise charged, shall be deemed and taken to extend to, and are hereby extended to charge every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any policy of assurance, or any charter party, made or entered into with Great Britain, after the said first day of June.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, what shall be That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or deemed a other minument or writing, between the captain or matter, charter party, or owner of any ship or vessel, and any merchant, trader,

or other person, in respect to the freight or conveyance of any money, goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, laden or to be laden on board of any such ship or vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter party.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general if- General sue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if

it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the

de-

[Treble costs.]

Preamble, reciting clause in act

Geo. 3*

The year, with respectto certificates to be made by lieuts. and dep. lieuts. of counties, the militia whereof has not been duly vailed, is to end on thed T uefday in May in every year;

and the certificates to be

Anno quinto Georgii III., c. 36. [1765.

defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as defendants have in other cases by law.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the second year of his present Majestyi reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, it is enabled, That in all counties and places where the militia had not been raised by virtue or in pursuance of the former acts for that purpose, or by virtue or in pursuance of the said at7, the Jam of five pounds Should be annually paid, for and in lieu of every private militia man therein mentioned to be raised within the same; and that his Majejlfs lieutenant of every such county and place, or any three or more deputy lieutenants, at the expiration of every year in which the militia for such county and place shall not be raised, shall, from year to year, certify the same in writing under his or their hands 3 and also the whole amount of the several sums of five pounds per man, to be raised on such county not raising the militia as aforesaid, to the justices of the peace, at their general or quarter sessions next held, after the full end and accomplishment of the said year, for such respective county or place: and whereas doubts have arisen, whether such lieutenants are compellable to make such certificates according to the intent and meaning of the said act, and also at what time each respective year ends or is accomplished; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, every year, with respect to the certificate herein after directed to be made by his Majesty's lieutenants, or the deputy lieutenants, of each respective county, riding, or place, not raising the militia, shall be deemed and taken to end and be accomplished on the second Ttefday in May in each respective year; and his Majesty's lieutenants of every county, riding, and place wherein the militia shall not have been raised, or shall not continue to be raised pursuant to, and by virtue of, the several acts of parliament for raising and training the militia of this kingdom, shall, and they, and each and every of them, is and are hereby required to certify in writing under his and their hand and hands, yearly and every year, to the justices of the peace of each respective county, riding and

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 36#

333

place, at their general or quarter sessions which shall be next made to the holden after the second Tuesday in May in each year, that the Jon^nekt militia has not been raised for such county or place for the pre- after{ ceeding year; and also the whole amount of the several sums of together with five pounds per man to be raised on such county, riding or place, the amount of as aforesaid the (urns to be

II. And whereas it may happen that some of his Majesty's rai c*lieutenants may be in parts beyond the seas, and thereby be incapable of certifying in the manner directed by the said recited county (half ad and this act; be it therefore further enacted by the authority be beyond aforesaid, That in case any of his Majesty's lieutenants shall leas, he is to be in parts beyond the seas, such lieutenants, and each and aPP°lnt three every of them, is and are hereby required, by writing under their respective hands and seals, to appoint three or more deputy are to certify lieutenants to certify as aforesaid; and such deputy lieutenants, accordingly, or some one or more of them, for each respective county, riding, and place, is and are hereby required to certify the same accordingly, to the justices of the peace assembled at their general or quarter sessions as aforesaid.

III. And whereas in some counties there may happen to be in counties, no lieutenants, by means whereof the several laws now in being, &c. where for raising and training the militia, cannot be carried into exe- thcj? ^jall be' cution; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the autho- more d/* rity aforesaid, That in such counties, ridings, or places, as may Heuts-appoint-happen to have no lieutenant, three or more of the deputy ed under the lieutenants* in such county, riding, or place, to be nominated r°y

and appointed by his Majesty's sign manual, are hereby autho- carry UiVre-rized and impowered to proceed and do every ad and acts that cited acts into are necessary for the carrying into execution the several powers execution, of the said acts of the second and fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, and of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, where the That in case any of his Majesty's lieutenants shall be in parts lieut. shall be beyond the seas, and no deputy lieutenants shall be appointed heyond seas, to certify as aforesaid for any county, riding, or place, the clerk

of the peace for such county, riding, or place, shall, and he is j^ntedfthe hereby required to certify as aforesaid to the justices of the peace clerk of the at their general quarter sessions assembled; and the said justices peace is to of the peace are hereby required to proceed on such certificate certify* of the clerk of the peace, in the same manner as if such certificate had been made by his Majesty's lieutenant in manner aforesaid.

V. And whereas by an act made in the fourth year of the ciaafe in ad reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain and a- 4. Geo. j. mend an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being, relating to raising and training the militia within that pan of Great Britain called England; it is enacted, That in all cases where the militia had not been raised, or Should not at any time thereafter continue to be raised, for any county or riding, within which any city.

town,

33 4

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 36: [1765.

town, or place, Should not be rated to the rate called The county rate, the payment of the said sum of five pounds per man, upon the number of private militia men directed to be raised within every county or riding, should be divided and apportioned between each respective county and riding, and each such respective city, town, and place, within the same, and Should be paid in the manner directed by the said act: and whereas doubts have arisen about the method of enforcing the payment, of such sum and sums of money, as is and are in and by the said act of the fourth year of his present Majesty directed to be paid by such cities, towns, and places, as are not rated to the said rate called The county rate; for remedy whereof, be it further Where the enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any sum or sums of byTirtu^of6 money> w^ich ought to be paid by any such city, town, or the recited act, by any

place, not rated to the county rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the treasurer of the respective county, riding, or place, be-city or place, fore the tenth day of September, in every year, according to not rated to the true intent and meaning of the said act of the fourth year rate^allnot ^is Pre^cnt Majesty's reign, and of this act, the justices of be paid by io the peace for such county, riding, or place, shall, and they are Sept, yearly, to hereby required, at the next Michaelmas quarter sessions, to if-the treasurer sue out an order to the overseers of the poor of each respective the P31^ or pl*ce, within each city, town, or place, not rated to

their quarter the county rate as aforesaid, requiring such overseers to certify sessions are to and return to the said justices at their next Christmas quarter fef-issue an orderfions, the several Quota's that each parish or place (within such oversee^to c, ty* town> or place> not paying to the county rate as aforesaid) certify to the pays to the landtax for that year; and such overseers of the poor Xtmasquarter are hereby required to make such certificate and return accord-fclfontheir ingly; and upon such certificate and return being made, the said Quota^to the Ju^, ces f° assembled at their Christmas quarter sessions, are hereby land tax 5 authorized and required (by their bench warrant, directed to and according any constable or tythingman, within such respective parishes and thereto, a places) to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the iTto be fffue^ B°°^s anc* chattels of any churchwarden or churchwardens, or for levying the any overseer or overseers of the poor of each and every parish or sum on the place within such city, town, or place, not paying to the counchurch ward- ty fate as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any) to the own-seers 0(1 °VCr ers S°°^s anc* chattels, after such sum and sums of mo-

ney, together with the reasonable charges attending such distress

who are to be and sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and such churchwardens reimbursed and overseers of the poor shall be reimbursed the sum and sums of money so levied on them respectively, by the same ways and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed the money by them expended for the relief of the poor by any laws now in being.

VI. And whereas it frequently happens, thatpersons inrolled to serve in the militia, inlist themselves to serve in his Majesty's other forces, before the time of their service in the militia is expired, to the great prejudice of both services; and it is found by experience, that the provisions in the said act of the second

year

the same in like manner as the poor rates.

3 35

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 37.

year of his present Majesty's reign have been ineffectual for preventing this practice; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the parting of this where any ail, if any person who is (worn and inrolled to serve in the militia, person inrol-shall presume to inlist in his Majesty's other forces, contrary to led in the mi-the true intent and meaning of the said act, and of this act,

the overseer of the poor of the parish or place for which such jifty" other man serves, shall, as soon as it comes to his knowledge, acquaint forces, the adjutant of the regiment to which such militia man belongs, the overseer of with such inlisting; and such adjutant shall forthwith apply to the parish is to one of his Majesty's justices of the peace; and it shall and may admunt* be lawful for such justice of the peace for the county, riding, or therewith 5 place, for which any person so inlisted was inrolled to serve in who is to ap-the militia as aforesaid, to issue his warrant to apprehend such Ptya iu" militiaman; and such adjutant is hereby impowered to fend warranta any serjeant or fetjeants, drummer or drummers, belonging to and fend in such militia, to search for and apprehend, by virtue of such pursuit of the warrant, any militia man so inlisted as aforesaid; and it shall off^n(lcr 5 and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for any county, riding, or place, where any such militia man backed by any shall or may be found, to indorse such warrant (upon applica- other justices tien made to him for that purpose) and to cause such militia man to be apprehended and brought before him, or some other justice of the peace for the county, riding, or place, where such and aP-militia man shall be apprehended: and if it shall appear upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer) was not ac- S to^the* justice before whom such person shall be brought, thatauainted with such person was inrolled to serve in the militia at the time o such inroll-his inlisting to serve in his Majesty's other forces as aforesaid, fJnderiii^o be and did not acquaint the officer inlisting him therewith, such ju- committed to ftice is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to hard labour commit the person so offending to the house of correction of and for 3 months, belonging to the county, riding, or place, where such militia man shall be so apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour and the inlist-. for any time not exceeding three months; and such inlistinginS, s void; shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, null and void; unlesstheof-unless the officer with whom such person shall have so inlisted ficer pay 5l. shall, within the space of twenty days, pay to the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish or place for which such mi- Jjyg'n 20 litia man served, the sum of five pounds; which said sum of five to be applied pounds shall be applied in the same manner as the money direct- a* by act ed to be paid for militia men so inlisting as aforesaid is, by the,

said act of the second year of his present Majesty's reign, directed d, rc c to be applied.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for laying certain duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards

336 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 37. [1765.

wards raising, in such manner as may be leaf! burthensome to your Majesty's subjects, the necessary supplies for defraying the publick expences, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties herein after-mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and From and af- temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, ter 14. June, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the 2 — 5# twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

tiw°followine xt7 ve, t*ierc* rated, collected and paid, unto his to take olace: Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties viz. following; that is to say,

On every Cwt. of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported, 6d. and for every Cwt. thereof exported from Great Britain,1. 10s.

Duties to be paid down, without discount $ and without drawback;

and to be paid into the exchequer di-

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Turn of six pence, over and above all other duties imposed by any former act of parliament.

And for every hundred weight avoirdupois of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, which shall be exported from Great Britain to any parts beyond the seas, the sum of one pound ten shillings, over and above all other duties imposed thereon by any former act of parliament; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such goods.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties hereby charged upon Gum Senega or Gum Arabic imported into Great Britain, shall be paid down in ready money without any discount or allowance; and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the same goods; and shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are prefo ibed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting and paying, the duty of customs upon goods imported into this kingdom, by any act or acts of parliament now in force; and that the aforesaid duty hereby charged upon Gum Senega or Gum Arabic exported from Great Britain, shall be paid down without any allowance or deduction whatsoever, and shall be raised, levied, collected and recovered, in the same manner, and by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such allowances for goods loft at sea, as the subsidy of poundage for any goods and merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be raised, levied, collected and recovered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully to all intents and purposes as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the tody of this present act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the money arising by the several rates and duties herein before granted (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting.

1765.] Anno quinto GEORGII III. c. 38. 337

ing, recovering and paying the same) shall, from time to time, ftinft from all be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly oth*r branch-and apart from all other branches of the publidc revenue; and revenue, after satisfying the charges laid thereupon by any ad of this session of parliament, shall be there reserved, to be from time to time disposed of by parliament.

IV. And whereas it may be for the benefit and encouragement of the manufactures of this kingdom, to confine the exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and Exportation after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred ° from/Mrlc* and sixty five, no Gum Senega shall be exported from any port affined to or place upon the coast of Africa, unto any other place unless to Great Britain Great Britain on\y, under the like securities, penalties, and forfei- under tures, as are particularly mentioned in an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, in- a8 aremen-tituled, An act for the encouraging and increaseng of shipping andtioned in ad navigation j and also in an act of parliament made in the twenty x* Car« a* second year of his said majesty King Charles the Second, intituled.

An act to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, and regulating & 1*Car, 1«

the plantation trade, or either of them, with respect to the goods

in those acts particularly enumerated \ and all the provisions,

powers, and clauses, in the said recited acts, or in any other ad

of parliament now in force, for restraining the importation of any of the goods therein enumerated to Great Britain, or some of his Majesty's plantations, shall be applied, practised, and

put in execution, for restraining and securing the importation of

Gum Senega into Great Britain, according to the true intent and

+meaning of this act, as fully as if the several provisions, powers, and clauses relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to continue part of an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to render more effectual the several laws now in being, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for making further provisions for the preservation of the said roads.

WHEREAS y^ made in the thirtieth year of the reign Preamble, re.

of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act chine clauses to render more effectual the several laws nows in being, for the 3° amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turn- Gco§*pike roads of this kingdom, it was among/} other things enacted,

That during the time of seven year to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, the trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or under the authority of any act of parliament wade, or to be made, for making, repairing,

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 38. [1765.

or amending turnpiie roads, or such person or persons as are or shall be authorized by them, shall and mays and they are hereby required to demand and take for every waggon, wainy carty or carriage having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gage than nine inches from side to side at the least, at the bottom or foie thereof or for the horses or beafjs of draughts drawing the same, one half more than the tolls or duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively by any act or alls of parliament made9 or to be madey for making, amending, or repairing turnpike roads \ except carts or carriages drawn by one horse or two oxen, or by two horses or four oxen, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of six inches, at the bottom from side to side: and it is by the said all recited, That there are in several alls of parliament made for makings amending and repairing turnpike roadsy exemptions allowed from payment of tolls in particular cases in the said alls respectively mentioned and liberties allowed in particular cases to pay leffir tolls than are charged upon other waggonsy carts or carriages, passing through turnpike gates or bars; and that it would tend to the advantage and preservation of turnpike roadsy to confine such exemptions, liberties, privileges and advantages, to carriages with wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches; it is therefore enaHedy That during the time aforesaid, no persons shally by virtue of any of the said alls of parliament, havey claim or take, the benefit or advantage of any exemption from tolls, or part of tolls, or to pay lesser toll for or in respeQ of any waggon, wain, cart or other carriage, or horses drawing the Jamey than other carriages of the like nature ought to pay, unless such waggony wainy cart or carriagey have fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches, except as before excepted: and it is thereby also enabled, That during the time aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for any waggon or wainy having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforesaid, to pass upon any turnpike roady or through any turnpike gate or bar, unless the same be drawn by horses, or beafis of draught, in pairs; providedy that where there is an odd horjey or beast of draughty belonging to such waggon or wait:, it Should be lawful for such odd horse or beast of draughty to draw such waggon or wainy together with the other horses, or beafi of draughty drawing in pairs; and providedy that such horses, or beasts of draughty do not in the whole exceed the number of horses, or beasts of draughty allowed by law; and that it flmld not be lawful for any waggon or wainy having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gage than nine inches, to pass upon any turnpike roady or through any turnpike gate or bary if the same be drawn by horses or beafis of draughty in pairs, and not by oxen: and it is thereby likewise enabled. That any person driving, or causing to be drivetty on any turnpike roady any common Jlage waggon thereby prohibitedy shall be punished for the same by indiblment or information, and shall at the election of the prosecutor or informery for every such offence, be subject and liable to the like penalties and forfeitures as the owners of waggons and carriages, having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth or gage than nine inches from side to fidey are made subject and liable to$ by an abl made in the

1755.] Anno quinto GEORGII III. c. 38. 339

twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the amendment and preservation&act*6 Geo. a. of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto; to be paid and applied to such uses and purposes, and to be levied and recovered, as is thereby directed; and that no composition shall be made for or in respect of any waggon, wain, cart or carriage, or horses or beasts of draught drawing the same, unless such waggons, wains, carts and carriages, have the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches; except as before excepted: and whereas it will tend to the advantage and preservation of turnpike roads, that so much of the said at7 as is herein before recited Should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the g

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con- the7did aft sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this here recited present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, as is not That so much of the said act as is herein before recited, shall T (except only where the same is hereby altered or varied) be fur-is Conti-ther continued from the said twenty fourth day of June, one nued for the thousand seven hundred and forty five, for and during the time further term or term of seven years. of 7 year*.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall clause in the extend, or be construed to extend, to continue a clause in the recited act, said act, which enads. That during the continuance of the g.ra, Jt, ng Par-said act, the trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or^saJre^mp-1 under the authority of any act of parliament, made or to be made, paying full for making, repairing, or amending, turnpike roads, and such tons to broad person and persons as shall be authorized by them, shall and may, wheel car* and they are hereby required to permit and suffer all waggons, ages, rcpc c*wains, carts, and carriages, having the fellies of the wheels

thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches from side to side, at the bottom or foie thereof, and drawn according to law, to pass through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, within one hundred miles from London, upon paying only so much tolls or duties as shall not exceed one half or the full toll or duty payable for such waggons, wains, carts and carriages respectively, or for the horses or beasts of draught, drawing the same, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament made, or to be made, for making, repairing, or amending, turnpike roads; but the said clause, and every matter and thing therein contained, shall, exCept the from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thou- wheels shall land seven hundred and sixty five, cease and determine; exceptbe fi*t the wheels of such waggons and wains shall be fixed thereto in r.J|c'1e' the manner hereafter described and directed. m cn

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How the That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, the £h5e, s, a^e to trustees appointed or to be appointed by any act of parliament, order to intitle passed or to be passed, for the making, repairing, or amending, carriages to any turnpike road, or any person authorized and appointed by the exemption them, shall, during the time aforesaid, permit and suffer all from full waggons and wains, having the axle-trees thereof of such dif-t0"s*

Z*ferent

34

Surveyor per mitting any

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 38. [1765.

ferent lengths, that the distance from wheel to wheel, of one pair of the said wheels, be not more than four feet two inches, to be measured at the ground; and that the distance from wheel to wheel, of the other pair thereof, be such, that the fore and hind wheels of such waggons and wains shall roll a surface of at least sixteen inches wide, on each side of the said waggons or wains; and having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches from side to side, at the bottom or foie thereof; to pass upon any turnpike road, and through any toll gate or bar, upon paying only so much of the tolls and duties as shall not exceed one half or the full toll or duty payable, or by this act intended to be paid, for all waggons or wains having the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches from side to side, or for the horses or beasts of draught, drawing the same, and not rolling a surface of sixteen inches, in the man-

ner herein before set forth.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor or fur-«.7 veyors, or other person or persons, having the care of any tum-obstruction to pike road, shall, during the time aforesaid, suffer to be or re-remain on the main, for the space of forty eight hours, in any part thereof,

roads, within twelve feet on either side of the middle of such road,

any post or posts, heap or heaps of done, rubbish or earth, set up or raised in or above the surface of the said road, by which the passage thereof shall or may be obstructed, impeded, confined or straitened, such surveyor or other person shall forfeit and pay to the informer the sum of forty shillings; to be recovered before one justice of the peace, whether such justice be or be not a trustee of such road5 and shall be levied by distrefe and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, which warrant such justice is hereby impowered to grant: and if any person or persons shall think him, her or themselves, aggrieved by the determination of such justice, he, she or they may appeal to the general quarter sessions of the peace, who shall finally determine the matter, and allow such costs, not exceeding forty shillings, to either party, as such sessions shall think fit; in which case no Certiorari mall lie or be brought.

Where tru- And whereas the trustees appointed or to be appointed,

ftees shall neg- by any act or acts of parliament made or to be made, for mak-le& to meet ing, amending or repairing, any particular highways or roads, on the dy may have neglect ed, or may hereafter neglect, to meet on the day

their'first of aPP°^ntec^» or to be appointed, by any such act or acts respect-anyadjoumed ively, for their first meeting; or to meet on the day appointed or meeting*or to be appointed by adjournment for their meeting, or for want of for want of a proper adjournment; by which means, or some, or one of adjournment j them^ the intent of the said act or acts may be frustrated; be o?the clerfc, lt therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all or may appoint a either of the said cases, it shall be lawful for any two or more of meeting, giv- the trustees appointed or to be appointed by the said acts respectc-ing due no- ively, or their clerk or clerks, to cause notice in writing to be affixed on all the turnpikes that shall be then erected on the said

re*

forfeits 40s.

Appeal may be made to the quarter sessions.

1^>5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 38* 341

respective roads, or, if no turnpikes shall be then erected, to cause the like notice to be affixed, in the most conspicuous place, in one of the principal towns or places neared to which the roads directed to be repaired do lie, at lead ten days before the intended meeting, appointing such trustees to meet at such place where the preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place directed for the first meeting of such trustees, if no preceding meeting shall have been held; and the said trustees when met, in pursuance of such notice, shall and may, and they are hereby required to proceed to carry such act or acts into execution in the same, and as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes, as they might or could have done if no such neglect had happened.

VI. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the twen- ciaufein ty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Se-, 6 Geo. cond, intituled An act for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto; it is, amongd other things enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any waggon, or other four wheel carriage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches, to travel, pass or be driven, upon any turnpike road, with any number of horses, or beasts of draught, not exceeding eight; and for every cart, or other two wheel carriage, having the rellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage aforesaid, with any number of hoirfes, or beasts of draught, not exceeding five; without being fubied or liable to be weighed at any crane, machine or engine: and whereas great damage hath been done to the turnpike roads in many parts of this kingdom, by the excessive weights which have been carried by such waggons and carts; be it therefore So much of enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited act of the twenty sixth year of his said late Majesty, as Cmpts broad exempts such waggons, carts and carriages, from being weigh- wheel carried at any crane, machine or engine, shall be, and the same, age* from be-is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for all trustees appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, u\ereaicdi* by any act or acts of parliament for the repair of any highway or highways within that part of Great Britain called England, or for any five of them, at any or as many gate or gates, bar or bars, which they have erected or shall ered for the re-nd the tni-ceiving of any toll or tolls, or at any other convenient j"1-

place upon the said roads, during the time aforesaid, to order ered weigh-or cause to be built or erected, if they think fit, any crane, ing engines, machine, or engine, which they shall judge proper for the weighing of waggons, carts, or other carriages, for the conveying,

of any goods or merchandize 5 and by writing signed by them, or f"Ch wriages any five of them, to order all and every or any waggons, cans or as well as carriages (although thefelliesof thewheels of such waggons, cans, others, to be or carriages, shall be of the breadth or gage of nine inches) which shall pass through any such gate or bar, or which shall pass any SSeepAhofe such crane, machine or engine, to be weighed, together with with regulated

Z 3 the wheels)

and take (over and above the tolls) 108. per Cwt. for all waggons weighing above 6 ton;

Sc io8. per Cwt. for all cat ts above 3 ton;

to be applied to the repair of the said roads.

Act 14 Geo.

3W1II.& Mary.

Trustees not obliged to e-rest engines in pursuance of the said

for weighing broad wheel carriages.

Where hedges or fences shall be made with* in 30 feet of the centre of turnpike roads not inclosed on both fidesj or ground ploughed within 15 feet of the same; the hedges are to be taken down at the expence of the owner;

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 38. [1765.

the lading thereof (except such waggons and wains as aforesaid, the fore and hind wheels of which shall roll a surface of at lead sixteen inches wide, on each side of such waggons and wains); and for them, or any five or more of them, or for any person or persons impowered by them, or any five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the toll already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the sum of twenty shillings a hundred weight, for every hundred weight which every such waggon, together with the loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the weight of fix ton; and also the sum of twenty shillings a hundred weight, for every hundred weight which every such cart or other carriage, together with the loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the weight of three ton; and that the money arising from such additional duties of twenty shillings a hundred weight, shall be applied to the repair of such highway or highways, where such gate or gates, bar or bars, are or shall be placed; any thing contained in the said recited act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in an act, intituled An act for the preservation of the publick roads, in that part of Great Britain called England, passed in the fourteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second; nor in an act, intituled An act to explain and amend an act passed in the fourteenth year of his Majests reign, intituled An act for the preservation of the publick roads, in that part of Great Britain called England; and so much of an act passed in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the better repairing and amending the highways, and for settling the rates of tht carriage of goods; as relates to the settling of the rates of the carriage of goods, passed in the twenty first year of his said late Majesty, nor in this act, shall be understood to compel the trustees of any turnpike road to erect any crane, machine, or engine, for the weighing carts, waggons, or other carriages, having wheels of the breadth of nine inches, or to weigh the same.

VIII. And whereas inconveniencies have arisen for making hedges or other fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the foil of lands or grounds, near the middle or centre of turnpike roads; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the passing of this act, no person shall make, or cause to be m*dc, any hedge, or other fence, on any turnpike road not inclosed on both Tides, within thediftance of thirty feet, or plough or break up the foil of any land or ground within the distance of fifteen feet* from the middle or centre of any turnpike road made or to be made within this kingdom: and if any person shall hereafter make, or cause to be made, any hedge or fence contrary hereto, within the distance of thirty feet from the middle or centre of any turnpike road, it shall be lawful for the trustees for the care of such road, or any five or more of the n, to cause such hedge or fence to be taken down at the expence of the person or persons to whom the same shall belong;

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 38. 343

and in case such person shall neglect or refuse to pay such expense to the said trustees, or such person or persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals (which warrant such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and impowered) to levy the same by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus to the owner on demand: and if any person shall here-nd the P*r* after plough or break up the foil of any land or ground within wkhm°rhe 10g the distance of fifteen feet from the middle or centre of any turn- prohibited pike road, such person shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings; distance, for-and it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or ju- lattices of the peace of the county or place where such offence shall be committed, upon complaint to him or them made upon oath (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) to levy the same by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus to the owner, on demand.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Pe.rf0iv ag* fons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the de-tta^ termination of such justice of the peace, he, she, or they, may Quarter fcf-appeal to the general quarter session of the peace, who shall fi-nons. naiiy determine the matter of such appeal, and allow such costs,

not exceeding forty shillings, to either party, as such session shall think fit; in which case no Certiorari shall lie or be brought.

X. And whereas the trustees of several turnpike roads are Trustees may not sufficiently impowered to punish nuisances in the several prosecute for roads under their care; be it therefore further enacted by thenuifances authority aforesaid, That the said trustees of the several roadsc?mmit*cd 0tt respectively, or any five or more of them, may, and they are1"6 roads-hereby required, if they shall think fit, to direct prosecutions

by indictment against the offender or offenders for any nuisance done, committed, or continued, in, to, or upon, any of the turnpike roads under their care respectively, at the expence of the revenues belonging to such turnpike roads respectively.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Limitation of any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or per- actions* fons for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this act; then,

and in every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within (i# calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards 5 and the same, and every such action or suit, shall be brought in the county, riding, or place, where the person, against whom such action or suit shall be commenced, doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in the county or riding where the fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit,

shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the General ilue. special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this

Z 4 present

344

[Treble costs.]

freamble, reciting clause W act 7 Geo. x.

power given to the officers of the customs

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39. [1765.

present act: and if the same shall appear so to have been 5 or i^ any such ad ion or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other county, riding, or place, than as afore-mentioned, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

CAP. XXXIX. jin8 for more effectually preventing the mischiefs arising to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine trade to and from the Isle of Man.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An adfc for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign commissions j and for encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the IJk of Thanet; it is, amongst other things enabled. That no commodity of the growth, product or manufacture of the East Indies, or jother places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall be imported or carried into the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarke or Man, or other places in the said 0 Cl mentioned, but such only as shall be bona fide, and without fraud, loaden and shipt in Great Britain, in jlips navigated according to law, under the penalty of forfeiting all such goods, or the value thereof \ together with the jship or vessel in which they shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, to be f ixed and prosecuted as in the said act is directed: and whereas great quantities of tea and other goods of the product or manufacture of the East Indies, and other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, are imported from foreign parts and landed in the Isle of Man, contrary to the said in part recited act of parliament \ which goods, as well as great quantities of brandy and other foreign liquors, are brought from the said Isle of Man, and clandejiinely run a/bore in this kingdom, to the great prejudice of the trade and revenues thereof: to prevent which practices for the future, and to render the said act, as well as several other acts of parliament relative to the trade and revenues of this kingdom* more effectual 5 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ^hd common? in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, 6ne thousand seven hundred and sixty five*

all

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39. 345

all and every officer and officers of his Majesty's customs and and excise, to excise, shall have the same powers and authorities for visiting P^d^ch and searching of ships and vessels in any bay, harbour, river, iflc creek, or other place, in, of, or belonging to, the said l(le of 9

Many as are by any act of parliament provided for such officers visiting and searching ships or vessels within the ports or on the*coasts of Great Britain; and to seize and secure, either on the and to seize land or water, in the mannet directed or allowed by the several contraband acts of parliament in force in Great Britain any goods which gooas'

have been brought or imported into the said Isle of Many contrary to this or to any other act of parliament, or which shall be landed there, without payment of any duties which may be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Prohibited laid, That from and after the first day of June9 one thousand goods import-seven hundred and sixty five, no wrought silks, bengalls, and Grait duffs mixt with (ilk or herba, of the manufacture of Perfidy Britain,

Chinay or East India> nor callicoes painted, dyed, printed, or

Aained there, nor any cambricks or French lawns, shall be exported from Great Britain to the Pie of Man 5 and if any such may befeizeds goods shall be shipt or laden, or shall be concealed in the same and are for-package with any other goods which arc entered for, or are in- ^er with^e tended to be laden on board any ship or vessel bound from Great package. Britain to the said Isle of Many such goods shall be forfeited, as Y well as the goods contained in the same package therewith, whether the same shall be (hipt or laden, or not; and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer of his Majesty's customs.

III. And it is further enacted, That the Isle of Man shall be 10

added to, and included in, the bond which is now by law re- in {|Je bond to quired to be given, that such goods shall be duly exported, and be given on not relanded again in any part of Great Britain. exportation

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- £f fuc*! said. That from and after the first day of July, one thousand Britain.* seven hundred and sixty five, no foreign brandy/ arrack, rum, No foreLn strong waters, or spirits whatsoever, shall be imported or carried brandy or into the Isle of Many but such only as shall be bona fidey and spirits to be without fraud, laden and (hipt in Great Britain, and carried

thither directly from thence, upon the forfeiture of such goods, but from GMt or the value thereof, together with the ship or vessel in which Britain direct-they shall be imported or carried, with all her guns, furniture, ly» on forfei-ammunition, tackle, and apparel, to be seized and prosecuted turc of the as is hereafter directed and

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Spirits shipped said. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one inAmericato thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no rum, or other spirits, be condition-shall be shipped or laden on board any ship or vessel in any Bri-J°t to be tish colony or plantation in Americdy but on condition that the Sfl" of Man same shall not be carried to, or landed in, the Isle of Many un- under the pC. der the like securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as are pre- nalties of acts scribed and mentioned in two acts of parliament made in the i*&*5 Car.2. twelfth and twenty fifth years of the reign of King Charles the

Second,

346 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39. [1765.

Second, the former intituled An act for the encouraging and in- % creasing of flipping and navigation, and the latter intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trader and for the better securing the plantation trade, or either of them, with respect to the goods inthofea&s particularly enumerated; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. No foreign

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-

spirits to be said, That from and after the first day ot June, one thousand

thefeidMa0 seven hundred and sixty five, no foreign brandy, arrack, rum, carried coast- strong waters, or spirits whatsoever, shall be exported from the wife in calks Isle of Man, or carried coastwise from one part of the said ille under 60 gal- to another, in any ship or vessel of less burthen than one hun-lon# 1 t be ^rcc*tons; norn any ve^e^ or ca& under sixty gallons (except Smarted, °or onty ^or the u^c of the Teamen then belonging to, and on board exported, or such ship, or vessel, not exceeding two gallons for each Teaman, carried coast- nor shall any wine be iimported into, or exported from, the said wife in calks jflan^ or carried coastwise from one part of the said island to lons^and ^in* anorher, in any vessel or cask that shall contain less than twenty ships not less five galions, nor in any ship or vessel of less burthen than one than 100 tonsj hundred tons, upon forfeiture of all such goods, together with h>rflfUre or ve^e*> an<* ^er tackle, furniture, and apparel,

and eoocS. to^seized and prosecuted as herein after is directed. v(n.VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, hovering on That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven the coast, &c. hundred and sixty five, where any (nip or vessel whatsoever, with prohibit- having on board any goods, which by this or any other ad of board*°n Parliament Puffed in Great Britain, are made liable to forfeiture # for being brought or imported into, or exported from, or carried coastwise in the Isle of Man; or where any ship or vessel arriving from Great Britain, having on board any goods prohibited to be exported from thence into the ljleof Man, shall be found in any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to the said Isle of Man, or at anchor; or hovering within three leagues of the (bores thereof; or shall bedifeovered so to have been (unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distrefsof weather, of which necessity and distress, the master, purser, or person, having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel into any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to the said ljleof Man, give notice and make proof of before the collector or other chief are liable to officer of the customs resident at the nearest port in the said ifl-gTtherUwith°* anc0 goods, together with the ship or vessel in which

5ie goods. the same shall be found, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, shall be deemed and taken to be forfeited within the intent and meaning of this and such other acts whether bulk shall then have been broken or not, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise. No spirits to

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lie imported That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven into Great hundred and sixty five, no brandy, rum, strong waters, or spiritam rom rjtSj^ kind whatsoever, shall be brought or imported from the

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39. 347

the Isle of Man into Great Britainor Ireland* upon any pre-thepfle of tence whatsoever; and where any ship or vessel coining or arriving from the said Isle of Man, and having on board any such ? ef^m" brandy, rum, strong waters, or spirits (except only for the use thence, with of the seamen then belonging to and on board such (nip or vessel, spirits or not exceeding two gallons for each seaman) or any other goods or commodities which are prohibited to be imported from thence °found into Great Britain or Ireland, shall be found at anchor, or ho- hovering on vering within the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain or the coast, Ireland, or within three leagues of the (bores thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather j (of which necefllty and distress, the matter, purser, or other person, having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice to, and make proof of, before the collector or other chief officer of the customsof such port as aforesaid, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel into the said port) all such goods, to- arc uable to gether with the ship or vessel in which the same shall belo brought be forfeited, or imported, or on board which such goods shall be found as a- together with foresaid, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and the S00^8* apparel, shall be forfeited (whether bulk shall then have been broken or not) and the same shall and may be seized and sued for by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

IX. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the au- Seizures thority aforesaid, That all seizures made in pursuance of the where to be powers given by this act, shall and may be brought to any port loured and in Great Britain or Ireland, or into any port in the Isle of Man* 6011 c*and shall and may be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts

of record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any courts to be holden in his Majesty's name, or by virtue of his authority, in the said Isle of Man, at the election of the informer or prosecutor, and after condemnation, disposed of and divided in the same manner, and by the same rules, regulations and restrictions, as are prescribed and practised in respect to seizures made in Great Britain: and all the powers, provisions, articles, and clauses, in any act of parliament contained for the indemnity, ease, benefit, or relief, of officers of the customs or excise, making seizures in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall be observed, applied, practised, and put in execution, as well with respect to any seizure or prosecution made or carried on in pursuance of this act, as with respect to any action, suit, or prosecution, that may be brought or commenced against any officer or officers of the customs or excise, for any thing done in pursuance thereof, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same were particularly and at large re-enacted in the body of this present act.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Licenced

That from and after the first day of June* one thousand seven goods found hundred and sixty five, if any ship or vessel liable to seizure, ei- vc

ther for importing any goods into, or exporting any goods for " e to

6*the

34*

aretobelodg cd in the King's warehouses,

till claimed

and the officer is indemnified.

If no claim be made within 20 days.

the goods are to be advertised

and notice sent to the consignee, if known;

and if not claimed within 6 months)

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39: [176

the said Isle of Man, or for having any goods on board, contrary to this act, shall, at the time of seizure, be laden with any goods which are not liable to forfeiture, it shall and may be lawful for the officer seizing such ship or vessel, to bring such lad mentioned goods, with the vessel in which the same shall be laden as aforesaid, to Great Britain or Ireland, or into any of the ports of the said Isle of Man, and to secure such goods m his Majesty's warehouses until such time as the owner or proprietor of such goods, or the matter of the vessel, or some other person duly authorized by letter of attorney from such owner or proprietor, attested by a notary publick in the usual form, shall apply for the same to the respective of of the customs or excise at London or Edinburgh, or to the of of the revenue at Dublin, or to the collector or other principal officer of the customs or excise by whom the goods mall be secured; and such goods shall be thereupon delivered to the person so applying; to be disposed of as by law he may, upon giving a receipt for the same $ and the officer seizing such ship or vessel, or any person acting in his aid or assistance, or in securing such goods, shall not be liable to any action, suit, or prosecution, on account of the ttoppage or detention of such goods.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case no application shall be made for such goods as aforesaid, within the space of twenty days after the same shall be secured, in his Majesty's warehouse, the said respective of of the customs or excise in this kingdom, or the of of the revenue in Ireland, shall, with all convenient speed, cause the name or description of the vessel on board which such goods were laden, with the names of the matter or commander thereof, and of the officer by whom (he was seized, and the port to which (he was brought, to be published for three several weeks successively in the London Gazette, if such goods shall be secured in any port of England, and in any publick news paper printed at Edinburgh, if the goods shall be secured in Scotland, and in the Dublin Gazette, if the said goods, shall be secured in any port within the kingdom of Ireland; and if it shall appear to the said respective of, by any papers on board the vessel, to whom the said goods areconsigned, the said respective of shall cause the like notice to be transmitted to such consignee, by the common post; and in case the said goods shall be brought to the said Isle of Man, and secured there, the colleger, or other principal officer of the customs or excise, by whom the same shall be secured, shall cause the like notice to be affixed to the castle in Castle Town, and to the publick market-house in the town of Douglas; and if no application shall be made as aforesaid, for such goods, within the space of six months after such notice ha$ been given, published and transmitted, in the manner before directed, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain, and the of of the revenue in Ireland, and the collector or other principal officer of the customs or excise by whoa} the said goods

are

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39. 349

arc secured in The Ifleof Man, tocaufethe said goods to be pub -lickly sold by auction or inch of candle to the best advantage, Lid the duties and to apply the produce thereof, first, to or towards the char- and chargesto ges of warehouseroom, and other charges that shall arise there- be paid thereon; next, to the customs and duties that shall or may be due out* and payable for such goods 5 and the overplus (if any) to the proprietor or other person authorized to receive the same. w

XII. Provided always, That in case the said goods, or any goodstollbe part thereof, shall be perishable in their nature, it shall and may periiliable, be lawful for the said respective of and officers afore- they maybe said, to cause the same, to be forthwith fold, and the produce fold forthwith, disposed of and applied in the manner herein before directed.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Vessels failing said. That from and after the first day of June, one thousand fe- BhuinoiTre-ven hundred and sixty five, for every ship or vessel that shall land, for A-set fail out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, for any part of trica, &c. to Africa, or any of his Majesty's dominions out of this realm, fuf- £ive 1, 011(1 ficient bond shall be given, with one fui'ety besides the maftef, lurcly*

to the collector or other principal officer of the customs of the port or place from whence the said ship or vessel shall depart, to the value of one thousand pounds, if the said ship or vessel shall to take in

be of tess burthen than one hundred tons, and of the sum of any goods or two thousand pounds, if the ship shall be of greater burthen, (lores at the with condition that such ship or vessel shall not, during the courfeIflc of the voyage, take on board any (lores, goods, or merchandizes whatsoever, at the Isle of Man, nor out of or from any thence.

ship, vessel, or boat, at sea or elsewhere, any (lores, goods, or merchandizes, which shall have been brought from thence; which bond shall continue in force for one year, from and after the completion of the voyage; and in case no fraud shall appear within that time, it shall and may be lawful for the respective of of his Majesty's customs in Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them, to direct the said bond to be delivered up.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- PS.nalty said. That from and after the first day of June, one thousand fe- any cot-ven hundred and sixty five, all officers acting in the execution ruption, of this act shall be subject to the same penalties, forfeitures, and fi and, or disabilities, for any corruptions, frauds, connivances, conceal- coIlu^on* \n ments, or collusive agreements, in breach of their duty, as they

would be liable to if such offences were committed in Great Britain; and that every person who shall give or offer to give any °'P*r*

bribe to such officer or officers; or shall make any collusive a- b^es CrM>* greement with him or them; or who shall any wife obstruct, or obstru£ing moled, or assault, maim or wound, any such officer or officers, Qr aflauhing* or any other person acting in their aid and assistance, in thedue them; execution of their duty; or who shall be assisting or otherwise or afMing ia concerned either in the unshipping, landing, or receiving, any ron goods subject to the payment of duties, without paying the same,* or any goods prohibited to be imported into the said Tfle of Man, or in shipping or loading outwards any goods prohibited to be

exported

'350 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 39. [1765.

exported from thence, shall, in each and every such case, be subject to the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are provided by any act of parliament for the like offences in Great Britain i and every such offence and offences shall and may be en-<lu>rc<* examined, tried, and determined, in any county niSiing offen* within this kingdom or Ireland, in such manner and form, and den. 6 by the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as if the same offence had been therein committed $ or in any courts to be holden in his Majesty's name, or by virtue of his authority, in the said IJk of Man, according to the usual course of proceedings in such courts, at the election of the respeCfcive of of the customs or excise in Great Britain, or the of of the revenue in Ireland, under whose directions any suit, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced and carried on; and in case any suit, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced in pursuance of this act, in any of the courts in Great Britain or Ireland, the like process shall and may issue thereupon as would have issued if the said offence had been therein committed, and shall and may be directed to such person or persons as usually and ordinarily execute process issuing out of the courts of juliice in the said Isle of Man; and the same shall and may be executed by such person or persons in any part of the said Isle if Many or on board any ship, vessel, or boat, being in any bay, harbour, river, cr creek, of or belonging to the said Isle of Mm, or within three leagues of the (hores thereof; and the offenJer or offenders shall give the like bail and security for his and their appearance, and to answer the forfeiture and penalties incurred for such offence or offences, in the same manner and according to the usual course of proceeding upon such process in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and every person refidingor being in the said Isle of Man, who shall be there served with any process of Subpoena, issuing out of any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin, requiring such person to appear in the said courts respectively, ' either to answer any information, indictment, bill, or complaint, therein exhibited, or to give evidence upon the trial of any cause therein depending, shall be compelled to appear or attend as required by the said Subpoena, under the same pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as such person would incur and be liable to for refu/ing or neglecting to appear or attend, if he or they had been served with such process in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; which pains, penalties, and forfeitures, the said respective courts are hereby authorized and impowered to infliCl accordingly; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty of in-

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-furing the said, That all and every person and persons who, from and af-traudulent ter the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and conveyance of sixty five> shall by way of insurance, or other wise, undertake or from* he ?hid a8ree l^at any goods or commodities shall be carried to, or iCand. landed in, the Isle of Many or brought from thence or landed

in Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent and meaning

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 351

of this or any other act of parliament made in Great Britain or Ireland, or who shall pay, or agree to pay, any sum or sums of money for the insuring, conveying, or delivering, of such goods, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; one moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the use of his Majesty, his hei*s, and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs or excise as shall prosecute for the same \ to be sued for and recovered in like manner and form as any other forfeitures and penalties are by this act recoverable.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jnfurer con-That in case the insurer, conveyer, or manager, of or in such veyer, or ma-fraud, shall, within the space of six months after such transaction nager of such or agreement, first discover the same to the of of traud> dif-the customs or excise in England or Scotland, or to the commifli- fame12*° oners of the revenue in Ireland, he shall not only keep the infu-ranee money or ^premium given him, and be discharged of the " hrtitled to penalties to which he is liable by reason of such offence, but money^and shall have, to his own use, one moiety of the forfeiture which moiety*of the shall be recovered from the party making such insurance or a- forfeiture, greement > and in case the party or parties insured shall, with- Party; nfurea in the like space of six months, first make discovery thereof, in discovering is the manner before mentioned, he or they so discovering shall entitled to rerecover back such insurance money or premium as he or they hath or have paid upon such insurance or agreement, and shall m°*

have, to his and their own use, one moiety of the forfeiture which shall be recovered from such insurer, conveyer, or ma- and a moiety nager, as aforesaid, and shall be clearly acquitted and discharg- ofhe forfei-ed of the penalty hereby imposed upon him or them. ture*

CAP. XL.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of motiey out of the sinking fund, for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five \Jor further appropriating the sup- plies granted in this session of parliament \ for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a reward for their trouble, and for allowing further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attormes and solicitors.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and Ipyal subjects, the preambic commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned: and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's

Lj

35*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40.' [f7^5#

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ^'mcTcwtofby or out mon*es as shall, from time to time, be and

thTfinking ° rcma*nn the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, ex-fund, for the cedes, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the service of the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund after paying or reserv-current year ing foffident to pay all such sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued, and applied, for and towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, a sum not exceeding two million and one hundred thousand pounds, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high trea-to be issued by surer> or any three or more of the commissioners of the trea-mcto^ngly. ^Ul7 ^or t*lc t*me being, hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

Treasury im- D. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That

powered to in case the said of of his Majesty's treasury, or any raise the said three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any art ti?r an? t^irec or mor6 the of of the treasury for the time Ky loans or*being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said sum of two mil-exchequer lion and one hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, bills, on the by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after mentioned, ^that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per-w ng un.fQns^ natjvcs or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any fom or sums of money not exceeding the said sum of two million and one hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund, and to have and receive interest for the forbearance of the money lent, so as such loans be allowed to be made by the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high tfeasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to issue their warrants for that purpose as fast as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service; and moreover that no money to be lent upon the security of this act shall be rated or assessea to any tax or aflp Ament whatsoever.

Arir toifika And be it further enacted, That all and every person

witffbrderefor or Persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this repayment of act aforesaid, and pay the same into the receipt of the cxche-the money so quer, shall immediately have a tally of loan struck for the same, advanced 5 anj an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the same date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order (halt thereofto be be also contained a warrant for payment of interest for the for-paid quarter, bearance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until ly. the repayment of the principal; and all such orders for repay-

ment of money so to be lent shall be registred in course according.

17^5'J fiirmq quinto Georgii III. c. 40. '353

ing to the dates, respectively 5 and that all and every person and, Orders to be persons shall be paid in course, according as their orders (halL^S^'d* in stand registred in the said register books, so as the person orcour c* persons, natives or foreigners, his* her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said books of register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the said surplusses, excesses, or other revenues, and he,

(he, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and so successively and in course; apd that the monies to come in, of, or for the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively, without any undue preferenceof one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible lo any No undue other ufc, intent, or purpose whatsoever (other than such uses and {o b^riven it* purposes as are appointed by any other act or acts of parliament in payment, that behalf as aforesaid;,) and that no fee, reward, or gratuity di-redly or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of any of his Ma- nor fee to be jesty's subjects for providing or makiqgof any such books or regi- taken > iters, or any entries, views, or searches inor for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of °j? ^e'llJrc treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with mages, with full costs of suit; or if the officer himself take or demand any full costs. such fee or reward, then to Ipse his place also; and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in Juc prefer-Un* point of registry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of ^cePjn ^nt this act, by any such officer or officers, then the party offend- of registry or ing shall be liable by action of debt, or on the case, to pay the value payment} of the debt with full costs of suit to the party grieyed, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his master, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in case the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon such orders, according to each person's due place and order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, in such manner as aforesaid; all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages, and costs, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, -m ^y°o?r- or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by the courts of action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma- record at jesty's courts of record at IVcJiminJitr \ wherein no essoin, pro- Westminster. Vol. XXVI. A a tedion.

354 Anno qutnto Georgii III. c. 40. [1765.

te&ion, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of riftraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

No unduepre-

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall ffrthCC, M[r, Ch happen that several tallies of loan or orders for payment as a-or ordcit* forced, beat date, or be brought the same day to the auditor of brought the the receipt to be registred, then, it shall be interpreted no un-fame day, are due preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters entered first; them all the same day.

nor if fuble- V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any un-quest orders due preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the forePothtrs* auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers not*brought do PaY fahsequent orders to persons that come and demand in course } their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that < did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in so as money course, so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfy be reserved precedent orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but for the prece- kept for them; interest upon loan being to cease from the time dent orders. monCy js so reserved and kept in bank for them.

Power of af-

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and signment, and persons to whom any money shall be due for loans to be regi-method of (fred by virtue of this act, after order entered in the book of ^rtrg rcg*er as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by proper words of assignment to be indorsed and written upon his, her, or their order, may assign and transfer.his, her, or their right, title, interest, and benefit of such order, to any other; which being.notified in the office of the y auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of register aforesaid for orden (which the officers shall upon request without fee or charge accordingly make) shall intitle such assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and such assignee may in like manner assign again, and so Mies quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who hath or have made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII. And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain sum not to exceed in the whole the said sum of two million and one hundred thousand pounds, to be raised either by such loans as aforesaid, or by ifliiinj* exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those ways or means for the publick service $ be it further enacted by the au-If it shall be thority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's judged more treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high t^fSv may treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the tres-raise the fai$ fury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise.sum by ex- the said sum of two million and one hundred thousand pounds, chequer bills Qr any part thereof, by exchequer bills, instead of such loans loans. of as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of

ie

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40^ 355

of new exchequer bills, for any sum or sums of money ribt exceeding in the whole the said sum of two million and one hundred thousand pounds, together with such loans aforesaid, in the same or like manner, form, or order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty, certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All advanta-That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, gcsn4 pe-advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in makadtVf the said last mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer this session, bills authorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses relating to as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and'1?*1 or except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the hereby au-forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act) shall be thorized to* applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in pur- be made forth, fuance of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and pur- c*tcn^to poses as if the said exchequer bills haa been originally autho- this

rized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all The said ex-

the exchequer bills, which shall be made in pursuance of this chequer.bills, aft, and the interest, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or are

attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and charge- to be paid out able upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of, the of the linking growing produce of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplusunc* monies, ot other revenues composing the sinking fund (except

such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

X. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority Bank autho-aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma- 1 c* um* jesty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit

of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two million and one hundred thousand pounds; any thing in an act made in the fifth and notwirhstand-sixth years of the reign of King iViUiam and Queen Mary, in-6

tituled, An act for granting to their Majesties several rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and Vffiels, and upon beer, ale, and otherli-

A a 2 qktrs'y

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40.

[176 5.

quors \ for securing certain recompenses and advantages in the said act mentioned to fuel) per font as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstand* ing.

Sums to be

XI. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, applied; viz. That the sum of one hundred thirty five thousand two hundred iV remainine *rt^en Poun^s> 6VC shillings, and one farthing, remaining in in the exche-5 the receipt of the exchequer on the tenth day of October, one quer on 10O&. thousand seven hundred and sixty four, for the disposition of par*

176+* unap. liament, of the monies which had then arisen of the surplusses. Sinking fund- exce^es» or overplus-monies, and other revenues of the fund

308.0001. a-commonly called The Sinking Fund; and also a sum not exceed-

greed to be ing three hundred and eight thousand pounds, of the monies a-

paid by the greed to be paid by a convention between his Majesty and the

01^2° FebmS Trench King, concluded andfignedat London the twenty seventh 1?^7. day of 'February one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, for

80.0001. re- the maintenance of the late French prisoners of war; and also

maining in the sum of eighty thousand pounds remaining in the receipt of

qucrXC ranted t^e exchequer, granted to his Majesty in the last session of partly lait session liament, upon account, for defraying the charge of the pay and for pay and cloathing of the militia, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth cloathing of day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and 12 000 lia*a ^um not exceeding twelve thousand pounds, out of the

Produce of the monies which shall Srife of the produce of the duties laid by an duties grant- act made in this session of parliament, upon the importation and d this session exportation of gum senega and gumarabic, shall and may be if-

aa and rum an<* aPP^e(* at ^ai<* receipt5 for and towards making arabicj m good l^e kid supply; and the Commissioners of his Majest/s treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized and impowered tp issue and apply the same accordingly.

*5*>74ol.is. xil. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the exceed- That the sum of two hundred fifty one thousand seven hundred ingsof the fe- and forty pounds, two shillings, and fevfcn pence, three farthings, be granted to his Majesty, upon account, out of the monies remaining to be applied, of the exceedings of the several sums provided by parliament for sundry services, and of the monies that have been paid into the hands of the paymaster-general of his Majesty's land forces, by contractors and others, to the in to the pay- twenty third day of March, one thousand seven hundred and rofb^coru6 flxly ^ve» towards discharging such unsatisfied claims and demands, for expences incurred during the late war in Germany, as appear to be due by the reports of the of, ap-

veral fpms granted for undry services, and of the monies paid

b

claims am

by

tractors and others, to be applied point'ed towards dil- 1 - -charging the uafatisned claims for expences incurred in.i Germany dur- inSv ing the late war §

his Majesty, for examining and dating such demands; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accord-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 357

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 60, 0001. out That a sum not exceeding sixty thousand pounds of the monies 0rantccTthe10* arisen or to arise out of such of the duties granted or continued session, by an act made in the last session of parliament, as were thereby

directed to be reserved in the exchequer to be disposed of by and refenred parliament, towards defraying the necessary expences of defend- "^po-

ing, protesting, and securing, the British colonies and planta- ilament, P tiens in America, be issued and applied towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in the plantations, and for provi- to he applied fions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfound-^in?ngthein* land, and the ceded islands, for the year one thousand seven forces and hundred and sixty five; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's garriforfs in treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of America, them, or the high treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au- Appropria-thority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exche- tien of the quer either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one act of this fef- supplies. fion of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to

his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and so malTuxf*much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted, as

shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same act, and all the interest, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by

loans or exchequer bills, upon one other act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by jancj tax a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 9

one thousand seven hundred and sixty five\ and so much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same act, and all the interest, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges allowable thereby for raffing the said land tax, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds granted by one other act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain jaanj^sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year % one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and also the said sum of one hundred thirty five thousand two hundred thirteen and other pounds, five shillings, and one farthing, remaining in the re- turns remain-ceipt of the exchequer, on the tenth day of October, one thou- ifl the ex*, sand seven hundred and sixty four, for the disposition of parlia- che<laer»c* ment, of the monies which had then arisen of the surplusses, excestes, or overplus monies, and other revenues of the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund\ and also the said sum not exceeding three hundred and ei^ht thousand pounds, of the

358 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1765.

monies agreed to be paid by a convention between his Majesty and the French King, concluded and signed at London the twenty seventh day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, for the maintenance of the late French prisoners of war; and also the said sum of eighty thousand pounds remaining in jthe receipt of the exchequer, which was granted to his Majesty in the last session of parliament, upon account, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and also the said sum not exceeding twelve thousand pounds, out of the monies which shall arise of the "Dqtieton produce of the duties laid by an act made in this session of par-aXuina- liament upon the importation and exportation of Gum Semga rabic, and Gum Arabic; and also the further sum of two million and I

and one hundred thousand pounds by this act granted, out of such

a^eef out of mon*es as shall or maY ar^e "le farplusses, excesses, or over-Sefinking ° P*us tnonies, and other revenues, composing the fund common-fund; ly called The Sinking Fund, shall be further appropriated; and

together with are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and the residue or towards the several uses and purposes herein after expressed, to-arffing by the get^cr with the residue of the mon es arising from the sale of saie of French French prizes taken before the declaration of war, which his present Majesty has declared in a most gracious speech to his parliament

in the last session, that he has directed for the ease of his subjects, to be applied to the publick service. yiz. out of

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, the aids in That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as afore-general, said, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums ii439»mh of money, not exceeding one million four hundred thirty nine wards naval thousand seven hundred thirty four pounds, eleven shillings, and fe'rvices here- three pence, for or towards the naval services herein after parti-^speci/ied. cularly expressed (that is to say)f or or towards viduals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards sea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half pay to sea and marine officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand two hundred and eighty seven marines; and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs, of his Majesty's ships, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore-f, 0001. to said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there

port of Green- faall anc* may be and applied any sum or sums of money,

prick hospital. not exceeding five thousand pounds, upon account, to be applied by the of or governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, for the support and relief of featnen, worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country, who shall not be provided for within the said hospital.

*,3il. 17 s.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore-6d. bounty to said, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there faiiis who aP ^all an<* may ^ue<* anc* applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand two hundred thirty one pounds,

seventeen'

74-«n 1-»j* tod. for charge of the

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 359

seventeen shillings, and six pence, for paying a bounty, for the ferred in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, of two shillings navy the last and six pence per day to fifteen chaplains; and of two shillings w per day to fifteen more chaplains, who have served longed on hoard his Majesty's ships of war, provided it appears by the books of the said ships, that they have been adtuahy borne and muttered thereon for the space of four years during the late war with France and Spain, and provided likewise, that such chap* lains do not enjoy the benefit of some ecclesiastical living or preferment from the crown or otherwise, of the present annual value of fifty pounds.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or Turns of money, office o^ord not exceeding one hundred seventy four thousand six hundred nance, for fevfenty three pounds, fifteen shillings, and ten pence, for the the year 1765. charge of the office of ordnance for land service, for the year

one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there said office, for shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, services per-not exceeding fifty five thousand five hundred nineteen pounds, formed m ten shillings, and seven pence, for defraying the expence of fer-, 7*4?ded for vices performed by the office of ordnance for land service, and pnm or* not provided for by parliament, in one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, », 001, Soil.

That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall ^js th*°" and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not £n<j forges exceeding two million one thousand six hundred two pounds, ten and ocher fer-shillings, six pence, and one eighty eighth part of a penny, for vices in gene-and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and other fer- J^ibieh vices herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, any 6oS., 3ol. 10s. sum or sums of money, not exceeding six hundred eight thou- 7d. for guards sand one hundred thirty pounds, ten millings, and seven pence, and garrisons for defraying the charge of seventeen thousand four hundred and ^rou-rn"

twenty one effective men, commissioned and non-commissioned fcy"*anci % officers included; and including two thousand six hundred and jersey; twenty eight invalids, for guards, garrisons, and other his Ma- 3*7, s0ll* 31* jetty's land forces in Great Britain, Guernsey % and Jersey, for the "^t(l; year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum in^Garri*. or sums of money, not exceeding three hundred twenty leven fons in the thousand five hundred and two pounds, three shillings, and plantations, eleven pence halfpenny, for further maintaining his Majesty's Minorca, and forces and garrisons in the plantations, including those in garri-

son at Minorca and Gibraltar; and for provisions for the forces for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and abroad'; the ceded islands, for the year one thousand seven hundred and 3s*

sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding six thousand three hundred forty six pounds, three shillings, and fence of pay five pence, for defraying the charge of the difference of pay be-

A a 4 tween

Anno quinto GEORGir III. C. 40; [1765^.

tween the British and Irish establishments of five regiments of foot serving at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded islands, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding eleven thousand two hundred ninety one pounds, eight shillings, and six pence half-penny, for the pay of the general and general staff officers in ceded iflanch- Great Britain, for the year one thousand seven hundred and 11, 191l. s s. 'sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding'

360

between the British and Irish establish meats of 5 regiments of foot at Gibraltar, Mi-

general and general staff officers; 80, 0001. to-

of the land forces, and marines; 4, 3611. 14s

ficers and gentlemen of horse guards, &c. reduced;

eighty thousand pounds upon account, for dehaying thfc charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia for one year, beginning1 the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one wardspay and hundred thirty five thousand six hundred six pounds, twelve cloathing of shillings, and six pence, upon account of the reduced officers of i cTofiuVas. Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thou-fed'to the re- fend seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of mo-duced officers ney, not exceeding two thousand three hundred sixty one pounds, fourteen shillings, and two pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the several officers and private gender men of the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse sd. to the of- reduced, and to the superannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand six hundred sixty four pounds, for the paying of pensions to the widows of such reduced officers of his majesty's 1, 664l. to the land forces and marines as died upon the efiablifiunent of hal£> pensions of pay in Great Britain, arrd who were married to them before the

dows*S twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred anid

ioo[io7l. iSs. sixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; 4d.'to the and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred nine out-petition- thousand one hundred seven pounds, eighteen shillings, and £r8r°/Chrifea four pence, upon account, towards defraying the charge of out-10, 3431* 16 s. Pensioners of Chelsea hospital, for the year one thousand seven9d. subsidy to hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not ex-the duke of ceeding ten thousand three hundred forty three pounds, sixteen shillings, nine pence, and seven eleventh parts of a penny, to enable his Majesty to defray the charge of the subsidies due to the duke of Brunswici, pursuant to treaties, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding fifty thousand pounds, on account, towards assisting his Majesty to grant a reasonable succour in money to the landgraie of Hejfe Cajfely pursuant to treaty; and peaces of the any ^um or ^ums money> not exceeding four, hundred four land forces, thousand four hundred ninety six pounds, seven shillings, and six pence, for defraying the extraordinary expences of his Majesty's land forces, and other services incurred between the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and the twenty fifth day of December9one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and not provided for by par-48, 159l. 173 liament; and any sum or lums of money, not exceeding two d.'iq. to- hundred forty eight thousand two hundred fifty nine pounds, seventeen shillings, and four pence farthing, upon account, towards

Brunswick;

50, 000l. (uc-scour to the landgrave of Hesse Caflel 5 404, 4961. 7 s. M* extraor-

and other fer vices, incurred in 1764* not provided for

17^5.] Anno qvilnto Georoix IIL 0.40. 361

*ards farther discharging such unsatisfied claims and demands, wards the un-for expences incurred during the late war in Germany, as appear Satisfied to be due by the reports of the of appointed by his Germany Majesty, for examining and dating such claims and demands; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding six thousand four hundred ninety one pounds, seventeen shillings, four pence, 5, 49, 1. and one eighth part of a penny, for defraying the chaise of three 44* charXc of independant companies of foot to be raised for his Majest/s fer- 3 independant vice on the coast of Africa, and for provisions for the same from Africa"1* the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred9 and sixty four, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, both days inclusive, being three hundred and sixty five days,

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall 800, 000 L to-and may be issued and applied the Aim of eight hundred thou- wards paying sand pounds, for paying off and discharging the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an zA passed in the last session of parlia- puefuanttoan ment, intituled An act<U1 for raising a certain sum of money by loans act of the last or exchequer bills, and for (Applying certain monies remaining in the session j.exchequer, for the ftrvtce of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for application of certain savings of public monies, and of monies arifth by the sale of military flares; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliaments and for relief of persons who have omitted to mfert in indentures, or other writings, the full sum agreed to be paid with clerks, apprentices, and other servants 5 find charged upon the first aids to be granted in this session of parliament.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there j shall and may be issued and applied any sum or films of money, 3. for del not exceeding four thousand nine hundred eleven pounds, four- fray in the teen shillings and eleven pence, upon account, for maintaining ^VII ejJ*fh-and supporting the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of Nova

Nova Scotia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty9five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding seven thou- 7|000 j. fa land pounds, upon account of sundry expences, for the fer- sundry ex-vice of Nova Scotia, in the years one thousand seven hun- ll}- dred and fifty, one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, ^famtr one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, one thousand not seven hundred and sixty two, and one thousand seven hundred provided for; and fixtvthree, and not provided for by parliament; and any sum orlums of money, not exceeding three thousand nine hun- 3l96sl. for the dred and sixty six pounds, upon account, for defraying the civil eitabift-charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of ment of Geor- Georgiay and other incidental expences attending the same, from &151*the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, to the twenty fourth of June, one thousand seven I. hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding five thousand and two hundred pounds, upon account, East Florida; for defraying the charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of Eafi Florida, and other fpcidental expences attending

5, tool, for the civil e-blifltment of

1, 601 1. if s. towards expence of general surveys in America;

50001. towards build-

j6a Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1765.

tending the same, from the twenty fourth of June % one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, to die twenty fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding five thousand and two hundred pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of West Florida, and other incidental ex-

West Florida; pences attending the lame, from the twenty fourth of June, one thousariid seven hundred and sixty four, to the twenty fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand six hundred one pounds and fourteen shillings, upon account, for defraying the expence attending general surveys of his Majesty's dominions in North America, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore*

That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there

ing a are.anj may be issued and applied any Aim or sums of money, 38, 0001. to not cxcc^ding five thousand pounds, towards building a lazaret; the Foundling and any sum, or sums of money, not exceeding thirty eight HpfpitaL thousand pounds, upon account, towards enabling the gover* nors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and edu* cation of exposed and deserted young children, to maintain and educate, or to place out as apprentices such children as were received into the said hospital on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four inclusive, to the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five inclusive, and that the said sum be issued and paid for the use of the said hospital without fee or reward, or any deduction whatsoever.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money,

settlements in not exceeding thirteen thousand pounds, to be employed in Africa; maintaining and supporting the British forts and settlements up-7, 000 1. for a

13, 0001. for maintaining the British forts and

block house at Cape Ap-polonia j 5, 500 1. for defraying

on the coast of Africa, and putting the said forts into better repair; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding fevea

thousand pounds, for building a block house at or near Cape Appohnia, oil the coast of Afrita; and any sum or sums of mo-. _ nev, not exceeding five thousand and five hundred pounds, up-dvlll^establish- on account, for defraying the charges of a civil establishment ment upon upon that part of the coast of Africa, situate between the port the coalt of of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge, for the year one thou-

Africa; sand seven hundred and sixty five.

*, 001, to

XXV. And it is hereby also further en ailed by the autho-make good to rity aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies afore* his Majesty said, there shall and may be issued and applied the sum of two Jh hk? sum thousand and four hundred pounds, to make good to his Ma-(Uance of ad-" Jc % r^c ^um which has been issued by his Majesty's orders dresses of the in pursuance of the addresses of the house of commons; and house of com- any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, mons i xo enable his Majesty to give a proper compensatiop to the government

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 363

ment of the island of Barbadoes, for the assistance given by them 10, 0001. com-to his Majesty's forces under the command of major general Potion to Monckton, in the expedition against the istand of Martinico; and ment°of the any sum or sums of money, not exceeding seven thousand island of Bar-pounds, to be paid into the chamber of the city of London^ to- badoes. wards the finishing and compleating the works for improving, widening, and enlarging the passage over and through London tQ Bridge, without account, other than as is directed for the £arcj8 repair-monies raised by an act made in the twenty ninth year of his ing London Jate Majesty's reign, intituled An act to improve, widen y and en- Bridge; large, the passage over and through London Bridge.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1761. r s.

said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there n d.*q. to shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, fund

not exceeding forty eight thousand one hundred seventy fix the deficiency pounds, one shilling, and eleven pence halfpenny, to replace of the duties to the sinking fund the like sum paid out of the same, to make on offices and good the deficiency on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven and

hundred and sixty four, of the several rates and duties upon of- wl w fices and pensions, and upon houses, and upon windows or

lights, which were made a fund by an act of the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty for paying annuities at the bank of England, in respect of five millions borrowed towards the sup- 49>74* 1* ply granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hun-? icj-t(? dred and fifty eight; and any sum or sums of money, not ex- Jj^ing fund, ceeding forty nine thousand seven hundred forty two pounds, the deficiency one shilling, and two pence halfpenny, to replace to the sinking of the addi-fund the like sum paid out of the same, to make good the defici- tlonal d.ut, ef ency on The tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred T

and sixty four, of the several additional duties upon wines im- and upon cy-ported into this kingdom; and certain duties upon all cyder and der andpenyi perry which were made a fund by an act of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for paying annuities in respect of 139, 3411. is. three million five hundred thousand pounds, borrowed towards 4 <* to re-the supply granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any sum or sums of money, not ||"c annuities exceeding one hundred thirty nine thousand three hundred forty granted in re-two pounds, two shillings, and four pence, to replace to the spe& of navy sinking fund the like sum issued thereout, for paying annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum for the year, ended the cauncclied: C# twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, which were granted in respect of certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures, de-14J»66° livered in and cancelled pursuant to an act of the third year of I^ede* the reign of his present Majesty; and any sum or sums of mo- ficiency of the ney, not exceeding two hundred forty nine thousand fix hun- grants for the dred sixty pounds, four shillings, and ten pence, to make good year* the deficiency of the grants for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-

foresaid, That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, Reapplied to

no other uses.

364 Anno quinto Georgii III.-c. 40. [1765.

shall not be issued or applied to any use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, other than the uses and purposes before mentioned, or for the several deficiencies, or other payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any act or acts or any particular clause or clauses for that purpose contained in any other act or acts of this present session of parliament.

Ru!c« to be XXVIII. And, as to the said sum of one hundred thirty observed in the thousand six hundred six pounds, twelve shillings, and six pence application of by this act appropriated on account of half-pay as afore-the half pay. said, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the rules herein after prescribed, shall be duly observed in the application of the said half-pay; that is to say, That no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who was a minor, and under the age of sixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he served, was reduced; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, except such person who did actual service in some regiment, troop, or company$ that no person having any other place or employment ot profit civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Gmt Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who has resigned his commission, and has hud no commission since; that no part of the same shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons, as would have been otherwise intitled to the same as reduced officers; and that no part of the same shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIX. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An dflfor raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for application of certain Javings of publick monies, and of monies arisen by tbt sale of military flores; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for relief of persons xoho have omitted to insert in indentures, or other writings, the full sum agreed to be paid with clerks, apprentices^ and other servants; the several supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein expressed; amongst which, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding thirty thousand one hundred and eighty eight pounds, and eighteen shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and (ix-ty four, and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred and twenty five thousand four hundred and fifty five

poundsj

Recital of clauses in

aft Geo.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 40. .365

pounds, and thirteen shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces reduced and disbanded in the year ope thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and such as were to be reduced and disbanded for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; subject nevertheless to observed ilt such rules to be observed in the application of the said hajf-pay, the applica-as in and by the aforesaid act were prescribed in that behalf: now tien of the it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by the authority surplusoftht aforesaid, That so much of the said sums of thirty thousand one 88?* hundred and eighty eight pounds, and eighteen shillings; and lS one hundred and twenty five thousand four hundred and fifty 1*5, 4551.131. five pounds, and thirteen shillings, as are or shall be more than appropriated sufficient to satisfy the said reduced officers, according to the L" y^ent^of^ rules prescribed by the said act to be observed in the application Vcduced'of-, thereof, or anypartof such overplus, shall and may be disposed of fleers, to such officers who are maimed or have lost their limbs in the late wars, or such others, as by reason of their long service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants, under his Majesty's royal sign manual, as shall be signed in that behalf; any thing in this act, or the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, certain duties were laid upon offices and employments; and the monies thereby arising in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, were directed to be paid at Edinburgh, to such person or persons as the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, Should constitute and appoint to be receiver general, or receivers thereof, for his Majesty's use; but no provision hath been made, or authority given, for allowing Receiver of any compensation, or granting any reward, to such receiver or the duties on receivers, for his or their trouble in the receiving the said mo- and nies, and in the paying and accounting for the same; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and allowed to remay be lawful to and for such receiver or receivers, to retain out tain 3d. in of the monies which have been and shall be paid into his or tJjc P0UI!d of their hands in pursuance of the said act, such sum, as a com- ^Wed'by pensation or reward for his or their trouble, as his Majesty, his him.^heirs, and successors, shall appoint, not exceeding three pence in the pound.

XXXI. And whereas some persons have omitted to cause af- Further time fidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper of- allowed, to fice, of the actual execution of several contracts, in writing, o0*7*5» entered into by them to serve as clerks to attornies or follicitors, within the time in which the same ought to have been done, of clerkship, and many infants and others may thereby incur certain disabi- See. omitted lities; for preventing whereof, and relieving such persons, be° be done in it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every per- "ue Ume' son who hath neglected or omiited to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, and who, on or before

the

3 M

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. [1765.

[Preamble.]

Alphabetical lifts to be made out of prisoners in custody for debt on i lan. 1765, or fiuce then the tenth day of October> one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall cause one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, in or by any act or acts of parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any such neglect or omission, in not causing such affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed in such manner as the same ought to have been; and every such affidavit and affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said tenth day of October as aforesaid, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been so made and filed.

CAP. XLI.

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors.

WHEREAS manjr persons by losses and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost satisfaction they can, and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by sea and land, yet are aetained in prison by their creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objects of publick compassion; and by several acts of parliament, have been discharged on the conditions in such acts mentioned; for the relief therefore of insolvent prisoners and fugitives who shall comply with the terms contained in this act to be respectively observed by them, and faithfully discover, upon oath, and deliver up and assign, all their effetfs and estates whatsover for the benefit of their creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible, the many frauds and abuses which, in a great measure, haveob-strulted the^good ends of such acts; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, all and every gaoler, or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, mall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or persons who, upon the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, was or were, or at any time since have been, and at the time of making out every such lift shall be, really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, of keeper of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, contempt, or otherwise, and an account of the time

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. 367

when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charg- with the time ed in custody, or received in prison, together with the name or "hen charg-names of the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution such ^ofefuit prisoner or prisoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the same to the justices of the peace at their first or second general or ge- the same to neral quarter sessions of the peace, to be held after the seventeenth to the^aar-day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or at tcr fdfions. some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the warden of his Ma- The warden iefty's prison of the Fleet, and marshal of the King's Bench prison, of the FJeet» shall Severally, on the delivering in of any such list of prisoners of the Khia's in their respective custody, take an oath in the open court of Bench prison, such general or general quarter session of the peace, or at some to take the adjournment thereof, to the effect following; (that is to say) following oath

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do ^their solemnly swear, profess and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are infer ted and contained in the first part of the life by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were to the befe of my knowledge and belief upon v the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, really and truly prisoners, in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of [insert the name of the prison] at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein ref peftively mentioned; and also that all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said life now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, nave, fence the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, been committed or surrendered to the fetid gaol or prison of [insert the name of the gaol or prison] at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned \ except such person or persons who is or are in fetch lift particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other prison, by process of law, fence the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five \ and also except such person or persons who is or are in such lift particularly mentioned and described to have been permitted to have gone out of the fetid prison, by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas or King's Bench, as the case shall be] fence the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to transact their affairs: and also except such person or persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and described to have, upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, orfence, been in the rules of the said prison [of the Fleet or King's Bench, as the case shall be] by leave of the [warden or marshall of the said prison, as the case shall be] and have to the best of my knowledge and belief really and truly, ever fence conti-trued and remained in actual custody in the said prison of the [Fleet, or King's Bench, as the case shall be] or the liberties thereof at the suit or suits of the several persons in the said lift respectively mentioned [and if any prisoners have, since the said first day of January} one thouund seven hundred and sixty five, escaped out of a either

368 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. [»7^5.

either of the said prisons, then insert, except [insert the name or names of the prisoner or prisoners who have escaped] who, without my knowledge, privity, or consent, hath or have escaped out of the said prison of and that the said lift is a true, exafl, ptr-

fefly and just lift of all such per font who were really and truly prisoner s in actualcustody in the said gaol or prison of on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and who, ftnce the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty fivey have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in the said gaol or prison of or the liberties thereof; and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, or with my privityhave voluntarily, or with design, or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered themselves, or been committed to the said prison, or got their names entered as prisoners in the books of the said prison; or since the same first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have refsded out of the said prison of or the rules thereof [but it any have

so done, add except naming such by namej

And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison or totakfthe Pr^ons in any county, city, town, riding, division, place, or following oath liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such lift respecton delivering tively, take an oath in the open court of the general or general in their lifts, quarter session of the county, city, town, division, liberty, or place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such lift, and swear to the effect following; (that is to say)

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every per-fion and persons, whofit name or names arc inserted and contained in the first part of the lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the left of my knowledge and belief upon the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, really and truly pr if oners in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of at the

fiat or fiats of the fevered persons therein respefhvely mentioned \ and also that all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, ftnce the said first day ^January, one thousand seven hundred andsixtyfive, been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of (if any such

prisoner or prisoners hath or have, since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prison) at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned \ except [if any exception is necessary] such persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other prison by procefi of lazy, or to have escaped out of such prison, without my privity, knowledge, or consent, since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty fivet and that

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. 369

)ellani every of them, whose name and names is and are contained in }the first part of the said lift (except as before excepted) to the best of wy knowledge and belief have really and truly continued and remain-id in actual custody, in the said gaol or prison of everftnce the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and that the said lift ts a true, exaCi, persect, and just lift, of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the gaol or prison of on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and who, fence the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of (except as before excepted) to the best of my knowledge and belief; and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design, or in expectation to take any benefit, from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered, or been committed to the said prtion of or got his, her, or their name or names enter-

ed as pris oner or prisoners in the books of the said prison, or, fence their commitment, have, to my knowledge, or with my privity, resided out of the said prison of [if any have so done, then add

except inserting their names]

Which said respective oaths the said justices at the first or second

general or quarter session aforesaid, or at some adjournment

thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby impow- by the ju.

ered and required to administer in open court; and the words dices in court.

of the said oath herein before directed to be taken by the said warden and marshal respectively, shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every other gaoler or keeper respectively, shall be entered or anl5n^r^L

written at the end or bottom of the lift which shall be delivered bottom

by them respectively, and shall be subscribed, and sworn to by of each lift.

them respectively in open court: and every such lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of£pt

this act, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace of every such oLh/peace.

+county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in which any such list as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 9?Plcs°f*bc That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol |, v*reci in to" or prison, is and are hereby required, ten days at least before be fix'd up in the first or second general or quarter session of the peace shall he the prisons, held after the said seventeenth day of June, one thousand seven a°d onrhe hundred and sixty five, for the county, riding, division, city, Satcs hereof, town, place, or liberty, in which any such gaol or prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up, in some conspicu-Vol. XXVI. Bb ous

370 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. [1765.

ous place or places in every such prison, and at the most frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance into every such prison, three or more true copies of the list or lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper, at the said general or quarter session, or at some adjournment thereof. Persons in-

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and Uft^beinthC Persons whose name or names shall be inserted in any such lift prisonersf to delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the first day of Ja-without a nuary, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, were really fraudulent and truly prisoners in the actual custody of any gaoler or gaol-intention, on ers^ or £eepCr Of any prison respectively of this kingdom, and 1 Jan*17 5* did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some act for relief of insolvent debtors, and who shall take the oath herein after-men-conforming to tioned, and shall perform on his or her part what is required to on* ofgthi*U done by him or her by this act, shall be for ever released and S ^all bc discharged from his or her imprisonment, in such manner as discharged. hereafter is provided.

Prisoner in rov^c<* always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-

custody^t the kid, That any prisoner or prisoners who shall be in altual cuf-time of pairing tody at the time of passing this act, and was or were, on or be-this act, who fore the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

l^debt onor xty vc> arre^ec^ for any ^um or ^utns moneY by virtue of before 1 Jan. any writ or proofs issuing out of any court of record, and held 1765, and held to bail thereon, and did, on or before the twelfth day of Febru-to bail, and ary9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, render him,

themselves on ^er> or t^cm^c^vcs» or was or were surrendered in discharge of or before 1*" h*s, ^er, or their bail, and thereupon committed to prison, Feb. 1765, and has or have continued therein until the pading of this act, on conform- by virtue of such commitment; every such prisoner or prisoners ^ufa^on* of" ^a^> upon due Pro°f t^e premisses upon oath, be discharg-thi*aalan8shall cc* ^rom debt or demand, in like manner as if such prisoner be discharged or prisoners had been actually in prison upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the same ref-tri&ions and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein before imposed upon prisoners actually in custody upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and also subject to the same terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of every such prisoner as aforesaid.

Justice* upon*VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the petition of any justice or justices of any county, riding, division, city, town, and his°deli- P*ace> or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the petition of any veringa " such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or justices of the peace schedule of within his or their respective jurisdictscions, upon every such pri-bisestate* foner or prisoners so petitioning, and, at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the justice or justices of the peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true copy of the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4T. 571

estate; to be sworn to at the first or second general or cjuaftetf session next ensuing after every such petition, or some adjourn- are to Issue ment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their their warrant hands and seals, to require the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaol- bringing ers, or keeper of any such prison within the jurilaiction of any to^hequarter such justice or justices, to bring before the justices at the first or sessions, &c. second next general or general quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said pri- of de?*" son as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her de- tainer and tainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes copy of the which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such gaol wrlt» &c. or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; which warrant o^e0lfuC^c*t# every such justice or justices every such sheriff and sheriffs, gao- warrant, ler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the copy of every Schedule Schccja|e0^ which shall be left with any such justice or justices, shall, with the prisoner's inten days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the estate to be justice or justices, with whom the same shall be so left, to the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, jj place, or liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, for the in* there to remain and be inspected, from time to time, as oeda-spe£tion of the (ion shall require, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall creditors, desire to inspect the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, that all and every prisoner jn.

and prisoners, who shall intend to petition to be discharged un- tending to pe-derthisaeft, as aforesaid, shall first cause publick notice to be in* tition for their ferted in three several London Gazettes previous to such general

or quarter session, or the adjournment thereof, at which the said ous^notice

prisoner or prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any goal thereof thrice

in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality; and if such in the gazette

prisoner shall be in custody in any gaol out of London, or the newspapers

weekly bills of mortality, then also in some news paper which nc s "*"

shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city,

town, liberty, or place, in the goal whereof he or she shall be

so in custody; containing the name, trade, and occupation, and

two last places of abode, if so many, of every such prisoner and contents of

prisoners and the prison wherein he, she, or they, is or arethe notice.

confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this act, and mentioning such notice in each gazette or newspaper, to be the first, second, or third notice, according to the time of publishing each of such notices; and for the inserting of each of which said several notices in the said gazette, or in any 4<- c*c" t, m<

other news paper, there shall be paid, each time, by every such JJ bcpMfor

prisoner, two pence, and no more: the first of which said no- inferring such

tices shall be so inserted in the said gazette, or in the said other notices.

news paper, as the case may require, thirty days at least, and F, r^ notice to

the last of the said notices ten days at least, before any such first the

or second general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, iaft so days,

B b 2 shall

372 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4.1I [1765.

before the shall be held as as aforesaid; so that as well all the creditors who quarter fef- ^ave not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in custody, as ons, See. those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such prisoner as

brought into5 aforesaid, who in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid, court, due frail be brought to any general or general quarter session, or any publication of adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon oath ri" or by producing the said three gazettes and news papers before proved &c.g ment>°ned to the said justices at any such session, or the adjourn-9*ment thereof, that such notices were so inserted in the London Gazette, and other news papers, where required, in manner as herein before is directed; and that the person or persons so pe-; titiontng, was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the

Js said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty

ofhiseftate* ve» or since, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their debts, and name or names is or are specified in the list of prisoners there decreditors livered in at any such first or second session, or any adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this a#, shall, in open court at the said general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real estate, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy; and also of the whole of his or her personal estate which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seized of, interested in, or intitled to, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured \ and if by mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts (if there be any such) and frail also make oath and swear to the effect following; (that is to say)

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence af Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protefi, and declare, That on the first day of oath on deli- January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, I was a prU

Aid^ichcdule! foner> or e!fe* as fre ca& may be, that fence the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, I have surrendered, or have been committed to the prison of in discharge of

my bail, or for want of bail, as the case shall be; and that I was actually arrested before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in the action or fuity actions or Juits, in which I surrendered, or was committed, as aforesaid, to the said gaol or prison of and that I have, ever fence my said

+surrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of in the actual custody of the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of or within the liberties thereof, at the suit of and without

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. 373

any fraud or collusion whatsoever \ and that the schedule now delivered by me and subscribed, doth contain to the best of my knowledge* remembrance, and belief a full* just* true* and perfect account and discovery of all the goods* effects* and estates* real and personal* either in possession* reversion* remainder* or expectancy* woich I. or any person in trust for me* or for my benefit or advantage* am fifed or pcffeffed of*interested in* or intit led to\ and of all debts as are to me owing* or to any person or persons in trust for me*and of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is* or will or may hereafter become payable* or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me* or to my use* or to any person or persons in trust for me\ and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing 5 and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts* if any such there be; and that neither I. nor any other person or persons in trust for me* or for my use* have any lands* money, stock* or any estate* real or personal* in possession* reversion* or remainder* or expectancy, other than what are in the said schedule contained; except wearing apparel* and bedding for myself and family* working tools* and necessary implements for my occupation and calling* and these in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds*and that I have not* nor any body for me hath* directly or indirectly* fold* lessened* or otherwise conveyed* iifposed of in trust* or concealed* all or any part of my lands* money* goods* chattels* stock* debts* securities* contracts* or estate* real or personal* whereby to feiure the same* or to receive or expeCi any profit or advantage thereof* or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors* to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever.

So help me GOD.

And the said schedule and oath shall be by every such prisoner subscribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the peace as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the clerk of the peace for the county, city, liberty, division, town, or place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better information of all the creditors of such prisoner who shall desire, or may have occasion, to resort thereto; and every such creditor shall be at liberty at seasonable times in the day-time, to peruse and examine over the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That the justices within their respective jurisdictions, at any such general or general quarter session, or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner, are hereby authorized to cause the deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and King's Bench prison, and any other under officer, tipstaff and turnkey of any gaol or prison, and any other person to come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which shall have been taken in open court by any such prisoner or prisoners shall not be difgrovcd by good testimony of any credible person or

Schedule and oath to be subscribed in the court; and lodged with the clerk of the peace, for the examination of the creditors.

Court, if required by the creditor, may administer an oath to the gaoler, oran^ other person, touching any of the matters prescribed to be sworn to.

374 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. C17^5*

The rifon Persons on oath, and such justices, or the major part of them, er'9e0ath°not present at any such general or quarter session, shall be satisfied being disprov- with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective prisoner, ed, the court then such justices shall, in such session, or some adjournment is to discharge thereof, command the said sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, im> or keeper of such prisonor prisons, forthwith to set at liberty

such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or upon paying a reward, other than one shilling for his or their attendance with fee of 1*. to such prisoner or prisoners at such general or quarter session, or the gaoler. any a<jjournments thereof, in order for his, her, or their discharge, and which every such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prisons, is and are hereby authorized to receive and take for every such order: Gaolertadem- and every such order shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff uified for the or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, rfcapp. an(j in(jemnify him or them against any escape or escapes, or action or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Estate and ef. That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such feasof the prisoner, of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold Jis^ifcLar^e" an<* C0Py as customaryhold, and to all the personal estate, debts, to vest intfie ar>d effects, of every such prisoner, shall, immediately after the clerk of the discharge of any fuen prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vest-peace, ed in the clerk of the peace of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where any such pri-whoistomake foner shall be respectively discharged; and every such clerk of to the^ffi^nees Peace ls hereby directed and required to make an assignment

named by the an<* conveyance of every such prisoner's estate and effects, vest-epurt. pd in such clerk of the peace as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prisoner as the justices at any general or general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order or direct (which assignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual. in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stamped) and to vest\he estates thereby assigned and conveyed, in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the prisoner had for which he' therein> and for the preparing, ingrossing, and executing, of is to be paid which assignment and conveyance, no clerk of the peace shall take any greater fee than two shillings; and every such assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such prisoner, in respect or in proportion to their respective debts: and every per-Assignws im- son ancj persons to whom any such assignment and conveyance 0 as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully impowered to*sue, from time to time, as there may be occasion, in his,

her, or thjeir own name or names, for the recovery and attaining

*s and po more.

375

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41.

ing -any estate or effects of any such prisoner, and also to execute any trust or power vested in, or created for the use or be- truiT^r nefit of any such prisoner; but in trust, for the benefit of him powcHn the or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every such prisoner; prisoner'g be-and to give discharge and discharges to any debtor or debtors to half; any such prisoner as shall be requisite: and every such assignee Sive dif-and assignees shall, with all convenient speed after his or their Xhcv^are to accepting any such assignment or conveyance, use his and their get in, with all best endeavours to receive and get in the estate and effects of the every such prisoner; and shall, with all convenient speed, make J*l^t.e0atn<| sale, or disposition of falc, of all the estates of such prisoner priI^n°cr|ie vested in such assignee or assignees; and if any such prisoner Lid make shall be interested in, or intitled to, any real estate, either in pof- f»l« % within session, reversion, cr expectancy, the lame, within the space of1 ron<-^s' real two months after every such alignment and conveyance, shall estate Inm^n-be sold by publick auction in such manner, and at such place, neragrecd upas the major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who shall on at a meet, assemble together on any notice in writing published in the Lon-!, c crc-

don Gazette, or in some daily paper, if the prisoner before his ^on^foMhat going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of morta- purpose;

Tity, and if elsewhere, then in some news paper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty or place, in which such prisoner dwelt before he or she was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on: and every such and maJcc a from assignee and assignees, at the end of three months at farthest dividend the time of his accepting any such assignment or conveyance as within 3 aforesaid, shall make a just and fair dividend of all such prisoner's months; estates and effects which shall have been then got amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective debts; but before any such dividend shall be made, ^ma|c*n such assignee or assignees shall make up an account of such pri- up their at? (oner's estate and make oath in writing before one or more counts, and justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, verifying the town, liberty, or place, in which any such prisoner shall have upon been discharged, that every such account contains a just and fair account of the estate and effects of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged, were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of 3° day* no. the making of every such dividend shall be published in like manner as a meeting of creditors is herein before directed to be an^diddemS, published, thirty days at least before the same shall be made: and none to*and no creditor shall be allowed to receive any share of such receive any dividend, until he shall have made out the.justness and identity J^1'* of his respective debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before )V*S

fottle such just ee or justices; and if any creditor of such prisoner rhcii delv*. shall be dissatisfied with the reality or fairne s of any debt Debts entered, claimed by any other creditor, then the same, at the request of10*x-min-any such creditor or creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined determined by iflto by the justices of the county, riding, division, city, liber- the court. 7

B b 4 tyf

tisfying all claims thereon, to go to the prisoner.

No salt in equity to be commenced, but by consent of the majority in value of the creditors. Clerk of the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or his attorney.

fect»:

376 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41; [1765.

ty, or place, in which such prisoner shall have been discharged, Surplus of the at their next general or general quarter session, and what they prisoner se- shall there determine in the premisses, shall be conclusive to all state, after fa- parties: and if, after payment of all such prisoner's creditors,

*..... " there shall any of his estate and effects remain after payment of

all reasonable charges, the same shall be paid to such prisoner, his executors or administrators.

XII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no suit in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any such prisoner's estate and effects, without the consent of the major part, in value, of the creditors of such prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a notice to be given in the London Gazette for that purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace of every respective county, city, and county town, and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any schedule of the estates of any insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, shall be left,

wponpiyment an(j ys successors, clerks of the peace as aforesaid, shall, on schedule of reaf°nabfc reaUeft of any creditor or creditors of such infol-the prisoner's vent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their at-estate and cS jorney? produce and shew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office 5 the person so requiring to fee and peruse any such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one shilling, for his trouble in searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same; and that a true copy of every such schedule, signed by the clerk of the peace in whose custody the same shall be, or his deputy, purporting, the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on (lamp paper, and for Which copy no more shall be paid than six pence by the sheet, which shall be each sheet to contain ninety words, and so in proportion fora evidence in letter t imber of words in any (beet, shall, at all times, be ad-ail courts. rnitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the same: Clerk of the and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall, on rcafoh-peace i-etuling aye reqUeft as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such fucfTschedule, creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or their attorney, any or to deliver a such schedule asi aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspect-copy thereof, ed as aforesaid, in the day-time, on such payment or tender as or taking ex- aforesaid, being made to him; or shall a(k of take more than after the rate of six pence by the (beet, each sheet to contain ninety words, and so in proportion for less than ninety words in a (neet; or shall refuse' to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requesteef as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforesaid \ shall, for every such offence, for-- .., w, frit

attested copy thereof to be granted;

orbitant fees for the same,

V t

*1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. 3y,

feit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which shall and may be forfeits 10L sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record and treble*at Westminster, by action of debt, together with treble costs of costs s suit, in the name of any person who will prosecute for the same: °"c moj?tyto and one moiety of which money forfeited, shall, when recover- and the ied, go to the party who prosecutes for the same, and the other otj, 'er to t^e moiety thereof to the poor of the parish iij which the offence poor of the shall be committed. parish.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such^Of time as any assignee or assignees, as aforesaid, shall enter on, copyhold and or take any profit from, any copyhold or customary estate as customary e-aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or Gates to corn-lords of the manor or manors of whom the same shall be hold- t^ekmTof jen, for the payment of such fine or income as, upon any fur- the manor, render and admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or and to be ad-composition, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the roitted tenants next court, or same subsequent court, which shall be holden for thereupon, the said manor or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or assignees tenant to such copyhold orcqftom-ary premises, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be holden, for and during such estate and interest as the prisoner had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold and customary premises.

XV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall The prison-extend to prejudice or affelt any estate, or interest, or right er's, &c. right whatsoever, of any other person or persons, other than the on^So^beaf-said prisoner or fugitive, which may be expectant upon, or sub- by this jell unto, the estate or interest of the said prisoner or fugitive aft. hereby vested in the said clerk of the peace; but that the estate,

interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person and persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XVI. Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority Effects on the aforesaid, That where any relit, not exceeding two years relit,

shall be due to any person or persons from such prisoner or pri- due^are to be Toners, at the time or his or their respective discharges, in respect transferred to to any messuages, lands, or tenements, then in lease to such pri- the landlord, foner or prisoners respectively, for life or lives, for years, at will, a"g to the* or otherwise, no goods or chattels then lying or being in or upon the respective tenements, liable to be distrained, mail be af- '

signed by the clerk of the peace in manner aforesaid, but shall, by such clerk of the peace, be transferred to such landlord or landlords, or some person or persons intruded for him or them respectively, towards satisfaction of the relit then due, not exceeding two years relit, as aforesaid, unless the person or per- un|c& th Tons to whom such alignment and conveyance shall be made shall agree to by such clerk of the peace, shall, by writing under his hand, satisfy the dr their respective hands, before such assignment shall be made, landlord,

agree

Anno quinto Georgii II. C4J.

[1765.

a|ree to pay or satisfy to such landlord or landlords the relit t him or them respectively due, not exceeding two years relit as aforesaid; to the intent that such landlord or landlords may be satisfied the relit or rents to him or them respectively due, before any division of the estate or eflfedts of such prisoner or prisoners shall be made among his other creditors, in like manner as he or they might be satisfied the relit to him or them respectively due, before the removal of such goods and chattels, by virtue Act S Ann* an cxccut*on> by force of the Statute made in the eighth year of her late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better security of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by tenants \ any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

AH mort-

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afort-gage», fta- said, That nothing in this adfc shall extend, or be construed to hin-tutes, recog- fa or prevent, any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate of hldgement^ such prisoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take place up-are to take on the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised in such

place, prefer- mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any Statute able to claims staple, Statute merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknow-Banue. n°r by, or obtained against, any such prisoner or prison-

ers, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or recognizance, or any writ of execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such person as aforesaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain really due upon such mortgage, Statute, recognizance, or judgement respectively, in like manner as such mortgagees and creditors, by Statute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred toother creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively, if this act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas many persons who may be intitled to, and claim the benefit of, this act, are seised and possessed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such prisoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving small rents on such estates, for one, two, or three lives, in possession or reversion, or for fojne number of years determinable upon lives; which said

powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of boh prisoners $ be it therefore enacted by the authority afore-. laid. That in every such case, all and every the powers of leaf-prisoner'ofn8 ^ch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or leafing lands, shall be verted in any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, fee. to vest in shall be, and are hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the assignees, the real and personal estate of fych prisoner, by virtue of this

aft*

379

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii II. c. 41.

act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by persons who never act as gaolers or keepers themselves, or know any thing of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons under them as gaolers or keepers

of such gaols or prisons; be it therefore enacted, That in every The acting such case, the person who shall have been actually employed and gaoler at the acted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any Yuch gaol or prison, tlm5 ot m at the time of the delivering in the lifts, hereby directed to be jifo"oniy delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol or prison, at any liabieto be general or quarter session of the peace, or some adjournment sworn. thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper (unless where such principal gaoler or keeper shall act as gaoler or keeper him-.self) shall take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Court, if r«-That the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, quired by a or adjournment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought creditor, of-in pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or ^crVdU?"* creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners who shall oppose his charge, i*"to or her discharge, adrpinifter and give to the gaoler, or the person administer the who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the time of following bringing up any such prisoner in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to the following effect (that is to say) 8

I A.B. do swear, That was really and truly a The oath.

prisoner in my custody, in the prison of to the

best of my knowledge and belief \ at or upon and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his or her commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said

and produced to this court, is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the befl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler If such per-or keeper, of any such gaol or prison on the said first day of son shall not January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or since, ^oieronV^ mail not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or fan 1765, &c. keeper, of any such gaol or prison, at the timfc any such lift as then the tol-aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the justices at lowing oath any such session, or at any adjournment thereof, may, and are, to.^>c hereby required to administer and give the respective person orper- cr Q

fons who shall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such lift as aforesaid at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, oath, touching the commitments or books of

com-

The oath*

380 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. [1765.

commitment of any such prison, to the effect following (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear, That I have examined the commitments, or books kept of or concerning the commitment, of prisoners to the prison of in the (county, riding, divi-

fion, city, town, place, or liberty of

as the case shall be) and that I do verily believe that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fifliti-ous, nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear that,

was on the

day of really and truly a prisoner in the actual

custody of the then gaoler or keeper, or deputed

gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit, by me, or any other person or persons to my knowledge.

So help mt GOD.

Court, if re- XXI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent entries or

quired by a commitments of prisoners in any gaol books, be it further en-

creditor, may acted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices at any gene-

ra* or <luarter of the peace, or any adjournment thereof,

acted as gaol- are hereby authorized, at the request of any creditor or credi-

eron i Jan. tors of any prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain

1765, or fioce, time to be appointed by them, any person or persons who was

or were gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any

gaol or prison within their respective jurisdictions, on the said

nrft day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty five,

and examine Pr at any rime since, and to examine every such gaoler or keeper,

him touching or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commit-

the commit- ment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the

finuance in*'justices, at any such general or quarter section, or adjournment

custody of the thereof, shall think fit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper,

prisoner. or repqted gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring be-

Gaolerdif- fore such justices at any session of the peace, or adjournment

obeying the thereof, any prisoner as shall be directed and required by war-

warrant, or^r '*/! n- c c'j \

order of the rant °* any Just, ce or justices as aforesaid, or to attend, or

court, &c. being summoned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or keeper forfeits 100l. attending, shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the pre- costs lrCWC m^cs»as be reasonably required at such general or quarter c s' session, or any adjournment thereof $ he, she, or they, so of-

fending in the premisses, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ope hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and (or the use, of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, m any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminstery together vyjth treble costs of suit.

XXII. And whereas great number of workmen, skilful in the several trades and manufactures of this kingdom, and glfo many able seamen and mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of their resp^Ctive debts, and dreading the mi-

series,

1 m

38i

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41.

series of a gaol, have chose to leave their employments and native country, and have entered themselves in foreign service: and whereas their continuance abroad mud be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom 5 in order therefore to induce and enable such persons to return, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or Debtors who were actually beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said first day 'Yer beyond of January y one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and did not, jans* go into such foreign parts with the view or intent to gain or have surrendering the benefit of an insolvent debtor's act, who shall return and fur- themselves, render himself or themselves unto the gaoler or gaolers, keeper may take the or keepers, of the prisons of the King's Bencby Marshalsea, or10*Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper,of the prison or prisons of such county, city, town, riding, division, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors last dwelt for the space of six months (which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and impowered to receive and detain such debtor or debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge as herein after mentioned)

shall, from and immediately after such surrender as aforesaid, be deemed a prisoner or prisoners within, and be to all intents and purposes intitled to, the benefit of this act; and shall, upon due proof of the said premises, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witness) be discharged in the same manner as if he, file, or they, had been actually in prison on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and continued therein as aforesaid; sub-jedfc nevertheless to the same restrictions and provisions, and a ^g^other compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, pnfoncA j herein before imposed upon the said prisoners actually in custody upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and also subject to the terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of such prisoner as aforesaid; excepting only such particulars thereof, as require the name of.a prisoner to be inserted in the gaoler's or keeper's lift as afore- such plrticu-said, or relate to the oaths of such gaoler or keeper herein be- lars wherein fore appointed to be taken, which particulars cannot possibly be the cases of applied to the case of persons surrendering themselves as afore- both said; and also except the said oath herein before appointed to be taken by prisoners in custody upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, instead whereof, the said person or persons so surrendering shall take an oath in open court at some general or quarter fdfion of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, division, place, or liberty, in the prison of which any such fugitive or debtor, shall be held after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor, to the effect following; which the said justices authorized to put this act in execution, are hereby required and impowered to administer, in such manner as the oaths herein before-mentioned are to be administered.

I A. B,

382 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. [1765.

Fugitive's T A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God,

oath. A solemnly fivear, proteji, and declare, That I was actually on the

first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty jive, beyond the seas in foreign parts, videlicet, at and that the schedule now delivered and by me subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief a full, just, true, and perfect account and discovery of all the real estate, goods, effects, and other per final estate, /« <ray wife belonging to me; and alfi of all such debts as are to me owing, <wy per fin or per-

fins in truji for me; of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or where from any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any other person or persons in trust for meand the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contrasts, if any fuen there be; and that neither I, nor any person or persons in trust for me, is or are seised of any real estate in possession, reversion, or remainder, or expectancy, or of any personal estate of any kind whatsoever, other than what are tn the feud schedule contained; except my wearing apparel, and bedding for myself and family, my working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, not exceeding in the whole, the value of ten pounds; and that I have not, directly or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwifi conveyed, dispofid of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my real estate, money, goods, chattels, ftocis, debts, securities, controls, or other personal estate whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, fi as to receive or expect any profit or advantage therefrom to myself or family, or with any view, intent, or defgn, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom lam indebted in any wifi howsoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective debts.

So help mt GOD.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaoler and That if any gaoler or keeper of any prison, or his deputy or printer of the deputies, shall, without just cause to be approved of by the Gazette, or justices at some general or quarter session of the peace, or ad-°aher ^ot* journment thereof, within their rpfpedlive jurisdictions, refuse implying or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to with the re- any such general or quarter session, or some adjournment there-gulations in of, in order to his. or her discharge, or shall neglect, refuse, or feVt fool to designedly omit to insert, in any such lift, the name or names of the prisoners, any such prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in cu-with treble*stody in his or their respective gaol or prison on the said first day costs of suit. of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or since \ or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, such lifts as aforesaid; or if any stich gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any account pr pretence whatsoever, take or receive

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. 383

ccive more than the said sum of one shilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid $ or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid 5 or if the printer of the London Ga % itte % or other news paper as aforesaid,

shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the name, trade, occupation, and last place of abode, of such prisoner, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in any such case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds j which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Gaoler con-That if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any yi&ed of per-deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, shall, in taking any of iury» forfeits the afore-mentioned oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and cort^of shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such gaoler or keeper, or de- fujt> &c. pu'ed gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons (over and above such penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury) (nail, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered with full cods, by bill pi nnt, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his or their executors and administra- one moiety to tors, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of go to the in this act, shall be made, of the estate and effects of such prisoner former, and or prisoners and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, '

then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors fog^he5ts who shall sue for the said penalties $ to be applied, one moiety of the credi-to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fa- for*, tisfaction of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.

XXV. And be it furthe^jenacted, That if any clerk of the Clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall delay or refuse to give every or any P«acc refuting such prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within ten days after his a

or her discharge, a copy of the order of his or her discharge, on discharge, 1 the payment of two shillings and six pence, or shall take more or taking'«-than the said sum of two shillings and six pence for such copy, »*bitant fee* or shall take more than two shillings for an assignment or con- orrforCaffimn*veyance of such prisoner's estate or effects \ every clerk of the ing over peace, or his deputy, who shall so offend, and who shall be prisoner'* ef-convicted at any such general or quarter session of the peace, or te and ef-any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall for every ^s.5

such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of the prtfoner. ° twenty pounds* as the justices of the peace, at any such general

or

Prisoner convicted of perjury to suffer as a felon.

Persons discharged by this act, not liable to arrest for debts, Sec. contract -cd before 1 Jan.1765.

Justices, (he-riffs, and gaolers, may plead this act to any action of escape, or suit brought against them and recover treble costs. Persons discharged may

1>leaa general y, &c. to all action or judgements Drought against them before 1 Jan. 1765, &c.

Anno (Juinto Georgii III. c. 4^.' [ 1 76#

or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment theitof, shall order 5 and who are hereby impowered to cause the same to bt levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, so offending.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any prisoner as aforesaid, or any other person or persons, who shall take the benefit of this act, shall forswear or perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken under this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged a felon, and suffer as such, without benefit of clergy.

X^CVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person to be discharged by this act shall, at any time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, damages, contempts, cons. Aim or sums of money, contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; but that upon every arrest upon every judgement or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts cods, sum and Aims of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued/ upon shewing the copy of the order of such prisoners discharge or discharges, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and every such judge is hereby impowered so to do on such prisoners caufinga common appearance 'to be entered for him in every such action and suit-

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action of escape, or any suit or action, be brought against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff, gaoler, or keeper of any prison, for performing their office, in pursuance of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence j and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdictpafs against him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any feire facias* or action of debt, or upon judgement, shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, upon any judgement obtained against any such prisoner, or on any Statute or recognizance acknow'-ledged by him or her, before the said first day of January* one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, with respect to prisoners in actual custody, or with respect to debtors beyond the seas, as aforesaid, upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, it shall be lawful for any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was actually a prisoner in such prison at such a person's suit, or was or were beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and was or were duly discharged according to this act, at the general or quarter session, or adjournment

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4r< 385

ment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town* or place (as his, her, or their case is) without pleading any matter specially; and in case any other suit or action shall be commencea against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum or sums of money, due before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution (over and above such matters as aforesaid) that such debt or sum of money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said first day of JanuaryT one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, without pleading any other matter specially; where to the plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other inatteror thing which may shew the said defendant not to bein-titled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in case the defendant had pleaded this act, and his discharge by virtue of this act, f. ecially; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have treble costs.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho- Bankrupts not.rity aforesaid, That no person against whom a commission ofobtaining

bankrupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not cates iiTdue already obtained his certificate and discharge of his debts, in time, exciud-pursuance of and in such manner as is directed by some or one ed from the of the acts of parliament nowin force relating to or concerning benefit of this bankrupts, or shall not obtain such certificate and discharge before such time as he shall be brought before the justices of the peace at their general or quarter section, or some adjournment thereof, held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in pursuance of this act, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof.

XXXI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, to release or discharge

any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person or persons clients money acting, or pretending to act, as such, with regard to any debt oreffects, ex-with which he or they shall stand charged, for any money, or eluded the be-other effects, recovered and received by hirp or them, for the^fit0^this use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaolerto per-

That every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall and is hereby re- mit the speak-quired to suffer, in the day-time, any person or persons desiring Pnyate

the same, to fee and speak, in the lodge, or some convenient name*:

room of the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, whose are inferred irt names are inserted in the afore-mentioned list or lists, or London the lift, or Gazette, or other news paper, or any of them, or any persons GazcWe> &c,

<j.o I."with coils of suit.

386 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41.' f 1765,

and the exa- rendering themselves pursuant to this act; and also fee, in the mining the true and genuine books of the said prison, the entries made of offntAes, 00^8 the 03016 or names of such prisoner or prisoners, together with &c.*the name or names of the person or persons at whose salt or fairs

on penalty of he, she, or they are detained: and if any such gaoler or keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every fudi gaoler or keeper, who shall so offend in the premisses, shall forfeit and pay to the person so refused and aggrieved, the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of Westminster, wherein np essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refused and aggrieved.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the person of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, shall be dischargea under this act, the future estates and notwithstand- effects of every such prisoner and fugitive shall remain and be li-fonsd dl£r- a^e to ^er, anc* respective creditors as before the mak-charge, liable fog of this act, (his, her, or their necessary wearing appard, to creditors $ and bedding for his, her, or their families, and working tools Wiaikl£jaPPa" an^ implements necessary for his, her, or their trade or occupa-and workhie* 0on> not exceeding value of ten pounds in the whole, only tools. See. S excepted) and any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or not exceeding prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, may, at any time hereafter, foe

Prisonert'so-ture estate and effects,

10l. value, excepted.

Creditor may

out execution, extents, or other pfocess, on any judgement at the time of such discharge recovered, or Statute staple, or recognizance acknowledged by, or sentence or decree obtained against any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their person, or his, her, or their respective wearing apparel, bedding working tools, and implements, as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it aflfo enacted, That any creditor or credi-ftwfortheTre- tors of any prisoner. or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, who shall covcryof debt be discharged under this act, may, at any time after any such due at the discharge, commence and prosecute any action or suit against ^Tfonw's'dif* a°y Prrf°ner or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, charge, 1 executors, or administrators, for the recovery of any sum or sums but not hold of money which shall be due from any such prisoner or prisoners riie prisoner to fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or her said discharge, but 1 l'*"l shall not hold the person of any such prisoner or fugitive to special bail; nor shall take the person, necessary wearing apparel, bedding, tools, or implements, as aforesaid, of any such prisoner or fugitive in execution, or any judgement, sentence, or decree, which shall hereafter be recovered or obtained against any such prisoner or fugitive: and in any act ion or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against any such prisoner or fugitive* his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, no benefit or advantage shall be had or taken, for that the cause of action did agwUh. not accrue within three years next before the commencing of in)years, any such action or suit; nor shall any Statute of limitation be

aor of the pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded so bar of or in any such

action

special bail nor take his person, wear ine apparel, bedding, or tools, in judgement, and no advantage is to be taken of the cause of action not

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. 387

action or salt, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such Statute ofli-creditor or creditors, against any such prisoner or prisoners, un- mltation. left such cause of action or salt did not accrue within three years next before any such prisoner ojr fugitive shall he discharged un- Exception* der this act; and in any such case, the same may be pleaded by any such prisoner his or her heirs, executors, or administrators.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it likewise enabled, That

by the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force of this act, Discharge of no other person or persons who was dr were partner or partners prisoner no in trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or acqumal her discharge under this act, or then (food bound, engaged with orfurSes!'^ or liable to, the payment of any debt witty any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contract together with any such prisoner or fugitive, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand; but every such other person and persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contrails, in like manner as if any such prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XXXVI. And be it farther enacted, That if any gaoler or

keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, Gaoler mak-shall make, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book inJ5 ftlfe cn-or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of prifo^txjok which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to or lifts, for* be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any frits $ool, false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall in- treWe fert in any list to he delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names - of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol or prison upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual custody; except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted; every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall over and above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with treble costs of salt, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wefim'ivjier, wherein no eiloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That iF any prisoner, being the reunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the trade or occupation and habitation or last place of fuling to deabode, of the person or persons at whole salt he or foe is detained the a* pr charged in custody; or being called for and desired, by any ere-, ditor or creditors, ro come to the lodge of the prison in which whosefuit he any such prisoner shall be confined, without same reasonable is detained, or cause being made appear to the contrary; every such prisoner, to come to

W«SSSjr"

over and above all other penalties for such fraud.

Prisoner re-

388 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. [iy6$»

is excluded upon proof being made thereof before the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to 1 8 be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one common or county goal for each of the respe<flive counties of York and Lincoln, which said counties are each of them divided into several rid- ings or divisions, all which have several commissions of the peace; and if the goaler of those gaols be obliged to carry the com, CYork debtors, prisoners therein, to the quarter felCon of each riding or and Lincoln division, the same will be a very great charge, not only to such to meet at the gaolers, but also to the prisoners in those large counties; be it £>unty gaols, therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and ch^reeofpri- may*awfu* for mo or more justices of the peace for each of loners. P " the ridings and divisions in the respective counties, at the common or county gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold session there, by adjournment from, their respective quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this adh Those who

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* are prisoners kid* That all debtors, and others, who were in prison on orbe-for their fees, fore the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred or ot], crfdc* anc* foty ve> or fipce, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and ^aokror of* now rema*n ^ere for not paying their fees, rents, or any other fice/mbe dif- demands, due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any charged. prison respectively, or to any other officer of any such prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefronr, hr, (he, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

Debtors to the * Provi^ always, That this act shall not extend to dif-crownraud*charge any person out of prison, seeking his or her discharge prisoners who under this act, with respect to any debt with which he or she owe above shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or shall be indebted sooool. toone to any body politick or corporate, or to any one person, in any the creditors* (um exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds, besides interest con Cent, are and costs, unless such body politick or corporate, or creditor, excluded the shall consent thereto; and if any such body politick or corpo-benefit of this rate^ creditor or creditors, to whom a sum exceeding onethou-Creditor of- ^ani^ Pounc^ shall be owing, shall oppose the discharge of such poling prison- prisoner, and shall insist that such prisoner be continued in gaol, er'$ discharge, that then, and in such case, such body politick or corporate, or crethtor or creditors, opposing the said prisoner's discharge as a-week.^foresaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper costs and charges, allow and pay in the whole such a weekly maintenance to the said prisoner, not exceeding three shillings and six pence per week, in such manner as the said justices in their general or quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, shall order; and upon

On nonpay- nonpayment of the same for the space of six weeks, the said pri-ment, prison- r foner.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41.- 389

foner, upon application to the said justices in their general orr to be diA quarter session held as aforesaid, shall bedischarged pursuant toch*rSed# the intent and meaning of this act.

XLI. Provided also that every person and persons iotitl- Discharges to ed, or to be intitled, to the benefit of this act, shall obtain be obtained their respective discharges on or before the first day of August, bY 1 August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, or shall be exclud- 17670 ed from all benefit of this adfc.

XLII. And whereas it may happen, that several persons who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this act, are seised of an estate tail, in some freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments; which entail, with the remainders thereupon expedscant, they have by law power to defeat and bar, either Jby levying a fine or fines, fufiering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or surrenders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this Persons seised act, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enacted of an estate by the authority aforesaid, That, in every such case, such per- tail, claiming son or persons lo seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, a^are and claim the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and pur- to deliver up

Sofes whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are the same to ereby declared, to be seised of such lands, tenements, and her the creditors, reditaments, in fee; provided the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, fufifer^ ed a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas many prisoners who may be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this act, have been great dealers, or otherwise engaged in large transactions, whe eby they may bp intitled to sundry and great debts, and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may be intitled to equities of redemption of estates, subject and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reversions, remainders, or other contingent estates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trusts or interests in estates, both real and personal, Assigncesmay which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the examina* schedule or inventory before directed to be delivered in, upon tien of pnfon-oath, by the prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which er, touching may want his aid or assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or the discov^y manage, for the benefit of the creditors; be it therefore en- ^C11S ettct s* acted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners who shall obtain his, her, or their an(j justjCct discharge, in pursuance of this act, or any other person or per- may lend for fons duly authorized by them for that purpose, from time tond examine Jime, to apply to anytvyo or more of the justices of the peace ^conlingly

Prisoner refuting to ap-

J>car, or toan-wer upon oath, may be committed.

tel. per cent.' allowed on discovering within it months, any part of the

Srifoner's e-ate not returned in the schedule.

Discharge obtained fraudulently, void.

Persons concealing any estate or effects of the prisoner, forfeit tool, and double value,

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41. [1765.

for the county, riding, divisibh, city, town, place, or liberty, where such prisoner or prisoners shall be then residing, thereby desiring, that such prisoner or prisoners may be further exaixnn-ed as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects; whereupon such justices shall fend for, or call before them, such prisoner or prisoners by such warrant, lutn-mons, ways or means, as they shall think fit; and upon such prisoner's appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well Upon oath aS otherwise, as to such matters and things as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners and if any prisoner or prisoners (on payment or tender of payment of such reasonable charges as such justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refofe to ct>me and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be made known to such justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refuse to be fwbrn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effefls lb vested, or intended to be vested, in such cletk of the peace, or in such assignees, as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to ap-

Erehend such prisoner or prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and im, her, or them, to commit to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her. Or themselves, to such justices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid.

XLIV\ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such person and persons who shall, within twelve months after the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners, voluntarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such debtor or debtors real Or personal estate as shall not be comprized in such schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out of the heat produce of such debtor or debtors estate, which will be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid such person or persons so discovering the same, by the assignee or af-iignees of such prisoner's estate and efffcdts.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwith-. (landing the discharge or any prisoner or prisoners by virtue of this act, if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void and of none effect.

XLVI. And, for che better discovery of the eftsle and effetfs of any prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this act, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, "That any person or persons who shall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any estate, real or personal, of any such prisoner from his creditors, and shall not, within thirty days

after

1.765.I Annqqufoto GEORGII III. 0, 41. 391

after any assignee or assignees shall, in pursuance of this act* be with treble chose oi any such prisoner's estate, discover and disclose to such assignee or assignees such trust and estate in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, eitheF real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner; to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prisoner'* estate, together with treble costs of suit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Assignees That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter, for any assignee or with consent assignees of the estate or effects of any prisoner or prisoners, who v-aluc shall be chose in pursuance of this act, by and with the consent ^thTcredi-of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners creditors, tors, may who shall be present at a meeting to be had on twenty one days compound for publick notice being previously given for the purpose hereafter d*kts due to mentioned in the London Gazette, if the prisoner was in custody oner g in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, 1 then also in some news paper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or persons, debtors or accountants to such prisoner or prisoners, where the same shall appear aeceflary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such composition, be gotten, in full discharge of such debts and accounts; and also to submit any difference or dispute between such assignee or assignees, and any person or persons, for or on account, or by reason or means of any matter, cause, or thing, relating to such prisoner or prisoners estate or effects, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such prisoner or pri-(oners, to the final end and determination of arbitrators to be ^e^datiii chafen by the said assignee or assignees, and the major part in thereto to*value of such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they arbitration $ shall have no difference, and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them; or otherwise to settle and agree the matters in difference and dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agrfce, and the or otherwise same shall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or pri- may fe«lc an<* Toners; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby in- afthU demnified for what they shall fairly do in the premisses in purfo- think lit. ance of this act.

XLVIII. And, to the intent and purpose that the estate and ef- A<R fefts of such prisoner or prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue ^thione? of this act, may be truly and faithfully applied for the benefit of against, for his, her, or their real creditors, be it enacted by the authority inefficiency, aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respect fraud, mii-tive courts at Westminster, and the courts of great session in Wdlesy and the principality of Chester, and the counties palatine behaviour; -

CC4 of the court thereupon is to furnmon the parties, and raakefuch

think fit.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 41.

[176$.

of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from whence any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or were committed, or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of Kings Bench, Common PUezs9 and Exchequer, or of great sessions aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such prisoner, or the creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any inefficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any such prisoner or prisoners, to summon all parries concerned, and upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or displacing such assignee or assignees, and the appointing any new assignee or assignees in the place or (lead of such ordeTs^herein a^gnee or assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the a* they shall prudent, just, or equitable management or distribution of the estate and effects of any such prisoner for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be veiled in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were before verted in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; any thing in this act contained'to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or prisoners who shall be discharged in pursuance of this act, and any other person or persons, or body politick or corporate, be ore the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners, upon oath, as aforesaid, the respective assignee and assignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their parts, to state and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be verted in such clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, as the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be justiy due to him, her, or them respectively, Those who are as and for the balance of such account when truly dated, prisoners up- L.' And whereas great numbers of poor people have been, are now' imprisoned for debt upon processes issuing out of courts of conscience; it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such prisoners shall be intitled to have the benefit of this act, and be discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they, conform to the directions herein before prescribed, touching other prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this act.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the solemn

Where mutual credit has been given, the balance to be dated and allowed.

conscience to have the benefit of this act.

Quakers affirmation to

75-l Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 42. 393.

affirmation of any person being a Quaker y shall and may be taken in be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person making lieu of such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false a£ 031*firming, shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

[Persons who

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who took the benefit of An act took the be-passed in the first year of the reign of his present majesty King "a of j Geo. Georgs the Third, intituled An act for relief of insolvent debtors, 3. excluded/ shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwit; hstanding.

[This act not to extend to Scotland.]

LIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain, called Scotland.

CAP. XLII.

An act for redeeming one fourth part of the joint stock of annuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, in respect of several navy,

' victuallings and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the third year of preamble, re-yotir Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting annui- citing claofes tics to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and in aft 3 Geo. ordnance debentures; and for charging the payment of such 3* annuities on the sinking fund; and making good the same to the said fund, in manner therein mentioned; it was provided and directed) That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who Should, within the time therein limitudy deliver in certain navy, victualling) and transport bills, and ordnance debentures) to be cancelled in manner thereby directed, Should) for the principal sum or sums contained then iny and alj'o for the interest marked upon such of the said bills as bore an interest, be respectively intitled to) and have an annuity after the rate of jour pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and to be payable halfyear -ly, at the bank of England, to such person or persons, bodies politick cr corporate, or such as hey fie, or they) Should appoint his, her, or their executors) administrators, successors) or assigns, until redemption thereof by parliament, in manner therein mentioned: and that all such monies Should be deemed to be one capital or joint stock, on which the said annuities Should be attending: and whereas the several principal monies contained in the bills and debentures delivered in and cancelledr, together with such interest as aforesaid, which were converted into a capital or joint stock in pursuance of the said aC!y amount to the sum of three millions four hundred eighty three thousand five hundred fifty three pounds, one Jloilling, and ten pence; and whereas your Majesty's most

dutiful

394

Notices given of the intention of parliament to redeem one fourth part of the joint dock of annuities established by the recited act* deemed good and sufficient.

and 870, 8881. 5».sd.*q. out of the supplies granted for the service of the current year,

to be paid, for that purpose, intothebank:

and to be issued accordingly at the exchequer, upon an order from the treasury,

out of the monies of the sinking fund:

Anno qtrinto Georgii III. c. 42. [1765.

dutiful and loyal fubie&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have resolved, that one fourth part of the said capital stock be redeemed and paid off on the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and several publick notices have been given of the said refoluti.au by the Speaker of the house of commons, pursuant to the order of that house; and therefore your faithful commons do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and conditions, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That such notices as aforesaid shall be, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and sufficient notice or notices, within the true intent and meaning of the said act, for the redemption of one fourth part of the said capital or ioint flock, and of thq annuities attending on such part; and the same shall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and Sixty five, there shall and may be blued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England^ the sum of eight hundred and Seventy thousand eight hundred eighty eight pounds, five [hillings, and five pence half-penny, out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this session of parliament (except any particular aid or Supply which hath been or shall be, in the same session, Specially and intirely appropriated to any one particular ufeor purpose) which sum shall be applied, by the said governor and company in payment of the like sum of eight hundred and seventy thousand eight hundred eighty eight pounds, five shillings, and five pence half-penny, for the redemption and full satisfaction of one fourth part or the said capital or joint (lock.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, there shall and may, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, be issued and paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer to the governor and company of the bank of England, by way of imprest and upon account, out of the surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (upon which the said annuities were charged by the said adfc made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign) such sum of money as shall be necessary for the discharge of the annuities attending such one fourth part of the said joint (lock, from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to the twenty fifth day of December following, inclusive; which sum shall be applied, by the said governor and company, in discharge of such annuities accordingly, at the same time that the respective principal monies, composing such

one

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43; 395

one fourth part, shall be paid and satisfied; and that all such and to be ap. annuities, in respect of such one fourth part, shall cease and be P, iejJ ty* extinguished from the twenty fifth day of, one thou- c^" of the

And seven hundred and sixty five. said annuities.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th# fumj That the sums of money which shall be issued and applied, by jfl-ued t^be° virtue of this act, out of the said surplusses, excesses, or overplus replaced out monies, for payment of the said annuities, shall be made good of the next and replaced by and out of the supplies to be granted in the Applies, next Session of parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- The said an_ rity aforesaid, That if all or any part of the principal monies, nuities to be* composing such part of the said capital or joint (toclc hereby in- paid up in full tended to be redeemed, shall be paid and satisfied at the bank to5 Dec. of England, before the twenty fifth day of Deember one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the said governor and company shall, notwithstanding the same, pay, and they are hereby Empowered to pay, in respect of the principal monies so discharged, the full sums which the annuities attending the same would have amounted to, on the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; any thing herein or in any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority P*nk not "L

aforesaid, That the fk id governor and company, or any member ^Hityby rea-thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or soit of this their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act. aft.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing the re- General issue. in contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general iisue, and give the special matter in evidence for his and

their defence; and if a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given a- T«ble coftt. gainst him or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then Such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for the better securing, and further, of the revenues of customs, excise, inland and salt duties, afld for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Isle of Man j and for allowing the importation of goods the produce and manufacture of the said tflandt under certain re-

JlriCIions and regulations.

Most gracious Sovereign,

YOUR Majesty having been most gra, at the open- p ing of this session of parliament, to recommend from the throne "eam e'

to

Act 14 Car,

Unentered goods found concealed in any package, or merchandize sent to the King's storehouses,

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4.3: [176$*

to your faithful commons the continuance of that attention which hath hitherto been Shewn to the improvement of the publick revenue, we have thought it our duty to apply ourselves with the utmost zeal and assiduity to carry into execution every proper measure for the attainment of that end 5 and though we have already prepared several bills for that purpose, which have received your royal approbation, we are desirous to establishfillfurther regulations, which, by a more exact and equal collection of the publick revenue, and without laying any new burthens on your people, may tend to the accomplishment of so great and salutary a design: and whereas by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second (intituled,

An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses, in his Majesty's customs) it is, amongst other things, enabled. That the person or persons which were or Should be appointed for managing the customs, and officers of his Majesty*/ customs, and their deputies, Jshould be thereby authorized and enabled to go and enter aboard any ship or vessel, as well ships of war as merchant ships, from thence to bring on Shore all goods prohibited or uncufemed, except jewels, if they be outwards bound; and if they be ships or vessels inwards bound, from thence to bring on Shore into his Majestfs storcbouse, all small parcels of fine goods, or other goods, which Should be found in cabins, chests, trunks, or other small package, or in any private or secret place in or out of the hold of the ship or vessel, vjhich might occasion a just fufpi-cion that they were intended fraudulently to be conveyed away; and all other forts of goods whatsoever, for which the duties of tonnage and poundage were not paid or compounded for within twenty days after the fir/I entry of the ship, to be put and remain in the storehouse aforesaid, until his Majesty's duties thereupon be paid; unless the said person or persons which were or Should be appointed by his Majesty for managing the customs, and officers of the customs, Should fee just (ause to allow a longer time, as in and by the said recited act more at large appears: and whereas in the chests, trunks, bales, casks, and other package, which contained goods j 'o sent and carried to his Majesty's storehouse by the officer* of the customs in pursuance of the said act, and likewi/e in packages which are brought on Shore by virtue of a special sufferance or order from the comini fit oners or principal officers of the customs, to be examined before entry and payment of duties, at the request and application of the owners thereof; and alfe in and amongst such goods themselves, there are often found concealed and enclosed lace and other fine goods and merchandizes, which lie in little compass, and of which no entries are often intended to be made, or duties paid for, by the owners or proprietors thereof, or their agents, unless and until the same are discovered by the officers of his Majesty's customs; by which fraudulent concealments the revenue thereof is greatly defrauded: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, all goods, wares, and merchandizes whatsoever, which shall be found ep-

en-

1765.] Anno quinto Georg tl III. C. 43; 397

closed and concealed as aforesaid, in any chest, trOnk, 'bate, calk, or other package, or in or amongst any of the goods, wares, or merchandizes contained therein, at any time after the same shall have been carried or sent to his Majesty's storehouse by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs in pursuance pac'kaj^or of the said act, and which shall not have been, within the space goods of twenty days after the first entry of the ship in which they brought on were imported, duly entered, and his Majesty's customs, and n?olTbJrP€* other duties, for them, paid or secured; or which shall he anCeUor or-found concealed as aforesaid in any chest. trunk, bale, calk, or der, and not other package, or inclosedin or amongst any of the goods there- Specified in contained, which shall be brought on shore by special suffer- therein,

ance, or order from the of or principal officers of the customs, at the request and application of the proprietor, or

Ills agent, and shall not be particularly specified and described^in such application, the same shall, in every such case, be for- forfeiture, feited and lo/i, and shall and may be seizea and prosecuted by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs; one moiety of which forfeitures shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety shall be to the use of such person and persons as shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, after deducting the charges of condemnation and sale from the gross produce thereof; and such seizures and forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, tried, and determined, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively $ wherein noessoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

II. And whereas it does frequently happen, that goods and merchandizes imported, paying duty ad valorem, do, upon view and examination by the proper officers of the customs, appear not to have been valued, by the oath or affirmation of the importer, according, to the true value and price thereof; and notwithstanding demand is made in writing by the customer or collector and comptroller of the port where such goods are entered, for delivery of the same into his Majesty's warehouse at the port of importation, for the use and benefit of the crown, agreeable to the directions of an aclof parliament made in the eleve, th year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (intituled An act for rating such unrated goods and merchandizes as are ^11 ^co* usually imported into this kingdom, and pay duty ad valorem, upon the oath of the importer; and for a feet taint ng the value of all goods and merchandizes not inserted in the former or present book of rates; and f: r repealing certain duties upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duties upon apples; and for ascertaining the method of ad-measuring pictures imported) yet the importers or proprietors of such goods or merchandizes do sometimes neglect or refuse to deliver the same, or to cause the same to be delivered, into his Majesty's warehouse; by which means the said recited act is rendered ineffectual to answer the purposes thereby intended; the officers of the customs not being thereby impowered to carry such goods or merchandizes to his Majesty's warehouse, although

Where any goods or merchandize paying duty ad valorem, appear to be under rated

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43: [1765.

0ough the importers or proprietors thereof shall neglect or ferule lo to do; now, to remedy this inconvenience for the future, and for an encouragement to the officers of the customs to be diligent in the execution of their duty, be it enacted, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, upon the importation of any goods or merchandises, paying duty ad vakrem, where, upon view and examination thereof by the proper officers of the customs, it shall appear to uimw wcu t^em foat g°od5 and merchandizes are not valued, by the by the*impor-oat^ or affirmation of the importer or proprietor, according to the ter or proprie- true price or value thereof, according to the true intent and mean-'or i ing of the said recited ail, or any other a & or a &$ of parliament,

ml °wr[ it mall and may be lawful for the said officers of the customs to them to the and detain such goods and merchandizes, and to cause the King's ware- same to he carried and conveyed into his Majesty's warehouse, houses, for the at the port of importation, for the use and benefit of the crown; use of the an(j the collector of the customs for such port, with the privity

ard^the col- so* comptroller, shall, out of any money in his hands, arising Je&or of the by customs, or other duties belonging to the crown, pay to the port is there- importer or proprietor of such goods and merchandizes, upon upon to pay demand^ the value of such goods and merchandizes so sworn to value* affirmed, together with an addition of ten pounds pet centum sworn to, with thereon; and also the customs and other duties which shall the addition have been paid for such goods and merchandizes, taking a receipt for thp lame from such importer or proprietor, in full fa-tista&ion for the said goods and merchandizes, as if they had been regularly fold; and it shall and may he lawful to and for the commissioners of the customs for the time bring (whether the value of the goods sworn to, or affirmed-, together with the ten pounds per centum thereon, and the duties which shall have been paid for such goods, be demanded or not, or whether the receipt herein the goods to ^iredtedto* taken be given or not) to cause the said goods to be afterwards* feMy and publickly fold, as footr as may be, for the heft ad-fold publickly, vantage5 and out of the produce thereof, the money, herein and the money before directed to be paid or advanced for such goods, shall be reVlacedd*t0bC Pa coUedtor, to be by him replaced to such funds from p 5 whence be borrowed the same, provided the same shall have been by him so paid or advanced; but if it has not, then the same shall remain in the hands of the said collector, until the importer or proprietor shall demand the same, and give a receipt (which is herein before directed to be taken for the same;,) and after deducting from the overplus (if any) the charges arifotg moiety* of the by the warehousing and fek of such goods and merchandizes, surplus to go the said commissioners of the customs foal) and may order the several and respective officers of the customs, concerned in the view and examination of such goods and merchandizes, to be paid, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their.h.duty thereon, one moiety of the remainder of such overplus (if an t e o er m^other moiety thereof shall be paid into his Mfye-fty's exchequer towards the sinking fund; any thing in the herein

of 10l. per, cent, and the duties paid;

-and after all charges deducted, one

to the officers concerned,

moiety to the sinking fund.

399

i7^5*ll Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. in before recited act contained, or any other law, custom, or tisage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an act passed in the twelfth year of the.reign of his late majesty King George the First, (intituled An act for the improvement of his Majestfs revenues of customs, excise>JZ* tffi/ iWW j the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs are empowered to cause such wines as any merchant, or other person, shall refuse to pay or secure the duties for, as beinjg damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, to be publickly fold, m order to be distilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar, taking sufficient security to his Majest/s use, that fadi wines be not made use of for any other purpose whatsoever: and whereas it hath been found by experience, that the security by that act directed hath not been sufficient to answer the intent thereof, uriless some' proper ingredient, such as salt or vinegar, has been put into such wine before k has been delivered out of his Majesty's warehouse; and a doubt having lately arisen, whether the officers of his Majesty's customs are legally authorized to put any salt or vinegar into such wine wkhout the consent of the proprietor or purchaser thereof: to obviate which doubt for the future, and more effectually to prevent such wines from being fraudulently used in this kingdom; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June % one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, before the delivery of vme-any refused wines, which shall be sold in pursuance of the direc- gar to be put tien of the said recited act, it shall and maybe lawful for the mtoallda-commissioners, or other principal officers ot -his Majesty's cu- magedrefuled stoms, to cause so much fak or vinegar to be put therein, as they prince of1 shall judge sufficient and proper to prevent the said wines from thereckedad, being made use of for any other purpose whatsoever, than being beforeddiwojr distilled into brandy, or made into vinegar, besides taking the t!jcr^ security in the manner directed by the said recited act. ^ehc^el.

Iy. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the improvement of his Mojejlfs revenues of cu- 11 eo*1# jstoms, excise, and inland duties, it is enacted, That all tobacco (talks, or stems stript from the leaf, shall be prohibited to be imported; and, on seizure and condemnation therqpf, the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs shall and may cause the same to be publickly burnt, and shall and may allow the officer, for his encouragement m making the seizure, one penny for every pound weight of such (talks or stems, so seized and condemned, dear of all charges of condemnation: and foraftnuch as no forfeitures are inflicted by the said recited act of the vessels or boats, or the horses and other cattle or carriages made use of in the landing or removing of the aforesaid goods, nor any penalties upon the persons who are concerned or assisting in the unftiipping thereof, or to whose hands they shall come after the unftiipping thereof, by reason whereof the aforesaid act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George<he First, has hkherto proved insufficient for preventing the im-

por-

4°P

Tobacco italics or

Anna quinto Georgii l\h a43. f 1763

portttion of the said goods, to the great detriment of the revenue and fair traders: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by thp authority aforesaid, That if any tobacco (talks or fteros itript from the leaf, shall at any time after the first day of Jt'nt, onp from Sic'leaf t^ou^n^vcn hundred and sixty five, be imported into any ans'not only*part of Great Britain, then not only the said goods (hah bp for? liable to for- feited and loft, and on seizure and condemnation thereof be feiture on im- publickly burnt, and the officer allowed one penny per pound portation, &c. for bjs encouragement in making the seizure, a^ree^ble

in p uance^t^e form an(j effect of the before recited act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of the reign of l>is said late majesty King George the First; but also all and every person and persons who shall be assisting or otherwise concerned in the unshipping in unshipping the said goods, or to whose hands the same shall knowingly come the same, or after the unshipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the value there-Hands^theC 0together with the vessels and boats made use of in the land-fame shall af- ing, removing, carriage, or conveyance of the said goods, and terwards also, the bags, casks, or other vessels or things in which the fai4

knowingly goods ate packed or contained, and the horses, cattle, carts, and

treble the^other carriages made use of in the loacting, carrying, landing, value; and or removing, the said goods; one moiety of all which forfeitures and penalties shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, as shall seize, inform, or sue for thp

_______ same, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of

in, are forfeit- his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of

of the recited act;

but the per-ions assisting

the vessels, boats, carriages, and cattle, employed there

ed also. exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law, shall be allowed.

Capias to issue V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, upon infor- That a Capias in the first process shall and may issue upon any matron a» bill, plaint, or information, commenced, filed, or prosecuted,

gamft the against any person or persons, for, upon, or by reason of any

p the offences before-mentioned, which Capias shall specifythe

and bail to be sum Of tfoe penalty sued for; and such offender or offenders upon for an- °bfiged to g|VC Efficient bail or security by natural born

pSrance; subjects, or denizens, to the person or persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such Capias issue, at the day of the return of such writ, to an-and at the re- fwer such suit or prosecution; and shall likewise at the time of tb of the such appearing, give sufficient bail or securiry by such persons tobe eiveTtoas a^orefa*> in the said court, to answer and pay all the forfei-pay the penal-tures and penalties incurred for such offence and offences, in ties in case of case he, she, or they, shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, conviction. her, or their, body or bodies to prison.

Vessels, cattle, VI, Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the ?aJTi^8cs» authority aforesaid, That all vessels and boats, and all horses th^act or an^ cattle, and carriages whatsoever, which from and after by4 Geo. a. the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty for frauds re- five, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue of this act; or for relating to the moving any tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuffs, contrary to an movinj/of to-^paned in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late ma-bacco, jesty

40i

1765] Anno guirito Georgii III. c. 43.'

jesty King George the Second (intituled An act for the more ef- fefiual securing the duties upon tobacco) shall and may be prosecuted, adjudged, tried, and determined, by and before two or more of his Majesty's justices of the ptace, redding near to the place.-

where such seizure shall be made, in Rich manner and form, g'

and by such rules, as are directed and prescribed in an act passed prescribed its in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George ad 8 Geo. 1. the First (intituled An act to prevent the clandestine running tjf^ goods, and the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent ships break- therein "men* ing their quarentine; and to subject copper ore of the production of the tioned. British plantations, to such regulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are subject) with respect to vessels, horses and carriages, which are forfeited by that act of parliament, for the removing, carriage or conveyance of the goods therein mentioned.

VII. And whereas there are several species of linen now ma* nufadured in Russia imported into this kingdom, whidi are not rated either in the book of rates referred to by the ad of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or in the additional book of rates referred to by the act of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, or by any other act or acts of parliament, the duties upon which goods are now payable according to the value sworn to or affirmed, by the importers, which, by experience, has been found to be very unequal, from the various values fixed by the importers on the same species of goods, same persons greatly undervaluing the same, to the detriment of the revenue, and the discouragement of the fair traders: now for remedy thereof, and to put the trade upon a more equal foot, Tfie duties.be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after now pa£^c the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, Rnu^"ari^cng the duties now payable upon the importation of unrated linen imported, to cloth, of the manufacture of Russia, shall cease, determine, and cease j be no longer paid or payable; and that all the provisions and clauses contained in any former act or acts of parliament, so for as the same relate to the ascertaining the value of such unrated linens, according to the oaths or affirmations of the importers,

shall be, and are hereby repealed and made void.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ke°ld

That in lieu of the said duties repealed by this act, from and af- Ranted by ad ter the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty ?» Car. a. to five, all linen cloth or diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, be paid in lieu which shall be imported into any port or place within Great thereof, Britain, shall, upon the importation thereof, be rated to pay the old subsidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, ac- ther^where-cording to the several rates and values hereafter mentioned; that aftermemion* is to say, ed.

All linen cloth and diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, ex- The rates, ceeding thirty one inches and one half of aa inch in breadth,

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43; [1765.

and not exceeding forty five inches in breadth, for every one hundred and twenty English ells, six pounds.

And all linen cloth and diaper of Rujfa, not otherwise rated, exceeding forty five inches in breadrh, for every one hundred and twenty Englifo ells, ten pounds; and in that porportion For any greater or less quantity of any of the said goods.

several acts granting or continuing

the same.

Where any of

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said goods in all cases where any of the said goods are by law subject or Wa-

any additional to t*ie Payment l^c farther subsidy, the one third subsidy, subsidy or° additional impost on any other subsidy or duty whatsoe*er, ac-duty, cording to the respective value set thereon for the old subsidy, or

in proportion thereto, the same shall, from and after the said first the same is to day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fixry five, be paid be paid ac- proportionally according to the particular rates and values herein cording to the before set thereon for the old subsidy aforesaid, and not accord-a ovt rates. jngt0 the oatj1 or affirmation of the importer, or any other rate or value whatsoever; any thing in the respective acts which granted the said duties, or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

These duties X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be levied, That the several subsidies, impositions and duties, upon the said 0?^, as men^evera^ forts of goods, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, tioned in the and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such discounts, allowances, and drawbacks, as are mentioned and expressed in the several acts of parliament, which granted, or continued, and appropriated, the same respectively; and all powers, penalties, provisions, articles, and clauses therein contained, (except in such cases where any alteration is made by this act) shall continue in full force and effect, during the continuance of the said respective subsidies, impositions, and other du* ties; and shall he applied, practised and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, paying and appropriating |he said respective subsidies, impositions, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this present act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the said claufrs, matters and things, had been repeated and enacted in the body of this present act; any law, or other usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas it may contribute to prevent any illicit trade being carried on by the inhabitants of the Isle of Man, to the prejudice of the trade and revenues of his Majesty's dominions, if the said inhabitants*are encouraged in the honest and lawful occupation of cultivating and improving the lands of the said island, and of manufacturing the produce thereof, by allowing them to import the same into Great Britain, without payment of dunes, under certain limitations and restrictions; for which purpose be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first: day of 7«/y, one thousand seven hundred and and sixty five, the inhabitants of the said Ife of Man, shall and may

im-

6

Belhals, and other goods, the growth

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4.3. 403

import directly from thence into any lawful port of Great Bri- ture of the tain, beftials, or any goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the mc Of Man, growth, produce, and manufacture of the said Isle of Man, ex- except such at cept such as by any act of this session of parliament are pro- j^e prohibited hibited to be imported into this kingdom; and also (except

woollen manufactures, beer and ale) without paving any cu- 1*stoms, subsidies or duties, for or in respect thereof (except such (woollen excise or other duty as is now, or shall hereafter for the time goods, beer, being, be due and payable for the like goods, wares and mer- ^epted) chandizes, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of Great may beim-Britain) provided the master, or other person having the charge ported from of the ship or vessel, so importing the same, shall bring with him thence, on pay-a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant gover- Juries*

as

nor, commander in chief, or chief magistrates for the time being, are payable on that oath has been made before him or them in the presence of like goods of the officer of the customs for the port or place where such bef- lhc produce tials or goods shall be put on board, that the same are the ^elo^Great" growth, produce, or manufacture of the said Isle of Man; which £rjra°n.certificate or certificates shall also be attested by the said officer and under the of the customs, and shall express the nuhiber and tale of such restrictions beftials, with the marks and weight of the species of goods in each bale or parcel mentioned in the bill or bills of lacting, with mentioned, the name or names, place or places of abode of the exporter or exporters from the Isle of Man, and the name or names, place or places of abode, or such person or persons as shall have sworn the beftials or goods therein mentioned to be of the growth, produce and manufacture of the said Ip of Man, and where and to whom consigned in Great Britain; and the master or person taking charge of the ship or vessel importing the same, shall also make oath before the collector or principal officer of the customs of the port or place of importation in Great Britain,

That the said beftials^ bales and pareels, and the goods therein contained, are the same that were taken on board by virtue of the said certificate or certificates so to be produced; on failure whereof, or of any of the requisites herein before mentioned, the beftials, goods, wares or merchandizes, shall be liable to the same duties, penalties and forfeitures, as they would have been liable to by law, if this act had not been made.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted But no goods by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained thr gro?th shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give liberty to aqy m3tu^ person to import into Great Britain, from the said Ip of Man, factured in the any goods or commodities of the growth or product of any so- laid island reign nation or county, which may be in part or fully manu- may factured in the said island, except linen manufactures made ^0/hemp there of hemp or flax, not being the produce of the said island. and flax. P

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- c foresaid, That from and after the first day of July, one thousand abie^ijmn exl" seven hundred and sixty five, the like bounties which are now portation of allowed upon British and Irish linens exported from Great Bri- Urinih and tain, by virtue Qtf an act made in the twenty ninth year of the Wfo hneni,

Dd* re*6n Geo.

to be allowed on the like species made in the Isle of Man, and reexported from Ore at Britain.

Clavtfea in a ft 10 Anns,

tndit Geo. i

Anno quinto Georgii III.

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, InrttutecL Jh oft for granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Infli linens exported; and taking off the duties oH the importation of [ 'foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; shall be allowed and paid upon the like species of linen made in the Isle of Afdn, imported into Great Britain, in the manner herein before-mentioned which shall be re-exported from Great Britain, under the (amp limitations, restrictions, penalties and forfeitures, in all respect^ as are expressed and mentioned in the said recited act of parliament, with respect to the bounties thereby granted, as fully to all intents and purposes as if the several clauses, powers and directions relating thereto, were again repeated and enacted in this present act.

XIV. And wheneas by a clause in an act of parliament passed in the tenth year of the reign of her majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for laying several duties upon all soap and paper made m Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and (Iriped linens imported; and upon certain silk$, callicoes, linens and stuffs, printed, painted or (lained $ and upon several kinds of llampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets and advertisements, for raising the sum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery towards her Majesty's supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain > (locks of cards and dice; and for better securing her Majesty's duties to arise in the office for the stamp duties by licences for marriages and otherwise; and for relief of persons who bate not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon dock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the use of the publick; reciting, that it might frequently happen tint Jlale or rotten soap % and also the cuttings of good soap (for which the duties by the said act Should first have been duly paid or charged) might be put again into the copper or pan to be refreshed or made new; and the soap newly made from the same, or from a mixture of the same with other ingredients, would be chargeable with a new duty by the said act, it was therefore thereby provided and enacted, That in case such Jlale or rotten soap or cuttings, be put into the copper or pan9 in the presence of an officer for the said duties, to be re-freshed or made new as aforesaid; such officer Should, from time to time, make an allowance of the duty of the dale or rotten soap, or cuttings so put in, and certify every such allowance upon his report to be returned to the head officer; any thing therein contained to tie contrary notwithstanding: and whereas by an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King George the Fir)7, intitled, An act for more effectual preventing frauds and abuses in the public revenues; for preventing frauds in the salt duties, and for giving relief for salt used in the curing of salmon and cod-fish, in the year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the insurance companies to plead the general UTtse in actions

1765.] Anno quiate Georchi JIL c. 43.

tiens brought against them; and for securing the stamp duties upon policies of insurance; reciting the before mentioned clause, and that under colour and pretence of making such allowances pursuant to the aforesaid clause, and by combinations and confederacies between fraudulent makers of soap and corrupted officers of and for the said duties, who by bribes bad been prevailed upon in such their reports of the making of soapy sometimes to certify great quantities of stale or rotten soapy or of cuttings of soap put into such makings of soapy when m fall and in truth no such Jlale or rotten soapy or cuttings of soap, had really and in fall been put into such makings of soap, and at other times when small quantities of Jlale or rotten soap, or of cuttings of soapy have been put into such makings of soapy such officers had been by the means aforesaid prevailed upon to certify in such his and their report and reports, quantities of such Jlale or rotten soapy or cuttings offoapy much greater and far exceeding the quantity or quantities which at such time and times, really and in fall had beeny and were put into such rej'peftive makings of soapy whereby his Majesty had been greatly defrauded of and in his duties on soap: for preventing whereof for the future, it was enacted, That if any Jlale or rotten soapy or any cuttings of soapy in order to the refreflnng thereof\ Should from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty fivey be put into any making or makings of soapy unless of the intention and designing so to be put such Jlale Qr rotten soapy or cuttings of soapy there Should bey or Should ban been given> to the officer of the divtfeon. or place where such putting in was intended to bey such notice in writing as therein after was mentioned (that is to say) if such putting in was to be within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, then, and in such tafey by the space of twelve hours next before the respective time and times of such putting in such Jlale or rotten soapy or cuttings of soap \ but if in any other place or places out of the limits of the said weekly bilhy then and in such case % by the space of twenty four hours next before the respective time and times of such putting in such Jlale or rotten soapy or cuttings of soapy that in every such case and cases whatfaevery where such putting in Should bey or Should have been without such noticey the officer Should not certify such putting in, or any allowance for or in respect thereof', nor Should the maker or makers oj soapy in any such case or cafesy havey or be in titled to h.vty any allowance or allowances whatsoever, for or in respect of such putting in fugh Jlale or rotten soapy or of such cuttings of soap: and it was further enacted, That if from and after the said twenty fourth aay of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty fivey any officer or officers of excise, or for the said duties on soapy Should faUly pretendy that be or they hath or have, had due notice in writing oj such putting in of such Jlale or fatten soapy or of such cuttings of soapy in any case and cases where and in which he or they really and in fa ft Should not have had such due notice in writing, and Should make such allowance and allowances as afortfatdy and Should falsly certify ibe same \ every such officer and officers Jor every pound weight of such Jtale or rotten soapy or cuttings of foP* f° fdlfy allowedy or certified as aforesaid, Should forfeit and fojf the sum oftenjhillings; and every such maker or makers of soapy

D d 3 tob$

4c6 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

[1^65.

who Should demand, claim, have or take, any benefit or advantage for or in respect of any fiuh allowance Jb falfiy made or certified bj such officer or officers, in every such case and cases, Should forfeit and lose the sum of ten shillings for every pound weight of such flak or rotten soap, or cuttings of /cap. as Should be claimed, demanded, had or taken, by such maker or makers of soap, for and in respect of such allowance so falfiy made or certified for by such officer or officers: and whereas, notwithstanding the several before mentioned provisions, great frauds have been carried on by divers makers of hard soap, tender pretence of returning flak or rotten soap, or cuttings of soap, to the great detriment of the revenue, and the fair traders; be it enact-The several by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day wovision?1^To one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the several

far as the* before-recited provisions, so far only as relates to hard soap, and same relate to the makers thereof, and no otherwise, shall be, and the famfc hard soap, are hereby repealed; and in lieu of the before mentioned allow-el^thereof^ance hereby repealed, all and every the officers of excise, or for are repeated; duties on f°aPi shall, and they are hereby required, in charg-and the mak- 'n£ t^ie ^uties upon hafd soap, to allow to the respective makers ers are to be of hard soap, in their returns or reports of the several quantities of hard soap made by such respective makers of hard soap, one pound in every ten pounds of hard soap, which such officer or officers shall charge upon the respective makers thereof; which said allowance of one pound in every ten pounds of hard soap, is hereby declared to be in full compensation for all waste, Losses, or damages whatsoever.

XV. And whereas great frauds have been committed by divers makers of hard soap, by removing and secreting large quantities of soap in the absence of the officers from the copper, pan, or other utensil wherein the same is made, before the same is put into the frame; for remedy thereof, be it enacbed by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who, after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall make any hard soap, shall, at his, her, or their coppers, their own expence, find, provide, and affix sufficient wooden other 3uten covers (to approved of in writing by and under the hands of f, ls.'the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or

distrieft in which every such respective maker of hard soap shall reside) to every copper, pan, or other utensil wherein he shall boil or make any hard soap; which said coppers, pans, or other utensils, with the covers thereto affixed, and also the pipe or pipes that conveys or convey the waste or salt lees from the copper, pan, or other utensil, shall, and they are hereby required to be securely locked and sealed down by the officer of excise who surveys such trader, as focn as the fire is damped or drawn from under the copper, pan, or other utensil, whenever any soap, or any thing of a soapy quality, shall be left therein; which said locks and keys to the same, and all other necessary fastenings for securing the coppers, pans, or other utensils, and also the pipes, shall be provided by the respective surveyors or so-pervifors of excise of the division or distritft in which such respective

allowed i lib. in 10 lib. as a competi -iation in lieu of all waste, and other Losses.

Makers of hard soap to provide proper covers to

which the officer is to lock and leal down, when the tire is Ramped:

Supervisor to provide the locks, keys, pipes, and other fastenings thereto,

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 407

spective makers of hard soap shall reside, at the expence of such at theex-respective makers; and whenever any such maker of hard soap fuel1

shall bedefirous of lighting a fire under such copper, pan, or^ma£erg other utensil so locked and lealed down, and shall have given to are to give the officer of excise of the division or district twelve hours no- proper notice tice, if such maker of hard soap shall reside within the limits Sunder5 a and jurisdictton of the head office of excise in London; or if such fuctl coppers, maker of hard soap shall reside in any other part of Great Britain, 8cc.

twenty four hours notice of such his, her, or their intention, and the offi-the officer of excise shall attend to unlock and open the copper, ccr to, ?ttc.nd pan, or other utensil, and the pipe or pipes so secured: and if Make/no/*" any maker or makers of hard soap shall, after the said fifth day providing of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, presume to such covers, make any hard soap before he, she, or they shall have found, provided, and affixed sufficient wooden covers, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every copper, pan, or other utensil wherein he, she, or they shall boil or make any hard soap, according to the directions of this act; or shall refuse to pay for the locks or refuting to and keys, and other fastenings to be provided in pursuance of pay for the the direction of this act; or if by any act, device, or contri- ^CgS, ^ften" vance whatsoever, any such maker of hard soap shall open any ©reopening copper, pan, or utensil, or any pipe or pipes, after the same any copper shall have been locked down and secured as aforesaid, before the before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of ex- ^ar?c. cife, or shall wilfully break or damage any such lock or seal, or UI oc c J c* other fattening, every such maker or makers of hard soap, of- for£e*lts aoj fending in any of the said cases, shall, for every such offence re- or ei 3 20 spectively forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XVI. And whereas very great frauds have been committed by several makers of hard soap, in lighting their fires under their coppers, pans, or other utensils, under a pretence of cleansing their coppers, or for the preparing of materials for the making of soap, without giving any notice thereof to the proper officer

of excise; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the au- _ -.

thority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July,^natic/ro* one thousand fevfcn hundred and sixty five, no maker or makers the proper of-of hard soap do presume, on any pretence, to light a fire un- ficer, of his der any copper, pan, or other utensil used in the boiling of soap, {ntLI, ^oni^ or for cleansing his, her, or their foul goods, or in the preparing whether for any materials for the making of soap, without first giving in making soap, writing, to the proper officer of excise within the limits' and or dean6ng jurisdiction of the head office of excise in London, twelve hours his foul goods, notice at least, and to the proper officer or officers in other parts &c* of Great Britain, twenty four hours notice at least, of his, her, under penalty or their intention to light such fire, on pain to forfeit, for every 2o1* such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.,

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a* Maker to pro-foresaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thou- vide proper sand seven hundred and sixty five, all and every maker and makers p^t7ine his of hard soap shall make use of regular square or oblong frames {-oap in when only, for the cleansing or putting his, her, or their soap (whe-taken out of ther perfect or not perfect) into, when taken out of the copperthe copperj

D d 4 or

49$ Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43* [1/651

or other ytenfil where the same was boiled or prepared\ and tkaC the bottom, Tides and ends, of every such frame, shall rcdpost* ively be of the tbipkness of two inches at the leaftj apd creep such frame shall not exceed forty five inches in length, nor fiU a*d to give ten inches in breadth; of which frames all and every maker sod notice thereof makcraof hard soap is and are hereby required to give notice in cSfice* Infone writing at office for the duties on soap next to the place pfing the fame; where such soap shall be made, before he, she, or they, do pro* and the frames same to use the (time; all which said frames shall be marked and to be marked numbered by, or by the direction of, the respective surveynr* b^be or ^erv^1 who survey the rc(pc£iive makers of

visor, before* hard to w^om such frames belong, at the expence of such pfing, respective makers: and that if any maker or makers of hard soap

shall make use of any other fort of frame, or any other kind of vessel, for the purposes aforesaid j or if the bottom, or ends, or Tides, of any of the said frames shall not be of the thickness before mentioned; or if any of the said frames shall exceed forty five inches in length, or fifteen inches in the breadth thereof 1 or if any such maker or makers of hard soap shall use any such frame, without giving such notice thereof as aforesaid, or before the same shall have been marked and numbered as aforesaid, on'penalty of he, she, or they shall, for every such offence respectively* tori £ feit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

Hard soap

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a* once put into foresaid, That no hard soap (whether perfectly made or not} the frames, after the same shall have been cleansed or put into the frame or frames, (haJI, on any pretence whatsoever, be returned or pus again into the copper or other utensil for boiling or re-working i and if any such hard soap shall be so returned or put again into without being the copper or other utensil, the same shall be again charged with duties on soap.

t$cu

XIX. And whereas great frauds have been committed by

private and clandestine makers of soap and (larch, who, when discovered, do afiume to themselves, and are called by other than their true names, and to avoid being prosecuted for die same, do withdraw and abscond themselves, that they may not personally have notice of any prosecution for the same, or be served with any process or fumtnons to answer the same: for re* lclaT medy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Ju*u % one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the leaving a summons at the (dace or places where any such discovery as aforesaid shall be made* directed, to the person or persons by his, her, or their right or af-makers of roap famed name or names, who shall be prosecuted for making or or (Urch, Ha- having made use of any boiling-house, working-house, ware* ble to prose- house, store-house, (hop, room or other place, for the making fin* unentered pr kceP, n8 of soap, or for the boiling or keeping any oil, tallow, workfoopa, pot afh, lime, pr other materials proper to be made into soap $ See. and ufoig or for using or having made use of any copper, kettle, furnace* aflfomed fatr, dstern, trough or other vessel, for the boiling or making condinjr°r* foaP> without first giving notice thereof in writing at the v office

not to be re turned again into thf copper,

without beini

deemed legal and effectual notice and summont to private and clandestine

1

1765.] Anno quiato Georgii III. c. 43. 409

office for the fiud duties on soap next to the place where such soap shall be made, according to the directions of the Statute in in that case made and provided; or making or having made use of any work-house, store-house, room, or other place, for the making and drying, or keeping of starch, or for the converting or keeping any flour, meal, or other materials proper to be made into starch; or for using or having made use of any fatt, trough, box, stove, utensil, or other vessel, for the making of starch; without first giving notice thereof in Writing at the office for the duties on starch next to the place where such starch shall be made, according to the directions of the Statutes in that case made and provided, shall be deemed to be, and is hereby declared to be, as legal and effectual a notice or summons, to ail intents and purposes, as if such notice or fumtnons was person-fclly given or delivered to or into the hands of the party ox* parties lor whom the same shall be designed 5 and as if such notice or summons was directed to the party or parties to and for whom the same shall be designed, by his, her, or their proper name or names.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in case any officer or officers for the du- Where offices tics upon soap and candles, or either of them, shall have cause fafpea to (ufpeft that soap or candles is or are privately making in any ^esare pri-

1)lace or places whatsoever; or that any soap or candles is or are vately mak-odged or concealed in any place or places whatsoever, with an in?, intent to defraud his Majesty of his duty; then, and in every °yiC conceat-such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers before the^ rct of for the duties upon soap or candles for the time forth the being respectively, or any one or more of them, or before one ground of hie or more justice or jtiftices of the peace, redding near the place lufpidon up-where such officer or officers shall suspect the same to be private- on ly making, or to be lodged, or concealed, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioner or of, justice or juT dices of the peace refoectively, before whom such oath shall be a special war-made, if he or they mail judge it reasonable, by special warrant rant may be under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, by day or by night, (but if in places, UC the night, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful v officer of the peace) to enter into all and every such place or places, where he or they shall so suspect that any soap or candles or are so privately making, lodged, or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such soap or candles, as he or they shall and seize fudk there find so privately making, together with all the materials of thgate-what kind soever that shall be then ready or preparing for the rials, making either of soap or candles 5 and likewise all such (bap or and candles as they shall find so lodged or concealed in any place orfoap andean-

Elaces whatsoever, as forfeited, together with all and every the dies as shall be oxes or other packages wherein such soap or candles shall be f°und con-pootaioed; and the person or persons that shall be found <b pri- t*1* 1 v vately

410 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4$*' [1765.

and where the vately making either soap or candles, or the person orperfom duties Hull in whose possession any soap or candles shall be so found; rnnless, hav^been* ° ^c> r they, do make it appear that the duty bar bcenpaid

paid, the par- for the same, shall respectively forfeit and pay the sum of one ties forfeit hundred pounds.

0°1*

XXI. And whereas by an act passed in the ninth year of the

Recital of reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for keying clauses in aft attain duties upon bides and/kins, tanned, tawed, or dreffect, tsndup-9 Annx, on vellHm an^ parchment, for the term of thirty two years, for profit cuting the war, and other her Majesty's mojt necessary occasions; it was famongst other things) enacted, That if any tanner, tawer, or drester, of hides or skins, or any maker of vellum or parchment* chargeable by the said act, Should remove or convey, or cause or procure to be removed or conveyed from his, her, or their yard or drying place, any of the said hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, or any such vellum or parchment, before the said duties shall be fully charged by weight or tale, or adva-lorem, as the said act in the respective cases doth require; and before the same hides or skins, or pieces of hides and skins, and such vellum and parchment respectively, Should be marked to denote the charging the duty as the said act directs; that then, and in such case, all and every such tanner, tawer, drester, and maker, Should, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds; one moiety thereof to the Queen, and theother moiety thereof to him or them that Should inform or sue for the same: and moreover, that all thehidesand skins, and pieces of hides and skins; vellum and parchment, which Should be sold or removed contrary to the said act, Should be forfeited, and Should and might be seized

by any of her Majesty's officers, for her Majesty's use: and where-as by one other act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his and 5 Geo. i.ate majesty King George the First, intituled An act for continu

ing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the feroice of the year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and for enlarging the time for entering at the exchequer such alignments of reversionary annuities as are therein mentioned; and for the better securing the duties on hides and skins, vellum and parchment \ it was enacted, for the better ascertaining the said duties, and for preventing the carrying on of frauds between the officers for the said duties, and the traders and dealers in the manufactures and goods charged with the said duties; and to the intent that hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, after they have been weighed and taken an account of by the officers for the said duties, may again be weighed and taken an account of by the supervisors and surveyors of the said duties; That from and after the tenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, all tanners, tawers, and dressers of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, vellum and parchment, Should, from time to time, keep all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, vellum and parchment, which have not been duly statnped by the officers for the said duties, separate and apart from all other hides and skins, and

pieces

1765O Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

411

piece? of hides and skins, vellum and parchment, which have been duly damped by the officers for the Cud duties; and Should also, from time to time, keep all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, as from time to time Should have been last damped by the officers for the said duties, separate and apart from all other hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, vellum and parchment, which at any time or times before Should have been stamped by the officers for the said duties, during the respective times therein after mentioned (that is to say) within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, by the space of twenty four hours next after such damping thereof by the said officers, and in other places out of the limits of the said weekly bills, by the space of two days next after such damping thereof, unless the same Should respectively sooner have been weighed and taken an account of by the respective surveyors or supervisors for the said duties, on pain to forfeit, for every offehce therein, the sum of ten pounds: and whereas, for want of an express provision, that no tanner, tawer, or dresser of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and and skins, shall remove or convey, or cau(e to be removed or conveyed, from his, her, or their yard or drying place, any of the said hides and skins, or pieces of hides or skins, after the same have been weighed and damped by the officers for the said duties, before the same have been again weighed and taken an account of by the respective surveyors orsupervisors for the said duties, it is notorious, that many such tanners, tawers, anddreflers of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, have, through various pretences, frequently removed and conveyed their hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, from their yards and drying places, and immediately after the same have been weighed and marked by the officer for the said duties, whereby the respective surveyors and supervisors for the said duties have been prevented from re-weighing and taking an account thereof, so that great frauds have been committed between the said traders and the inferior officers of excise, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said last recited clause, and to the great detriment of the revenue and fair trader: now, in order to prevent such frauds, and Tanners, ^c. abuses agreeable to the intent of the said last recited clause 5 it is not to remove hereby enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That no the hides or tanner, tawer, or dresser of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, chargeable with the respective duties by law payable for i^g places or the same, shall at any time or times, from and after the fifth store-rooms day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, remove for4 hours or convey, or cause, procure, or suffer, to be removed or con- jj^.hc veyed, from his, her, or their yard or drying place, or from his, thereof^y her, or their entered store-rooms, any bides or skins, or pieces the officer for of hides or skins, before the expiration of twenty four hours the duties, on next after the stamping thereof by the officers for the said duties, PCIja, ty of unless the same shall looner have been weighed by the respect ypjefs1 five supervisors or surveyors for the said duties; to the end that shall have7 $he said respective supervisors and surveyors may have an oppor- been sooner

by

412

and any additional weight which shall be then found, is to be charged 'frith the duty.

Tanner* to provide proper scale* and weights in their drying place*.

and to bring the skins to the scales, and asti ft the fiipervisor in re-weighing the same, and in examining their depend* ing docks, on penalty of 50l.

Recital of clauses in act 5 Annie,

Anno quinto GrorGH III. c. 43. [1765.

tunity to re-weigh the fane after the said officers r and if upon the re-weighing any such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, any additional weight shall be found, such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, shall he liable to, and chargeable with the respective rates and duties by law payable for such hides or flrins, according to such last mentioned weight: and if any fitch tanner, tawer, or dresser of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, shall remove, or cause or fuflfer to be removed, any such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, from any of his, her, or their yards or drying places, or entered (lore-rooms, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad$ he, she, or they, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XXII. And* to the end the said respective surveyors and ta pervisor* may not be unnecessarily delayed in the execution of their duty, it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thoutimd seven hundred and sixty five, all and every such tanners, tawers, and dressers of hides and skins, shall, at their respective yards or drying places, be obliged to provide and keep, at their own cods and charges, fuffiquent and just scales and weights for the re-weighing such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins; and to bring the lame to the scales, and to assist the said respective surveyors and supervisors in the re-weighing such hides and skins, and in examining, from time totime, thedepending stockof every such tanner, tawer, or dresser of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and if any such tanner, tawer or dresser of hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, shall refuse or neglect to provide and keep, at their respective yards or drying places, sufficient and just (bales and weights for the re-weighing such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, or to bring the same to the tales, or to assist the said respective surveyors and supervisors in the re-weighing such hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, or in the examining from time to time, their respective depending (locks as this act directs; every such tanner, tawer, and dresser of hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, so refuting or neglecting, shall, in each and every such case, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XXIII. And whereas by an act of parliament made and passed in the fifth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anm % intituled An act for an union of tbt two kingdoms $/England and Scotland; it is, by the eighteenth article of the said of union, declared and enabled. That the laws concerning regulation of trade, customs, and such excises to which Scotland is, by Virtue of this treaty, made liable, be the same in Scotland, from and after the union, as in England; and by the seventh article of the said act of union, it is also declared and enabled. That all parts of the united kingdom be, for ever, from and after the union, liable to the same excises upon all excitable liquors; excepting only that the thirty four gallons English barrel of beer or ale, amounting to twelve gallons Scots present measure, fold in Scotland at nine shillings and six pence sterling, excluding all

duties,

Anno quinto GfioRcn III. c. 43. 4lJ

duties, and retailed, including duties, at two pence the Scotch pint, or eighth part of the Scots galion, be not after the union liable, on account of the present excise upon exciseable liquors in England, to any higher imposition than two shillings sterling upon the aforesaid thirty four gallons English barrel, being twelve

fallons the present Scots measure; yet nevertheless doubts have een raised whether the brewers of that particular species of beer or ale mentioned and described in the said seventh article of the said treaty of union, and commonly called and known by the name of Two Penny Beer or Alet are within the defection and meaning of an act of parliament made and passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for laying several duties upon low wines or spirits of1 '*

the first extraction; and for preventing the frauds and abuses of brewers, distillers, and other persons chargeable with the duties of excise \ and by reason of such doubts, great frauds and abuses have been, and are, daily committed and made by the brewers of such beer or ale, which is generally called Two Penny Beer or AUy by their refusing to permit or suffer the gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, to flay and continue in their brew-houses, store-houses, or other places, in the same manner as all other trewers are obliged and accustomed to permit and suffer them, to fee such guiles or brewings brewed off, cleansed, and carried out without mixture, and by their fraudulently carrying a great part of their beer or worts away from the fight and view of such gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, before the same have been charged with any duty, and which is evidently discovered to be the practice of such brewers, from the constant great disparities which have been, and dill are, from time to time, found by the gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, on their surveys, between the cheque gauges of their beer or worts taken in the coppers, and the real gauges of the same beer or worts when cast, out of the coppers and thrown into the backs or coolers, and from whence the duty is charged, whereby his Majesty's revenue has been lessened and diminished more than one half to what the same was formerly: now, for removing and putting an end to such doubts, and for the more effectual preventing the The recited frauds aforesaid, and other frauds practised to the detriment of act of 7 & t the revenue; be it declared and enacted by the authority afore- v^-3- 4C*. said. That it is the true intent and meaning of the said a d, and ^SSnaihi-articles of union, that the said act made and passed in the seventh tention and and eight years of the reign of his late majesty King William the meaning, to Third, herein before mentioned, and every clause, matter, and tjSlj0 thing, therein contained (except such part thereof as was repealed by an act passed in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his said majesty King William the Third) doth now, and and to the always did, by virtue of the said act, and articles of union, ex- brewers, mn-tend to that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain, called Scotland, and to all and every the brewers, inn-keepers, and vie- theretnfbUw-tuallers therein, of what kind, quality, or denomination soever ing their own they shall brew or make their beer or ale 5 and that if hereafter beer or ak>

4*4

Officers accordingly to be admitted into such house* to gauge the worts.

nndtoconti-

1.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1765.

any common brewer, inn-keeper, or victualler, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whether such common brewer, inn-keeper, or victualler, shall brew or make party guiles of strong and small beer, or party guiles of strong two penny beer or ale, and small beer, or whether such common brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, shall brew or make intire guile or guiles of one fort of beer or ale only* of what kind or quality the same shall be, shall, upon due request or demand made by the gauger or gaugers, or other officer or officers, in the day-time, or, in the night, in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, refuse to permit such gauger or gaugers, or other officer or officers, to enter and come into his house, brew-house, (torehouse, or other places belonging to or used by such.brewer, inn-keeper, or victualler, or being lawfully entered, ihev have*done re^u^c gauger or gaugers, or, other officer or officers, to

their duty; stay and continue in his brewhouse or place of brewing whilst his guile is brewing, and quietly gauge and take an account of all and every the wort and worts as they are brewed off and let into his backs, tuns, or other vessels, and to fee their strong and small, or other beer or ale of what kind or quality soever, cleansed and carried out without mixture, and to gauge and take an account of the goods in the mafti tun, or of the quantity of malt from which such wort or worts are drawn or made, on penalty of or during such part of such brewing or operation as such gauger or gaugers, officer or officers, shall tfyink fitting and convenient to (lay and continue; such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, for every such offence, shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds; and the informer or prosecutor shall not be obliged to prove that such brewer, innkeeper, or victualler, did carry or deliver out any part of such guile of beer or ale before he paid and cleared the duties for the same; any thing in the former acts of excise, or any other act or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And whereas doubts have arisen upon the construe-tien of an act of parliament made and passed in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for repealing a clause in a former act relating to party guiles, and for the better preventing frauds and abuses of brewers and others chargeable with the duties of excise, whether such common brewers of the beer or ale aforesaid, commonly called or known by the name of Two Penny Beer or Aley are by the said act obliged to declare to the gauger or gaugers, the quantity and quality of such beer or ale so brewed or made by them, in the same manner as common brewers of party guiles now do by virtue of the said act: now to obviate those doubts, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it is the true intent and m^rcom^ mean>ng of the said act and articles of union, that the said a St mon brewers eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the

within the Third do, by virtue of the said a Cl and articles, extend to all same. and every part of the united kingdom, and to all and every com-

bjrewa-°tode mon brewer within the same; and that all and every common

brewer.

Act S &9W. i.

The recited act of S Sc9W. 3. declared in it's original intention and meaning, to extend to

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43, 415

brewer, whether of the beer or ale aforesaid, commonly called dare to the and known by the name of Two Penny, or of what kind or an(j

quahtysoever he shall make his worts, beer, or ale, shall de- of the

dare (on demand made by the gauger or gaugers) the quantity wprts, before and quality of the beer, ale, or worts, made and brewed by the guile is him or them on each respe<$tive guile or brewing, before any out

part of such guile is cleansed. or removed out of his tuns, or o- 0 e uns* ther vessels or utensils; and in case any such brewer, or his re- otherwise the (pedttve servants, brewing or making such guile of beer or ale, whole is to shall refuse to make such declaration as aforesaid, such gauger b* charged or gaugers shall charge and return the whole of such guile to be duty to strong, and such brewers shall pay the duties thereof according-^paid ac-ly; and shall also forfeit and lose, for every barrel of beer or ale cordingly $ contained in such guile, the sum of twenty shillings: and in case withoa.p*r any common brewer, or his respective servant or servants, after barrel extra* such declaration made as aforesaid, shall make any increase of^ aftcrcje strong beer or strong ale, or two penny beer or ale, so declared citation, any by any ways or means whatsoever; or shall mix his beer or ale fraudulent in-of one guile or brewing with any beer or ale of any other guile create or mix-or brewing, or \yith small beer or returned drirtk, or with wa- ture shall be ter, or by any other ways or means whatsoever; or in case such {£*/ m uc gauger or gaugers shall find any beer, ale, or worts, of the same guile laid off, over and above the quantity so declared as or any of the aforesaid; such brewers shall forfeit and lose for every barrel so guile shall be increased or mixed, laid off, or found over and above the quan- °^; tityfo declared as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds; and the^f^rt^r servant or servants of such brewer, or other person or persons, barrel/^and every of them, who was or were arfy ways concerned, or aiding, or assistant, in making any such encrease or mixture after and the per-the said declaration, or in laying off any such beer or ale, or f0Ils worts, of such guile, before such declaration made as aforesaid, m uc iau, s shall forfeit and lose for every barrel so encreased, mixed, ortoforfejt laid off, the sum of twenty shillings; and in default of payment moreover 10s. thereof, shall suffer three months imprisonment; unless it shall per barrel: appear, that such encrease or mixture was made by adding to, a ment°to" or mixing with the same, ' any beer or ale that was left in his or be committed her brewhouse of a former guile of his or her brewing; and un for 3 months, less it shall also appear, that such encrease or mixture was added or made in the fight and view of the proper gauger or officer.

XXV. And whereas by an act of parliament made and passed Rec; tai0f in the eighth and ninth years of his majesty Xing William the clause in aft Third, intituled An act for repealing a clause in a former act re- 8 &9W. 3. luting to party guiles, and for the better preventing frauds and abuses of brewers and others chargeable with the duties of excise; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That if any common brewer shall, at any time after the tenth day of Aprils which was in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, without notice first given at the next office, erect or set up any tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, or shall alter or enlarge any tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, already erected or set up, or shall h^ve or keep any private or concealed tun, batch, float,

cooler,

4i6

Common brewer alter* ing the situation or gofi-tien of his brewing utensils, without giving notice to the proper officer,

or placing any thing in the dipping place, &c. to prevent the taking the true gauge.

forfeits so L

Recital of clause in aft at Geo. a.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. [ f 765.

cooler, or copper, other than such as are openly discovered and known to be commonly used in his brewhouse, or place of brewing; every such brewer shall forfeit and lose for every tun, batch, float, cooler, and copper, so erested, set up, altered, or enlarged, kept private or concealed, without such notice given as aforesaid, the sura of two hundred pounds: and whereas it very frequently happens that brewers do alter the situation and pontion of such of their utensils in their own fayour, and in prejudice to the revenue, without giving any such notice, whereby it is very difficult, and sometimes impossible for the gauger or officer to ascertain the true dips, and the quantity of the liquor contained therein, and thereby the good intent or the said act rs greatly defeated and rendered ineffectual: for remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any common brewer shall, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, alter the situation or position of any tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, after the same hath been set up and fixed, without first giving notice thereof in writing to the officer of the division or place appointed to survey, gauge, and take an account of his beer, ale, or worts; or shall place any boards, (lone, wood, or any other materials, at, in, or upon, the dipping place or places, of any such tun, batch, float, cooler, or copper, or shall by any other ways or means prevent or hinder such gauger or officer from taking true dips and gauges of such beer, ale, or worts, every such brewer shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XXVI. And whereas by a clause in an act of parliament passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repealing the present inland duty of four shillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof \ and for the better securing the duty upon tea, and Other duties of excise; and for pursuing offenders out of one county into another; reciting, That whereas by the laws then in force concerning the duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, in that part of Great Britain called England, all forfeitures and offences made and committed within the immediate limits of the chief office m London, were to be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the chief of and governors of excise; and all such forfeitures and offences made and committed within all or any other the counties, cities, towns, or places, in England, were to be heard and determined, by any two or more of the justices of the peace, residing near to the place where such forfeitures Should be made, or offence committed; and reciting also, that many persons chargeable with duties of excise, or other duties under the management of the said of, or incurring; penalties by offences against the said laws, did frequently avoid prosecutions for the same, by removing out of the jurudt&ion wherein such duties were charged, or offence committed, to the 2 great

4*7

Anno quinta GEtift&t Tit. c. 43.

great prejudice of the revenue, and discouragement of the fifr traders: for remedy whereof, it was by the said act enacted*

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, otie thousand seven hundred and forty five, it Should and might be lawful for the said of and justices respectively within whole jurisdiction any person charged with any of the said du*

ties, or who Should have committed any offence against the said laws, or any of them, or against the said act, Should be found* to fuounon, hear, adjudge, and determine, and issue any process s>v warrant, in the same manner as such of might then do, in case of such offences as were committed within thefr respective jurisdictions; and in case the said of or justices Should, upon any judgement given by them respective-iy, issue a warrant or warrants of distress, and the person or persons authorized to execute such warrant, or any of them, Should make a return thereto, that no sufficient distress could be found, then it Should and might be lawful for the said of and justices respectively, within whose jurisdiction the party Should at any time be found against whom such warrant Should have been irsued, upon producing to them such warrant and return thereof, to commit such offender to the next county gaol* till satisfaction thou Id be made: and whereas, since the passing of the said clause, divers other rates and duties of excise, and other rates and duties, have by virtue of several acts parliament been put under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland \ and it is proper that the pro- power8^visions in the last recited clause Should be extended to all and provisions every law and laws concerning the duties of excise, or other du- enacted by the tie* under the management of the respective of of, aft recited excise in England and Scotland; be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, tien against authorities, provisions, and directions, enacted by the said last all persons recited clause, shall and may, from and after the fifth day of committing July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be used, practised, applied, and put in execution, against all and every fas concern-person or persons who shall commit any offence or offences a- ing the duties gainst any ad ot acts of parliament concerning the duties of ex- of eacift* dfe, or any other duties under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland for the time being, in as full and effectual manner, as if the said powers, author rities, provisions, and directions, had been enacted in the body of each respective ad; any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And whereas the laws already made to prevent the clandestine importing and landing of foreign brandy, rum, Where fcf-strong waters, or other spirits, in small veflets, which hover upon the coasts of this kingdom, have been found infafRcient for {fought into that purpose; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, any part of That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand feveiV Great Britain, hundred and sixty five, if any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, m tcffcls strong waters or spirits of any kind whatsoever, shall be im-VoSmXXVL £e 1 ported der/

18 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43.

[17^5.

ported or brought from any part of Europe; or from and after the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall be imported or brought from any part of Afiay Africa or America, into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any ship, vessel, or boat, of the burthen of one hundred tons, or under (except only for the use of the Teamen then belonging to and on board such ship, vessel or boat, such spirits not weeding two gallons for every such seaman) every such are liable to <hip» vessel or boat, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, forfeiture, to- and also all such brandy, arrack, rum, strong waters or spirits, Esther with or the value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost; and shall and the vcnel, &c. may be seized, prosecuted, condemned and disposed of, in the seized^d ^ame manner as other forfeited goods and ships or vessels, not fold, as for- exceeding fifty tons burthen, are directed to be seized, prosecut-feited goods, ed, condemned and disposed of, by an act made in the third and vesselsun-year Of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for burthen0"* Ar/^r improvement of his Majesty's *revenue of customs, and may by act for the encouragement of officers making seizures 5 and for the pre-3 Geo. 3. vention of the clandiftme running of goods into any part of his Ada* jesty's dominions.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority N^cncjaor aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no foreign spirits called Ge* nevay and that from and after the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no rum shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any vessel or cask which shall not contain sixty gallons at the lead (excepting only for the use of the seamen then belonging to and on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two gallons for each seaman) on forfeiture thereof, to be seized, prosecuted, and divided, in the manner herein before mentioned.

XXIX. Provided always, That in case it shall be made ap-except British pear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's cu-flromthe plan- ^oms m England or Scotland respectively, that any rum, being rations im- the produce or manufacture of any of his Majesty's dominions porteddirectly in America, shall be imported direCUy from thence in small

thence Casks, without fraud or concealment* either for the use of the for private ma^ern voyaSe> or for the Private use of merchants or use|P traders so importing the same, or designed as presents, and not

by way of merchandize; that then, and in every such case, it

admitted^' anc* may heavy^u^ for the kid respective of, if entry, and to they think proper, to admit such rum to an entry, and cause the pay the duties, duties thereof to be accepted instead of the forfeiture thereof before mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas great quantities of brandy, rum, and other spirits, are clandestinely run on shore in Great Britain, from

small vessels which are cleared outwards from Ireland, under the pretence of being destined with such goods to foreign parts; to prevent which practices for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July*

one

rum may be imported in leu than 60 gallon calks.

n forfeiture thereof

1765O Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 419

one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, if any brandy, rum. Where (pint* strong waters, or spirits of any kind whatsoever, shall be enter- f nX kind ed or shipped for exportation from the kingdom of Ireland, to ^or entered any port or place not within the same kingdom, in any ship or for exporta-venel whatsoever, under the burthen of one hundred tons, ex- tien from Tre-cept only for the use of the seamen then belonging to and on, an^»in veffe, # board such ship or vessel, not exceeding two gallons for each burS*en7ton# such seaman; every such ship or vessel, with all her tackle, fur- such vessel niture and apparel, and also all such brandy, rum, strong waters and spirits, or spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any maybefeired, officer or officers of the revenue in Ireland, and prosecuted, tried, a[lc' are.determined and disposed of, in such and the like manner as any forfeiture incurred by the laws now in force in the said kingdom of Ireland, against the running or intending to run goods into that kingdom, may, by any act or acts of parliament now in force in that kingdom, be prosecuted, tried, determined, and disposed of.

XXXI. And whereas tobacco, rum, and other goods, are shipped for exportation to the islands of Faro or Ferro, being

part of the dominions of the king of Denmark, with no other No drawback intent than fraudulently to related the same 011 the coasts of Great or bounty to Britain or Ireland; which practices, if not prevented, will great- be allowed for Jy diminish his Majesty's revenues of customs, and be very any goods exprejudicial to the fair traders: for remedy whereof, be it further (^Brit"? enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no drawback or boun- or Ireland To ty shall be allowed for any goods whatsoever, which, from and the islands of after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and Faro; sixty five next, shall be expofted from Great Britain or Ireland, nor co^k.ct to the said islands of Faro or Ferro; nor shall any co: ket or fxporting°r clearance be granted for the exporting to the said islands any prohibited goods which are prohibited to be worn or used either in Great goods thither# Britain or Ireland; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty of en-That if any merchant or other person shall enter any goods tering goods for exportation to foreign parts, other than to the said islands of f?r cxP?rt*r Faro or Ferro, in order to obtain the drawback or bounty for J^her511 the same; or if any goods which are prohibited to be worn or than the used in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be entered for exportation islands of

to foreign parts, other than to the said islands of Faro or Ferro; Far°» or^cr and such gobds shall nevertheless be carried to the said islands, dTawbac^or and landed there contrary to the true intent and meaning of this bounty; and adfc; that then, and in every such case, the drawback or bounty also prohibited paid or to be paid for the same, shall be forfeited; and the ex- sonmf porter of such goods, and the master of the ship or vessel on t^rardslaiMl-board which the same were loaden and exported, and every per- ing the same son concerned or assisting in the exportation or landing of the at Faro# said goods, whether any drawback or bounty has been or is to i* forfeiture be paid for the same or not, shall forfeit treble the value of the treble"^! goods; and the ship or vessel on board which such goods were jue of the loaden and exported, with all her tackle, furniture and apparel, goods, toge.

E e 2 shall ^her with the

vessel,

4*o Anno quinta Georgii III. c. 43. [1765.

shall also be forfeited, and shall and may be (eized and profo- cuted by any officer of the customs or excise in Great Britain or

Ireland; and the several penalties and forfeitures herein before^ mentioned, shall and may be sued for and recovered in such and the like manner as any forfeiture incurred by any la\v of the revenue may be sued for and recovered in the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland respectively; one moiety of which penalties and forfeitures (after deducing the charges of prosecution) shall be to the use 01 his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the other moiety to such officer of the customs or excise as shall fuc or prosecute for the same.

The iflamli of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* F.ar^o bc said, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thou* oath upon de-fan<* seven hundred and sixty five, the said islands of Faro or bentures for Ferro, shall be added to, and included in the oath upon all deben-goods export- tures for goods exported, whereon the exporter is to swear, that such goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain or Ireland.

XXXIV. And, for preventing the frauds frequently used in importing coffee in small quantities, whereby the same is more easily conveyed away without payment of any duties for the same* be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, no coffee shall be brought or imported from any part of Europe; or from and after the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall be brought or imported from any part of /tyia, Africa, or America, into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven or creek thereof, in any ship or vessel from any place or places whatsoever beyond the seas, otherwise than in cask, chest, case, bag or other package, each cask, chest, case, bag, or other package whereof, shall Contain one hundred and twelve pounds of neat coffee at the

4n penalty of ca^? 10^owec* °Pentyn the hold of such ship or vessel im-forfcturef ° porting the same; onpam to forfeit all the coffee (b brought or imported contrary to this act, with the package containing the same, which shall and may be (eized by any officer of the customs or excise.

XXXV. And whereas by an act of parliament passei in the tenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate and cocoa paste import* ed; and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa paste; and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon Coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts imported; apdfor granting relief to Robert Dalziell, late earl of Camwath; it was, amongst, other things, provided and enabled. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty four, all coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, imported into the kingdom, of Great Britain from any foreign parts, upon the entry thereof at the CMjUm-hmfe, and paying or securing the several subsidies uni additional impefl* which Should (hen remain 4h thereon, Should he forthwith carried or

put

Vo coffee to be imported in less packages than ixxlb. neat coffee.

Recital of clause in act no Geo. i.

1765.] Anno o quinto Georgii III. c. 4 j. 421

put into such warehouse or warehouses os jhculd bo for that purpose provided^ at the tharge of the respective importer or importers of such coffee) tea and cocoa ftuts, and shall be approved of by the commission-trs of his Majests customs, or the major part of them, for the time being: and whereas several persons have refused or neglected, for a long time after the importation of such coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, to make due entry thereof and to pay or secure the several subsidies and additional imposts due thereon, and have infified to keep the same on board, by which means the revenue of excise hath been unnecessarily put to a very considerable expend, by keeping tidesmen on board the ships; and great opportunities are also obtained for embezling or running on shore all or patt of the said coffee, tea and cocoa nuts, without payment of any duties for the same, notwithstanding the utmost care and vigilance of the officers of excise to prevent the same; for importer of remedy whereof, be it hereby ensured by the authority afore- coffee, tea, laid. That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand fe- orcocoa nut* veil hundred and sixty five, the importer or importers of any coffee, tea, or cocoa nuts, imported into Great Britain, within thir- JO jay8 after ty days next after the matter or purser, for that voyage, of the report made ship or vessel wherein the said coffee, tea, or cocoa nuts, shall*je custotn be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, shall have, or ought to have, made a just and true entry or report, 31X19upon oath, of the burthen, contents, and lading of such ship or vessel, in pursuance of the directions of the Statute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles P^uaj^ to the Second, intituled An act for preventing frauds and regulating Car.*!.* abuses in his Majesty's customs, shall make due entry thereof, with and is to duly an officer of the excise, to be appointed by the respective com- land the same, ttiissioners of excise in England and Scotland for that purpose, and* put in land the same, to be put in the warehouses as aforesaid, on painar^jfcL to forfeit, for every neglect or refusal to make such entry, or to 9

land the same according to the directions of this act, all such on forfecture coffee, tea and cocoa nuts, with the package wherein the same thereof*

shall be contained on board such ship or vessel, belonging to such importer or importers of the same so neglecting or refuting* which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the Excise.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and de- ^extend to^ dared by the authority aforesaid, That the last mentioned pro- any tea or vision shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any cof- coffee im-fee or tea imported, or to be imported, by the East India com- jpwted byth#

pa$xxvi.And whereas in cases where any person or persons is or comPa41Jr* are at liberty to export to foreign parts any wares or merchandizes, fkbjelt to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, such person or persons is or are required, by the laws now in being, to make proof upon oath or by affirmation, that the duty of such tvhres or merchandizes hath been paid or secured, according to the several acts by which such duty is respectively laid upon such wares or merchandizes 5 which oath or affirmation the colteflor, who received the said duty, is thereby required add impowered to administer \ and

E c 3 also

y

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1765.

also to give to such perfort or per fins gratis a certificate or certificates % expressing the kinds and weights of such wares or merchandizes, and the duties paid for the same: and whereas it frequently happens^ that such cclkflors are absent from home, in the execution of other parts of their duty, when such personss, fi intending to export Juih wares or merchandizes, do apply, in order to make such proof upon oath or by affirmation, and to receive such certificate, by which means such personss are prevented from or greatly delayed in the exportation Persons fi>eci- of fab wares or merchandizes; be it therefore enacted by the au-by the^m- lh°r*ty aforesaid, That from and ascer the said fifth day of Juty, imflioners of one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, it shall and may be excise, may, lawful for such person or ersons, as shall be appointed by the in the ab^n^e commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively for or, adm?nifbr ^me being, or major part of them respectively, within the oath re- their several districts, to administer such oath or affirmation, in quired to be the absence of the respective collectors, to the persons so applying taken on the for the same, in order to export such wares and merchandizes of^oodsTia as ^ore^a*»anc^to S*vc drafis to such person such certificate or blegto thedu certificates, so required by the several adis by which such duty is ties of excise, respectively laid upon such wares or merchandizes, in -such man-and grant pro- ner as the collectors of excise are now by law required and in»-categ€rti^" powered to do.

XXXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the like provisions which are made by law to prevent the clandestine landing of tea, and foreign spirituous liquorj, from vessels hovering upon the coafi of Great Britain, Should be extended to coffee, and such goods as are liable to forfeiture upon being imported into this kingdom; be it therefore Vessels not ex- enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth deeding 50 day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, where arriving1* from any or ve^e* whatsoever coming or arriving from foreign foreign ]parts, parts, and having on board twenty pounds weight of coffee, or found hover- any goods whatsoever which are liable to forfeiture by any act of ing on the parliament now in force, upon being imported into Great Bri-o?b of cofffe ta*nshall be found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of or other goods 3ny ports of this kingdom, or within two leagues of the

on board lia- shore, or shall be discovered to have been within the limits of ble to for- any port, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather future, permitting, unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, of which necessity and distress the master, purser, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such w ship or vessel, shall give notice to, gnd make proof of, before the collector or 01 her chief officer of the customs of such port as aforesaid, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel may be seized; into the said port; all such goods, together with the chests, and the vef- boxes, casks, and other package whatsoever, containing the fe.s and goods same goods, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, are con icat- Aether bulk foall then have been broken or not; and the Chip '9or vessel, on board which such goods shall be so found, with all

her tackle, furniture and apparel, shall also be forfeited and lost: provided such ship or vessel doth not exceed the burthen of fifty tons; and the same shall and maybe seized, prosecuted, condemn-

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43; 423

ed, and disposed of, in the same manner as other forfeited goods

and ships or vessels not exceeding fifty tons burthen, are directed to be seized, prosecuted, condemned, and disposed of, by an act and are to be

made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti- a#

tuled. An act for the further improvement of his Majestfs revenue

of customs; and for the encouragement of officers making seizures;

and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods from any part of his Majesty's dominions.

XXXIX. And in order to prevent any collusive agreements between the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise making seizures, and the owners or other persons concerned in the importing or landing any goods liable to forfeiture; it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth °Jficcpl day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, if aqy rcizarl^mir-officer of the customs or excise, or other person authorized tofuaht to this make seizures, shall seize any goods as forfeited by this act; or ad, or ad any tea, foreign brandy, arrack, rum, strong waters, or spirits, g Geo. on as forfeited, by an act made in the ninth year rf the reign of Jg, his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, Anafl forftize and pro-indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws fecutetheship. made for securing the revenues of customs and excise, and for enforcing those laws for the future; on board any ship or vessel what- or majee soever, and shall not seize and prosecute the ship or vessel on seizures on board which such goods shall have been brought, found, or shore, and not ieized; or if any such officer or officers shall seize any goods, an<* pro-wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, which shall have been un- ^Se and shipped, landed, removed, or carried, contrary to law, and carriage, &c. shall not also seize and prosecute the boat, vessel, cart, horse, or employed m other cattle or carriage, made use of in the removing, carrying, running the or conveying of such goods; and shall not discover to the com- 3^4^ missioners of his Majesty's customs or excise, the persons con- persons cerned in unshipping, or receiving such goods, so that they concerned may be prosecuted for the penalties incurred by law for such therein; offences; such officer and officers shall, in each and every such ^f^histead* case, in lieu and instead of the moiety or share which he or they of^moiety* is or are now intitled to by law upon the condemnation of such but one third goods, be intitled to no more than one third part of the net pro- of the produce arising by the sale of such goods; and the remaining two ?uc5l % aij<ing thirds shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succes- rest^go fors j any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstand- to the crown

ing.

XL. And whereas great frauds have been carried on by the makers and proprietors of salt, in collusion with the officers appointed for the duties on salt; which frauds have been greatly prejudicial, not only to the revenue, but to the fair trader; and whereas provision has not hitherto been made for subjecting such of the said officers as are guilty of these evil practices to any penalty, other than the penalty ox the bond given by them for the faithful discharge of their trust, which penalty is not sufficient to prevent such frauds; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one

44

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43- C*765-

thousand seven hundred and sixty five, if any officer for thedu — Office for the t*es on ff*3^ deliver, or cauCe or suffer to be delivered, or be (ak duties bet contenting or privy to the delivering, removing, or conveying* ii^ guilty of British white ndt, refined salt, rock salt, or bit rock, from any any baud or salt work, crib, store-house, or other place, made use of for coUufou in making, refining, or keeping, of any loch salt, or from any thehpffice, salt pit or pits, or to the landing any foreign salt out of any ship*or vessel, importing the same from parts beyond the seas, before the lame be fairly, duly, and truly, entered and charged in the hook or books enjoined to be kept for that purpose, whereby the maker, refiner, or owner of such British white fak, refined salt, rock salt, or fall rock, or the merchant or importer of fads foreign salt, shall become chargeable with and liable to the fatt, r payment of the duties due and payable thereon to his Majesty,

pp^LauTths b*5* aQd successors j such officer or officers, for the duties penakjsof fal, so offending as aforesaid, thall, in every such case* for-

the bond* feh and lose, over and above the penalty of the bond he enter-

e*them ed into, either by himself or furetits, for the due performance va" of the tmft reposed in him* double the value of such fak* and salt, and also aMo ton killings psr bu£hel, and after that rate for any greater losperbufhel. or lesser quantity*

XLL. And whereas in all cases where salt is shipped on board boats* barges, or other vessels, in order to be carried down rivers or coastwise for the purposes of the fiftiety, or to be re-shipped for exportation, erotherwise* great care (bodd betaken for the preventing frauds that may be committed by clandestinely landing part of the said salt in such voyage: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July one tfioufand seven hundred and fiocty five, all eries, Ac, not such salt, which shall be landed without the presence of an officer &ut?n pre!^or thejdutiespn salt, shall be forfeited and lost, and also ten (hil-fence o? an lings per bushel, to be recovered of the owner of such boat,

officer, on barge* or other vessel; and al] vessels, boats, barges, trows, oir feature a lighters* out of which any such salt shall be taken or put on shore, ios"rcbushel, together with their tackle and apparel, frail also be forfeited withtbevelfel. and loft; and every person that shall take any such salt out of andol. by any such ship or vessel of any kind, or carry the same on shore pvtry person or convey the same from the shore when landed, or be aiding or aflifiing the rein, shall forfeit the film. of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XLII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, it shall and may be lawful to and for the officer and officers of the said duties on salt* at every place where he or they shall meet with any person. or person* carrying or <x>nveying salt by day or by night* by land or by water, to demand a fight of the permit or certificate which' was granted' by the cpUedor or officer for the duties on salt* or some or one of them, for the carrying or conveying the said salt; and if, upon producing such permit or certificate, the said officer or officers faall have reason to believe* or shall fuJp©ftrthafc there is more

salt

Salt (kipped for the nfh-

conceraed (therefo.

Where person s shall be found carrying salt, officer may demand a fight of the per-

wh

1y65.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 425

kit than is expressed in such permit or certificate, that then, and re weigh and in every inch case, the said officer or officers shall and may, at his own expence, re-weigh the said quantity of salt; and if excels the the kit, on the re-weighing the same, shall be found to be more quantity for in weight than what is contained in the said permit or certificate which the per-that then the surplusege that shall exceed the quantity contained* in the said permit or certificate shall be forfeited and lost, and fheVurpliw the person or persons concerned in so carrying or conveying the salt is forfeit-fame, shall also (Severally be liable to the lame penalties and for- ed, and the feitures as any person or persons is or are liable to by this and*

any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties on salt 2^2* for removing, conveying, or carrying, any salt or r<?ck salt from any salt work or salt works, pit or pits, place or places, thereunto belonging, without due entry of the same, or payment of the duties, or giving security for such duties, or without war- rant, ticket, or licence, for conveying, carrying, or removing the same.

XLIII. And whereas it is necessary that the penalty infiifted by an act made in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne^ upon persons obstructing the officers, for the said duties, in the execution of their offices, or of the powers given by the said act or any law relating to the said duties then in force, Should be extended to persons guilty of the like offences against this or any other act relating to the said duties; be it further enacted.

That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any officer per^>nj ob or officers, for the said duties, in the execution of his or their struft?ng°&c. offices, or of the powers given them by this act, or any other officers in the law relating to the said duties, or shall beat or abuse the said offi- execution of cers, or any of them, in the execution of his or their offices j.he'r.<iutY> such person and persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit andtor CI 10'lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XLIV. And be it declared and enacted by the authority afore- where salt said. That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand or fish shall seven hundred and sixty five, if any salt, as well British as so- be seized for reign rock salt, or salt refined front rock salt, or red herrings or non-payment white herrings, or any other fort of fish, be seizedfor nonpay- 0 utie8> c# ment of duties, or my other cause of forfeiture, by any of the laws relating to the duties on salt or fish now in force, and any and any^dispute shall arise whether the said salt or herrings, or other kind pute shall arise of fish, had been duly entered, and the duties for the same du- thereupon, ly paid, or secured to be paid; or that such salt or herrings, os other kind of fish, had been legally condemned; or that the (alt had been duly entered and locked up for the fishery, according to law; or that the quantity of salt used in the curing of fish as set forth in the carer's account, was truly used, then, and in t^ Omupro-such cases, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or clahner of bandi is to lie such salt or herrings, or the curer of fish, and not on the officer on the owner, who shall frizeor stop such (alt, herrings, or other kind of fish; anything in this or any other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

426

Where salt or fish is made liable to forfeiture the package carriages and cattle employed therein, are forfeited also How all fines

Jienalties, and orfeitures, for Which no other provision is made, are to be sued for, recover-fed, or raiti-gated.

and applied.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1765.

That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in all cases whatsoever where salt or fish of any kind shall be liable to Seizure, by virtue of this or any former act of parliament, that the bags. Sacks, calks, or other package, and also the carriages, horSes, and other cattle, made use of in carrying and conveying the same, be also forfeited and lost; and that it be lawful for the officers of the salt duties, and the officers of the customs, to seize the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, infii&ed by this act, and for which no other directions are before particularly given, shall be sued for* recovered, levied, or mitigated, in manner following; that is to say, for all offences committed against any of the provisions herein before contained, with respect to the duties under the management of the commissioners of the customs, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws relating to the said duties 5 and for all offences committed against any of the provisions herein before contained, with respect to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, br forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise; and for all offences committed against any of the provisions herein before contained, with respect to the said duties on (alt, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws relating to such duties; or that all or any of the said respective fines, penalties, and forfeitures, may be sued for and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that in all cases where it is not otherwise directed by this act, one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any other act of parliament relating to his Majesty's revenues of customs, excise, or salt duties, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give the said act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to he had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of such ad: and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAPt

4*7

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 44.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repealing the act made in the loft session of parliament, intituled An act for vesting the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said fort and its dependencies, as all other the British forts and settlements upon the coast of Africa, lying between the port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the property, eft ate and effects of the company of merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said forts, settlements, and their dependencies, in his Majesty, and for securing, extending, and improving the trade to Africa.

WHEREAS by two acts of parliament, the one made in the twenty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George Preamble, re-the Second, intituled An act for extending and improving the trade to Africa; and the other made in the twenty fifth year of the Geo. s. reign of hit said late Majesty, intituled An act for the application of a lum of money therein mentioned, granted to his Majesty, for making compensation and satisfaction to the royal African company of England, for their charter, lands, forts, castles,

(laves, military stores, and all other their effects whatsoever* and to vest the land, forts, castles, (laves, and military stores, and all other their effects, in the company of merchants trading to Africa; and for other purposes in the act mentioned; all and every the British forts, landt, castlet, settlementt, and fastories, on the coast of Africa, beginning at port Sallee, and extending from thence to the Cape of Good Hope inclusive, which had been granted to the royal African company of England, by their charter bearing date the twenty seventh day of September, in the twenty fourth year of the reign of King Charles the Second; or which had been after that time erected or purchased by the said company; and all other the regions, countries, dominions, territories, continents, coasts, ports % bays, rivers, and places, lying and being within the aforesaid limits, and the islands near adjoining to those coasts, and comprehended within the limits described by the said charter, and which at the time of pajf-ing the said last mentioned act were, or at any time theretofore bad b$en, in the possession of, or claimed by, the said royal African company 5 together with the cannon and other military stores, canoemen, castle slaves, at and belonging to the said forts, castles, settlements, andfastories, particularly mentioned and Jetforth in the first schedule to the said last mentioned act annexed; and also all contra fts and agreements made by orfor or on the behalf of the said royal African company, with any of the kings, princes, or natives, of any of the countries or places of the said coasts 5 and all other the property, estate, and effects whatsoever, of the said royal African company (except; as in the said last mentioned act is excepted) were fully and absolutely vested 6 in

4*8 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 44. [1765.

in the corporation called and known by the name of The company merchants trading to Africa, and their successors, to the intent and purpose that the said forts, settlements* and premisses, y&wA/ be employed at all times thereafter only for the protection* encouragement and defence of the said trade: and whereas by another act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An a<$l for vesting the fort of Senegal> and its dependencies, in the company of mer-and act Geo. chants trading to Africa \ the fort of Senegal, and its dependencies, 3* were also vejled in the said company of merchants, to be employed in

the same manner, and under the same regulations, and subject to the same provisions, /A/ other forts and settlements on the coast of

Africa were vejled in the said tompany* and subject to, by virtue of the before mertlioned act made in the twenty third year of his late Majesty's reign: and forasmuch as the good purposes proposed by the several before-recited acts of fecaring, improving, and extending, for the benefit of all his Majesty's subjects, the trade to and from Africa might be mote effectually and compkatly provided for, if the said fort of Senegal and its dependencies, together with such other of the British forts and settlements upoti the coast of Africa as lie to the northward of the cape commonly called Cape Rouge, were vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament artem-N bled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act made Repeal of the in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for vest'tng the act of Geo. y fat of Senegal, and its dependencies, in the company of merchants except as to tra^nS to Africa, shall, except so much thereof as authortees the the annual committee of the company of merchants trading to Africa, to deduction of ddduct annually out of the monies they shall receive, a further 400l. by the not exceeding four hundred pounds, for the purposes in

th^African^mentioned, from and after the twenty fourth day of

company. Jttne* one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be, and it is hereby repealed.

African com-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pany diverted from and after the said twenty fourth day of June* the said of all the forts, company of merchants trading to Africa shall be, and they are and aftories hereby absolutely diverted of all and every the forts, lands* caf-on the Afri-ties, settlements, and factories on the coast of Africa, beginning can coast, at the port of Sallee in South Barbary, and extending from thence from the to Qape Rouge irtelusive, and all other the regions, countries, toCape CC d°rtlini()ns> territories, continents, coasts, ports, bays, rivers, RougeJ&c. and places, lying and being within the aforesaid limits, and the irtands near adjoining to those coasts, and comprehended within the said limits, and all other the property, estate and effects whatsoever, which by virtue of the said acts severally made in the twenty third and twenty fifth years of the reign of his late Majesty, or either of them, are now vested in the mid company of merchants trading to Africa 5 and that from and after the said twenty fourth day of Juntl as w$ll the said fort of Senegal an<fc

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 44. 429

its dependencies, as all other the forts, lands, castles, settlements, and the same and factories, on the coast of Africa, beginning at the port another the*1 Sallee in South Barbary, and extending from thence to Cape Rouge property and inclusive; and all other the property, estate, and effects what- effects the speyer, possessed by the said company of merchants within the 5?PanJr R°*" limits aforesaid, or claimed by them in respect to such their pof- said^r^ sessions within the said limits, be, and theyafe hereby, fully and mits/are^eft-absolutely vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors. cd in the

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, crown.

That all the powers, privileges, and authorities whatsoever, |^voc3tion granted to the said company of merchants by either of the said and privileges acts made in the twenty third and twenty fifth years of his late granted to* Majesty's reign, so far as the same concern any of the territories, the African forts, settlements, or other the premisses lying within the limits company \ aforesaid, and hereby verted in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall from and after the said twenty fourth day of June ceafeand determine.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-

foresaid, That the trade to and from Africa mail continue tree, and the trade and open to all his Majesty's subjects; and that it shall be law- to Africa de-ful for all his Majesty's subjects, without preference or distine-1?^ tien, to trade and traffic to and from any of the ports or places \

hereby verted in his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, without any restraint whatsoever, other than and except the due obfer-

vance of all such orders or regulations as shall, by and under

the authority of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, be efta-

blished for the immediate defence of the forts, settlements, aftd

TFastories, hereby vested in them, or for the better government

of his Majesty's subjects residing or coming within the limits a-

foresaid; and that the forts, warehouses, and buildings, hereby.

vested in his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall continue

be free and open to all his Majesty's subjects, in the same manner warehouses,

and for the same purposes, as they have hitherto been under the &c. hereby

authority of the said former acts. vested in the

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatcrown*

That it shall not be lawful for any of the officers or servants, employed by the committee of the said company on the coast of officers or Africa, to export negroes from Africa upon their own account; servants not and that if any such officer or servant shall be found to be di- to export ne-reftly or indirectly interested in such exportation of negroes from

Africa, he shall be dismissed from the service of the said commit- on penalty <£ tee. dismissioiu

VI. And whereas, by the said act made in the twenty third year of his late Majesty's reign, it is enacted, That the committee of the said company of merchants shall give an account upon oath, of all the money received by them, and of the application thereof, but no provision is thereby made with respect to the accounts to be given by their officers and servants of the dispofalor application of the goods and stores purchased, from time to time, by the said committee, and by them lent to the

coast

43°

Committee* officers and servants to transmit an attested account once a year of the application and disposal of the stores consigned to them within the preceding year.

on penalty of suspension of their salary.

His Majesty im powered to grant an ex-cluHve right for a i years, to Geo. Glas, of trading to port Regeala,

& C.

subject however to redemption, by.a parliamentary compensation.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4$4 [1763.

coast of Africa, to be there used and applied as by the said act is directed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer or other person, employed by the said committee on the coast of Africa^ to whom any part of such goods or stores so purchased, and sent out as aforesaid, shall be consigned and delivered, shall be required to transmit to the (kid committee, once at lead in every year, an account of the disposal and application of all such goods and stores within the preceding year; having first made oath to the truth of such account, before such person as shall be authorized by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to administer the same; and that no such officer or other person as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be discharged, in respect of any such goods and stores consigned or delivered to him as aforesaid, in any other manner than by an account given, upon oath, of the disposal and application thereof; and if any such officer or other person shall neglect to transmit to the said committee such account as is hereby required, the said committee are hereby required and enjoined forthwith to suspend him from the enjoyment of his salary; and in case, upon enquiry, they shall find such neglect to have been wilful, they are hereby required and enjoined to dismiss him from their service.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to make unto George Glasy and his associates or assigns, a grant, by letters patent under the ejeat seal, for any term not exceeding twenty one years, of the Tole right and privilege of carrying on trade and traffick to a certain port alledged to be discovered by him on the coast of Africa, called Regeala or Gueder, situate in South Barbary, between Sallee and Cape Blanco, and also to such district of land adjoining thereto, as he shall have procured to be ceded, together with the said port, to his Majesty, upon such terms, conditions, and reservations, to be inserted in the said grant, as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors respectively, shall judge expedient j subject, however, to be redeemed at anytime upon the payment of such compensationas the parliament shall think proper; any thing in the before recited adfc of the twenty third year of his late Majesty's reign, or in this present act, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith* (landing.

CAP. XLV.

An act for more effectually securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's American dominions, for repealing the inland duty on coffee, imposed by an act made in the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported (except coffee of the growth of the British dominions in America^ for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon

sugars

43i

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45.

sugars exported, for repealing part of an act made in the twenty third year of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron made in the said dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried coastwise \ and for regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in the said dominions.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the improving and securing the trade and commerce of the British colonies and plantations in America is highly beneficial^ not only to the said colonies and plantations but to Great Britain: and whereas it may on this account be proper to encourage the importation of deals, planks, boards and timber, from the said colonies and plantations, whereby his Majesty's royal navy, as well as ships employed in the merchants service, may be furnished with such materials at more reasonable rates than at present; and great sums of money at present expended among foreign nations, for the purchase of such materials, may be saved: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred sfnd sixty six, every person or persons who shall, within the time appointed by this act, import, Bountjes or cause to be imported, into this kingdom, directly from any granted on the of his Majesty's dominions in North America, in any ship or importation of ships that may lawfully trade thither, manned as by law is re- d*aI»* plank*, quired, any good, found and merchantable deals, planks, boards aJ from and timber, of the following dimensions, shall have and enjoy North Ame-as a reward or premium for such importation, the following ricaj fumsj that is to say.

For every hundred, containing fix score of such deals, planks, and boards, not less than ten feet long, ten inches broad, and the prem]um# one inch and one quarter of an inch thick, so imported, from on t{, c several the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty (becies and fix, to the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred aimenfions of and sixty nine, the sum of twenty shillings; and in the like such S00* proportion for any greater length, and for any greater thickness, not exceeding four inches.

For every load, containing fifty cubic feet of such squared timber of all kinds, not less than ten inches fauare, so imported, from the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, to the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the sum of twelve shillings.

For every hundred of such deals, planks and boards as above described, fifteen shillings; and for every load of such timber, eight shillings; which shall be so imported, from and after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty

nine.

43*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. [1765.

nine* to the first, day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy two.

And for every hundred of such deals, planks and boards, ten, shillings; and for every load of such timber, five shillings; which shall be imported, from and after the said first day or January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy two, to the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

The bounty To be paid, upon demand, to the importer of such deals, to be paid by planks, boards and timber, by the collector of the port where the collector, the same shall be imported, out of the customs, or any duties payable upon wood imported: and in case the collector of the generaloftbe Port where the same shall be imported, shall not have money customs sufficient in his hands, he is hereby required to certify the same

to the commissioners of the customs, who shall cause the same to be paid by the receiver general of his Majesty's customs; the bounty for the said goods imported into England, to be paid by the receiver general of the customs in England; and for such as shall be imported into Scotland, to be paid by the receiver general there.

II. And in order to intitle the importer of such goods to the premium granted by this act, and to prevent frauds by importing foreign deals, planks, boards and timber; be it further en-A certificate acted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or being first pro- persons, importing any such deals, planks, boards and timber, duced, attest. mt0 Great Britain, shall produce to the chief officer or officers of fuc^gw)d«otkc customs, at the port of importation, a certificate or cer-being of the tificates, under the hand and seal of the governor, lieutenant growth and governor, collector of his Majesty's customs, and naval officer, produce of the or aily two Of them, redding and being within any of his Ma-said colonies 5 jesty*s dominions in North America, that, before the departure of such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, the person or persons, merchant, trader or factor, loading the same, had made oath before them, that the said goods so shipped on board (expressing in the said certificate the number, quantity and species, of each fortrespectively) were truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of his Majesty's said dominions; which oath the said governor, lieutenant governor and collector of his Majesty's customs, and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby autho-and oath also r; xe(j^administer; as likewise, upon oath to be made, in any the°w)rt o/ at Port Great Britain, by the master or matters of such ship or arrival of vessel, ships or vessels, importing such goods, that the same

their being were truly laden on board such (nip or vessel, ships or vefiets,

°u within some of his Majesty's dominions in North America; and America.0ltn t^iat or know or believe, that the said goods were the produce of the said dominions.

Officer, before III.' And, that the officers of the customs may be the better granting a able to discover any frauds intended for receiving the aforesak) Srt^Catfor P^miums; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That may exarame* ^all an<*7 b lawful for the said officers, and they are hereby required, before they njak>e out any such certificate, to

examine

433

Anfltt quinto Georgii III. fc. 4$.

examine the said goods by (hifting the same, or by such other means as they shall think proper, to find out and discover, whether the same are good, found and merchantable.

IV. Provided always, That in case any doubt or dispute shall Where therrf

arise between the said Purveyors or officers of the customs, and 1^ any

the owners or importers of such of the aforesaid goods as are the U quality* imported into the port of London, as to the quality or condition condition of of the same, it shall and may be lawful for the of of the goods, his Majesty's customs, if they shall think proper, to call two or merchants more merchants, or others w^ll (killed in the commodity, who shall declare, upon oath, if required, their opinion, as to the their opinions quality and condition of the same: and according to the best of upon oath* < their judgement, determine whether the said goods are entitled

to the premiums hereby granted, or not: and if any doubt or dispute shall arise, as to the quality or condition of any of the aforesaid goods imported into any of the outports in England % proper and true descriptions of the quality and condition thereof, attested by two merchants, or others well (killed in the commodity, at the port or place where the same shall be imported; which attestation shall be upon oath, before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, who is or are hereby authorized to administer the same; shall be sent to the commissioners of the customs jfi London; and if imported into the outports in Scotland', to the commissioners of the customs at Edinburgh, in such manner as the respective of shall direct, in order that, upon consideration thereof by the respective of at London or Edinburgh respectively, it may be determined whether the same are intitled to the premiums hereby granted, or not.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officer to take That no fee, gratuity or reward shall be demanded, taken or no fee for received by any officer of his Majesty's customs, for examining, am*ning the viewing or delivering such goods, with respect to the premium f^nting1^ or reward allowed by this act, or for the signing any of the cer- certificate, tificates, in order to the receiving such premium or reward, or

for paying the same; and any such officer demanding or taking on penalty of such fee or reward shall, for such offence, forfeit his office, and disability* be for ever after incapable of executing any office of employment under his Majesty, his heirs and successor9.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^he*aid<l That if any such deals, boards, planks or timber of the growth exportl-of the British dominions in North America, shall, after the tien of the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, goods

be exported from Great Britain, that then, and in every such case, the person or persons so exporting the same shall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the collector of the customs at the port where the same shall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum which is by this act allowed as a premium on all such goods respectively as he intends to export*

VII. Provided always, That the said collector or chief officer an(j cojw of the customs, upon receiving of such premium from the ex- lector to

Vol. XXVI.

Ff

porter charge fiim-

434 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. [1765.

self therewith Porter of goods as aforesaid, shall and do charge himfetf accordingly 5 with the money so received; and the of of his Ma-and*to be jetty's customs are to take particular care that the same be dul?, brought to brought to the account of his Majesty by such collector or chie: account. officer as aforesaid.

If the goods

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, shall bffnui- That if any person or persons, their agents or assigns, shall be dulently ex- found fraudulently to export such goods, without paying such ported with- premium to the collector or chief officer of the customs in man-theF remiura^ ner as aforesaid> such person or persons shall forfeit and lose all they^are liable such goods and double the value thereof; one moiety whereof to forfeiture shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and and double the other moiety to such officer of the customs as shall seize or value. sue for the same. to prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts

of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

In case of

IX. Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute shall arise, doubt, with whether any of the goods, or any part thereof, so to be export-respectto the e(^ arc Of t^c growth or product of his Majesty's dominions product ofn North America, or of foreign growth or product, the Omtu such goods Probandi shall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on Onus Probandi the prosecutor; any law, custom or usage, to the contrary not-to lie on the ^ithstanding. I

owner. X. ^n(j; t further ena<cjcj the authority aforesaid,

cl^deXinely T^at^ma^er or owner of any ship or veflTd shall clandef-importing, 't, nety import or receive in such ship or vessel, to be imported into &c. like*Great Britain, any deals, boards, planks or timber, knowing goods of so- the same to be foreign growth or product, and shall demand or anf demand-'ece*ve for any such foreign deals, boards, planks or timber, the ing the pre-reward or premium hereby granted, such matter or owner shall mfum, w for- forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and the ship or vessel in feiture of the which such foreign deals, boards, planks or timber, shall befo vessel, and fraudulently imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel and 100*furniture, shall be also forfeited $ and the same shall and may be

seized, sued for, prosecuted and divided, as herein before mentioned.

Recital of XI, And whereas by an act of parliament made in the thirty ft-cla^Vm toni year tf the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

3* Geo. s. intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a subsidy of pound-

age upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and an additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate; and for raising the sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said subsidy and additional inland duty; it was enacted and declared, That from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, there Should be charged, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all coffee to be sold in Great Britain, by wholesale or retail, an additional inland duty, to be paid by the respective fellers of such coffee 5 (that is to say) for and upon all toffee

u

435

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45;

/<? be sold in Great Britain, an additional duty of one shilling per pound weight avoirdupois; and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, over and above the then present inland duty, and over and above all customs and duties then payable upon the importation thereof: and whereas it may tend to encourage the growth of coffee in the British dominions in America, and the importation thereof into this kingdom, if the said additional duty granted by the fend last recited act was discont'wued5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day ot July> one thou- te^July sand seven hundred and sixtyfive, the said additional duty of 1765, the ad-one shilling per pound weight avoirdupois, for and upon all cof- ditional infee to be sold in Great Britain, granted by the said last recitedland duty of aft, shall cease, and be no longer paid or payable: and that in 1all

lieu thereof, from and after the said fifth day of Jufy9 one thou- coffee fold sand seven hundred and sixty five, there shall be charged, levied, in Great Bri-, collected and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs tain, by the and successors, for and upon all coffee, not being of the growth j^ease 1*

and product of the British plantations in America, to be sold in and 6d. per lb. Great Britain by wholesale or retail, an additional inland duty, to be paid in to be paid by the fellers of such coffee; (that is to say) for andlie11 ll?crcf* upon all coffee, not being of the growth and product of the^of the British plantations in America, to be sold in Great Britain, an growth of the additional inland duty of six pence per pound weight avoirdu- British plan-pois; and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, over tations in A-and above the inland duty of two shillings per pound paid on anTabove^he coffee, granted by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of duties payable his majesty King George the First, intituled An act for repeal- by act 10 ing certain duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee, tea9 cocoa G*0*nuts, chocolate, and cocoa paste imported j and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made> and cocoa paste; and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea and cocoa nuts imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Camwath, and over and above all customs and duties payable upon the importation thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The said duty That the said additional inland duty hereby granted to his Ma- toberaised, jesty, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, in the same duty, manner, and under such management, and under such penalties,

and forfeitures, and with such power for recovering the same, and by such rules, ways and methods as the former inland duties payable to his Majesty upon coffee areraised, levied, collectedand paid, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act, and shall be paid into the exchequer in like manner, and appropriated to the same uses to which the said duty of one shilling per pound weight was made applicable.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Theadditi-That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be con- 0nal duty of strued to extend, to take off the additional duty of one shilling per lb. laid per pouod upon coffee granted by the said recited act of the thir- "ciled

*2 Geo. a.

4g6 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45.

[1765',

i* not to be7 second -year of the reign of his late majesty King the

taken of such Second, with respect to such coffee which now is, or shall on

&c.

Act9 & 10 Will. 3.

coffee,s is or or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and shall be lodg- sixty five, be lodged or secured in any warehouse or warehouses King's ware-a Pur^uance of the directions of any former act or acts of par-hou&s before lament in that behalf made; nor shall the said additional duty 5 July 1765, hereby granted be charged upon such coffee so lodged or secured in any nich warehouse or warehouses.

XIV. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the ninth and tenth year of the reign of King William the Thirty intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a further subsidy of tonnage and poundage, towards raising the yearly sum of seven hundred thousand pounds, for the service of his Majesty's houftiold, and other uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty*3 life; and by several subsequent acts of parliament which are now in force, frueral bounties or drdwbacksy amounting in the whole to twelve shillings per hundred weighty are allowed upon the exportation of sugar refined in this kingdom: now to prevent any frauds that may be pra&iled to the great prejudice of the revenue of the customs by the exportation of sugars not completely refined, and sugars unde from feum, and other trash and refuse of sugar houses, under the denomination of refined sugar, in order to obtain the bounties or drawbacks herein before-mentioned; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the several bounties or drawbacks allowed by the said acts upon refined sugars, shall cease, determine and be no longer paid; and in lieu and instead thereof, a bounty of fourteen shillings and six pence per hundred weight shall be allowed and paid upon refined sugar exported from Great Britain in the loaf compleat and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform whiteness throughout,

Drawbacks granted by former acts -on exportation of refined sugars, to cease; and 14s. 6d. per Cwt. on loaf sugar properly refined and dri-

ed, 'to be paid

since it was 1

ia lieu thereof, dried in the stove, according to the present practice of refining;

any law, custoip or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Lump sugars,

XV. Provided nevertheless, That if any of the said refined duly refined,sugars, being either in small or great loaves, commonly called j_nt|djd to like Lumps, shall have gone through the operation of three clays, at drawback.^since thCy were last in the pan> ancj ^jj^net, and shall have been thoroughly dried in the stove in the manner herein before directed, though such loaves be exported without the small ends or tips, they shall be esteemed compleat and whole within the true intent and meaning of this act, and the exporter of the lame shall receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 5?- That from and after the said first day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in lieu of all bounties and drawbacks which may have been allowed or paid, heretofore, on all ground sugar, refined sugar called Bastards, and Ground Sugary and on refined*d c*»dy, fUgar Candy, there shall be allowed and paid on the ex-

por-

fbrmcr drawbacks on bastards.

1

and which hath gone through the operation of two or more clays last in the pan, and hath been properly and thoroughly

7^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45; 437

portation from Great Britain of all refined sugar called Bajiard, ? drawback and of all ground or powdered refined sugar, and of all refined J? allowed of loaf sugar broke in pieces (the said sugar having been twice clay- In'aftC such ed and properly dried in the stove) and on all candy properly 'shall be refined and manufactured, and free from dirt and scum, a boun- duly refined, ty or drawback of six shillings and four pence per hundred weight, and no more; which said several bounties or drawbacks of fourteen shillings and six pence, and six shillings and four pence, herein before granted, shall be paid and allowed out of any of the duties on which the former drawbacks or bounties on refined sugars were payable.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- sUffarf frau. foresaid, That if the proper officers of the customs shall, upon dulently en-view and examination, either before or after shipping, find any tered for ex-sugar or candy which shall be entered for exportation, in order portation, m to obtain the bounties or drawbacks thereon, to be less in quan- th^lSmi. tity than expressed in the exporter's indorsement, or entered un- ty,

der a wrong denomination; or if such sugars shall not be respectively refined in the manner before directed; or if such mavbeseized, candy shall not be properly refined and manufactured, and free ^rc for* from dirt and scum, all such sugar or candy shall be forfeited, Cl c*and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and prosecuted according to law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Before the de-That before any drawback or bounty is paid for any of the fu- benture is gars or candy herein before mentioned, or any debenture made out, re-out for the same, the refiner or refiners, not being the exporter or exporters of such sugar or candy, shall make oath before the °aje Of such collector or other proper officer of the customs, that ha or they sugars to the fold such sugars or candy, expressing the quantity, and the time exporter, when, to the person or persons intending to export the same; and °\the.and that such sugars have respectively gone through the opera- q^litytythere. tiens herein before expressed, and have been properly and of, thoroughly dried in the (loves, or that such candy has been properly refined and manufactured according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and, as he or they verily believe, such ducccT from sugar or candy was produced from Muscovade (ugar imported Muscovado from his Majesty's plantations in America; and that the several sugar of the duties payable thereon were duly paid at the time of importing the same; and the exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy, the duties shall then make oath that such sugars or candy, being the sugars paid., or candy for which such bounty or drawback is then claimed, Exporter also are the identical sugars or candy, or part thereof, which were {^demlt* sold to him as aforesaid by such refiner or refiners; and before of fochVugars^ the money due upon such debenture or debentures shall be paid, and of the due such exporter or exporters shall also make oath that the said fu- exportation gars or candy have been duly exported, his Majesty's searcher al- hereof, lo certifying the shipping thereof, and all other requisites dulyRcfiiKr be; n performed according to the book of rates j and whenever the exporter* refiner or refiners of such sugar or candy shall be the exporter to make like or exporters thereof, he or they shall then make oath, as well oath.

F f 3 of

438 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. [1765.

of the due exportation of the same, as of the several particulars herein before directed to be sworn to by him or them (excepting what relates to the sale of the said sugars or candy) according to the true intent and meaning of this act. a f.«

XIX. And whereas by an act made in the last session of par-

4. Geo. 1. foment, intituled An act for granting for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any part of America to the southward of the said provinces, subject to the like duty as is now paid, on the exportation of rice, from the said colonies to places in Europejituate to the southward of Cape Finisterre, which was to be in force for five years, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament, liberty is granted to any of his Majesty's subjects in any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's colonies in America, or belonging to any of his Majestysfub* jests, and navigated according to Taw, that shall clear outwards in any port of the said provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, to ship or load rice in the said provinces, and to carry the same directly to any part of America southward of South Carolina or Georgia, without carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's plantations in America, or to Great Britain; under certain limitations, restrictions, and penalties, therein contained 5 and whereas the granting the like liberty to export rice, in the same manner, from his Majesty's colony of North Carolina, to any place in America southward of South Carolina or Georgia, may be of great benefit to the said colony of North Carolina; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Liberty given fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, it f° CXSi0Irt»?CC anc* may ke during the continuance of the said re-

Carolina, in c*te<* a<^> ^or any Majesty, s subjects, in any ship or vessel

the same man* built in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's colonies in America, or ner as rice belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, and navigated accord-may be ex-; ng to iaw# that shall clear outwards in any part of the said pro-the recited.Cr Yincc North Carolina, to ship or load rice in the said province, aft, from % and to carry the same directly to any parts of America southward South Caroli- of South Carolina and Georgia, without carrying the same to any na and other of his Majesty's plantations in America, or to Great Bri- Georgia. under the like entries, securities, restrictions, regulations,

limitations, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are particularly directed, appointed, limited, or enacted, with respect to rice carried from South Carolina and Georgia, to any part of America to the southward of South Carolina or Georgia, in the said in part recited act of the last session of parliament, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties pay- That all duties which shall arise in respect of rice lb carried from ible upon the North Carolina, and the duties which, from and after the said

fifth

175.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45.

439

fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, exportation shall arish in respect of rice carried from South Carolina and °£ rice from Georgia> in pursuance of the said last recited a d, be paid into b£° °" the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and there reserved, to be, paid into the from time to time, disposed of by parliament towards further exchequer, defraying the necessary expences of defending, proteding, and trr* securing, the British colonies and plantations in America. JJJ*'

XXI. And whereas, by several laws now in force, rice of the foment. growth or produce of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America is, upon importation into, and being landed in Great Britain, subject and liable to various duties, all which (except

the half of the old fubfidv) 'are drawn back upon exportation: and whereas such rice is frequently imported into the ports of Plymouth, Exeter) Poole^ Southampton, ChicheJlcT) Sandwich) and Glasgow, and the members thereunto belonging, for no other purpose but to be directly exported into foreign parts; and the obliging the importers to pay down the full duties in such cases, bath laid them under difficulties, and may be prejudicial to the trade of this kingdom; to remedy which for the future, and in order to give all fitting encouragement to this trade, be it en- Where yefleli acted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June) one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, where from the gri-any ship or vessel shall arrive at any of the ports or places before- tish planta-mentioned, from any of the British plantations in America, with tiens, in rice of the growth and production of such British plantation, ^mc^ctb*cat and the importer of such rice shall give notice to the collector a"ove ports, and comptroller of the respedhe ports or places before-mentioned, wherein such ships shall arrive, of his intention to export and the whole the whole cargo of such rice immediately, in the same ship, to cargo is to be foreign parts, and the matter of such ship shall so report his cargo accordingly; that then, and in such case, it shall and may [heTmpoiter be lawful for the importer to pay down, in ready money, one may pay half of the old subsidy, granted by the ad ot tonnage and down but one poundage, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and no more; which shall not afterwards be 0 u 1

drawn back or repaid on exportation of the same goods; and the importer of such rice shall and may give bond, with one and give bond or more sufficient securities, to his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- for e rc_ ceflors, in double value of the rice lo imported, for the pay- ^onfuch" ment of the remaining duties within sixty days from the date of as shall be such bond, for all such rice as shall be landed out of any ship landed, so entered and reported; which bond shall and may be vacated and discharged upon payment of the said remaining duties within the time before limited and appointed, or upon the said rice being duly rcshipped and exported; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by an act made in the last fertion of par- clause in ad liament, intituled An act for granting certain duties in the British Geo. 3. colonies and plantations in Arperica; for continuing, amending, and

making perpetual, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his fate majesty King George the Second (intituled An act for the better

F f 4 securing

440

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. [r7^5«

securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America;,) for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to qrife by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expends of defending, protecting, and securing, the said colonies and plantations; for explaining an act made in the twenty fifth year of the feign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaflland trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade); and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade between the same and Great Britain; it is, amongst other things enacted, that from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no iron, nor any sort of wood, commonly called Lumber, as specified in an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of King George the First, intitul-JL& 8 Geo. 1. ed, An act for giving further encouragement for the importation of navalfores, and for other purposes therein mentioned, of the growth, production, or manufacture, of any British colony or plantation in America, shall be there laden on board any ship or vessel to be carried from thence, until sufficient bond shall be given, with one surety besides the master of the vessel, to the collector or e-ther principal officer of the customs at the loading port, in a penalty of double the value of the goods, with condition, that the said goods shall not be landed in any part of Europe, except Great Britain, and to bring certificates in discharge thereof within the respective times, and in the manner directed by the said act: and whereas it may be expedient to extend the importation of such iron to Ireland, and also to extend the importation of such wood, commonly called Lumber, to Ireland, and to the Madeiras and the western islands called the Azores, and any part of Europe to the southward of Cape Finisterre; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day or July one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, any iron, being the production or manufacture of any British colony or plantation in America, shall and may be there laden on board any ship or vessel to be carried from thence to Ireland, and also that any wood commonly called Lumber, as specified in the said act of the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty p^SritiSi A- King George the First, of the growth or production of any Bri-mcrican iron tish colony or plantation in America, shall and may, in like man-extended to ner, be there laden on board any ship or vessel to be carried Ireland; ^rom t^ience to kftland, or to the Madeiras, or the western isles her to Ire- Ga*c^)e Azores, or to any part of Europe to the southward of land, the Ma- Cape Finisterre, upon sufficient bond being given in the penalty deiras, Azo- and in the manner directed by the said act made in the last fel-r?f» or to any fion of parliament, with condition, that the said goods shall be rope south of ^erc ^anc*ec^ accordingly, and not in any other part of Europe, Cape Fi- except Great Britain; and that certificates under the hands and nifterre, upon seals of the collector or other principal officer of the customs re-fiving bond, fident at the port or place where such goods shall be landed in freland, testifying (he landing thereof, shall be produced to the

441

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45.

collector or other principal officer where bond shall have been given, within eighteen months from the date of such bond; and that for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, and landed at, the Madeirar, or the western ides called The Azores, or any part of Europe to the southward of Cape Finisterre, the like certificate shall be produced within the same time to the officers before mentioned, under the common seal of the chief magistrate, or under the hand and seal of the British consul, or hands and seals of two known British merchants redding where such goods shall be landed; and upon the producing of such certificate or proof upon oath being made by two credible persons, that the said goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the leas, the said bond shall be discharged; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas by an act made in the twenty third year aaufc in act of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intitul- Geo. a. ed, An act to encourage the importation of pig and bar iron from his Majesty's colonies in America, and to prevent the erection of any mill, or other engine, for flitting or rolling of iron, or any plateing forge to work with a tilt hammer, or any furnace for making steel in any of the said colonies; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That no bar iron made in his Majesty's colonies in America, which Should be imported from thence into the port of London free of duty, as by the said recited act was permitted, Should be after- am| in ag 3# wards exported or carried coastwise to be landed at any other Geo. a. port or place of Great Britain, except for the use of his Majesty's dock yards, under the penalties and forfeitures in the said recited act mentioned: and whereas by another act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to extend the liberty granted by an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, of importing bar iron from his Majesty's colonies in America into the port of London, to the rest of the ports of Great Britain, and for repealing certain clauses in the said act; such bar iron may now be imported from the said British colonies in America into all the ports in Great Britain free of duty; and it will be to the advantage of the said colonies, as well as to the trade of this kingdom* Repeal of if such bar iron was allowed to be exported from Great Britain, ^cited* act of or carried coastwise therein; be it therefore enacted by the au- Gco a thority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June, one prohibiting thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the said clause in the be- the exporta-fore recited act of the twenty third year of his late Majesty, pro-iona°*, [on* hibiting the exportation of such bar iron, or carrying the same the^ame11^ coastwise in Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby de- coastwise. dared to be, repealed.

XXIV. And whereas the matters of several ships or vessels (ailing from the British American colonies or plantations, have cleared out from thence in ballast, without taking any goods on board there, purposely to evade giving bond, as directed by the before recited act made in the last (eflion of parliament, with Condition, that in case any molasses or syrups, being the produce

Vessels failing from the Bii-tith American plantationi are to give bond, whether any goods shall be laded on board, or not;

on penalty of being forfeited.

Boats or small vessels without decks, carrying gooas of the product or manufacture of the said colonies, not liable to duties, nor prohibited to be exported, are not obliged to take out a cocket.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. [1765.

duce of any of the plantations not under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall be laden on board such ship or vessel, the same shall (the danger of the Teas and enemies excepted) be brought, without fraud or wilful diminution, by the said ship or vessel, to some of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or to some port in Great Britain; and the said act 'may, by such practices, be rendered ineffectual to answer the purposes thereby intended; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the said bond, with the condition in the said recited act mentioned, dial I be given for every ship or vessel that shall set fail from any British colony or plantation in America, whether any goods shall be there laden on board any such ship or vessel, or not; and if any ship or vessel, not having taken any goods on board as aforesaid, shall set fail, or proceed from any British colony or plantation in America, before such bond shall be given, such ship or vessel, with her furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the manner directed by the said recited act of parliament; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas in and by the said recited act made in the last session of parliament, it is, amongst other things ea*r acted, That a sufferance and cocket shall be taken from the officers of the customs for all goods, wares, and merchandizes, of any kind whatsoever, which shall be laden on board any ship or vessel in any British colony or plantation in America, to be carried from thence to any other colony or plantation, as in the said act is expressed: and whereas the requiring such sufferances and cockets for goods of the growth or produce of the said colonies, which are not liable to any duty by any act of parliament made in Great Britain, nor prohibited to be carried from the said colonies, may lay ah unnecessary restraint upon the trade and correspondence of his Majesty's American subjects, when such goods are carried merely for the use and sustenance of the said colonies, in boats or small vessels without decks which do not go to open sea; for the ease therefore of his Majesty's American subjects in this particular, be it enacted, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the said recited act shall not extend, nor be construed to extend, to require any person to take out any sufferance or cocket for any goods of the growth, product, or manufacture, of the British colonies or plantations in America, which are not, by any act of parliament made in Great Britain liable to any duty either upon the importation into, or the exportation from, the said colonies or plantations, nor are prohibited to be exported from thence, which shall be laden in any boat, flat, shallop, or other vessel without a deck, not exceeding twenty tons burthen, and shall be carried within any river, lake, or other inland waters, within the said colonies or plantations, and shall not be

carried

443

*7^5'] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 45. carried out to sea farther than one league from the shore; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And whereas by the said last recited act, made in the last session of parliament, one moiety of all seizures which shall be made at sea by the commanders or officers of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, duly authorized to make seizures, and of the penalties and forfeitures recovered thereon, in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, first deducting the charges of prosecutions from the gross produce thereof, is to be paid to Klta or them who shall seize, inform, or sue for the lame; subject to such distribution as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by any order or orders of council, or by proclamation or proclamations, to be made for that purpose, as in and by the said recited act may more fully appear: now to obviate any doubts that have arisen, or may arise, concerning the construltion of the words seizures

made at sea; it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au- Construction thority aforesaid, That the said words, seizures made at sea, in of the words the said recited act of parliament, shall extend, and be coa^ Stixurts made strued to extend, to all seizures made by the commanders or* officers of his Majesty's ships or vessels ot war, duly authorized r* for that purpose, any where at sea, or in or upon any river,and which shall not be actually made on shore within any British colony or plantation in America.

XXVII. And, in order to prevent any disputes concerning what fees the officers of his Majesty's customs in the British colonies or plantations in America may be intitled to, for making«entries, or other business done by them in the execution of their respclt to employments; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fees payable That until such time as the same shall be otherwise settled by to the officers authority of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for all and every colleKor, and other officer of his Majesty's customs, in In i^e BritiS*

any British colony or plantation in Americas appointed by any American

deputation or commission from the of of his Ma- plantations,

jesty's customs in England, to demand and receive such fees as they and their predecessors were intitled to demand and receive, Wlfc faded by

on and before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand parliaments

seven hundred and sixty four; provided the fees so taken are

pot contrary to the express direction of any act of parliament

made in Great Britain; and in all and every port or place in

any British island in the West Indies, where no fees have been.

received as afojresaid by any officer of the customs, such officer

shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be intitled to the same fees as

have been received as aforesaid by the like officers, in the near-

eft port in the said island, before the said twenty ninth day of

September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and if

no fees have been received as aforesaid by any officer in any

port in the said island, such officer shall, from and after the said

fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be intitled to such fees as have been received by the like officers in

the

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4$.

[1 76$.

the island of Barbadoes % before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and in all and every port or place on the continent of America, within his Majesty's dominions, where no fees have been received as aforesaid by any officer of the customs, such officers shall, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty five, be intitled to the fartie fees as have been received as aforesaid by the like officers, in the neafeft port in the said colony or plantation, on or before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four j and if fio fees have been received as aforesaid by any officer in any port in such colony or plantation, such officers shall, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be intitled to such fees as have been received by the like officers in the nearest port within any British colony or plantation on or before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and if no fees have been received by any comptroller of his Majesty's customs for any port or place within any colony or plantation, or if the fees received by such comptroller before the said twenty ninth day of STtJTbem S*Ptember> one thousand seven hundred and sixty tour, have not one third as teen equal to one third part of the fees received as aforesaid by much as the the collector of his Majesty's customs within the same port or collector of place; it shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, onc the customs. thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in every such case, be lawful for such comptroller of his Majesty's customs, to demand and receive for his tees, for any entry or other business done by him in the execution of his employment, from any merchant or other person, a sum equal to one third part of the fees received as aforesaid by such collector for the like business; and every such officer shall have anch be entitled to the same remedy for recovery of such fees, as is or has been heretofore allowed to any Remedy for Colle<Sfcor or other officer; any law, bye-law, or other act of af-thefidd'ifes! fembty made in the said plantations, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any collector, comptroller, or other officer of his Majesty's customs in America, appointed as aforesaid, shall exact, require, or receive, any other or greater fees than such as are herein before allowed to be taken, he shall, for the first Penalty of ex- offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; one moiety of which acting greater penalty ft^i to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons aggrieved thereby, who shall sue for the same in the proper court in such colony or plantation; and for the second offence, he shall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or cm- ployment in the customs.

and on the continent.

445

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for altering \the ft amp duties upon admfftons into corporations or companies, and for further securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain.

WHEREAS great frauds arc committed in the several duties of one shilling respectively imposed (among other duties) on admissions into corporations and companies, by an act of parliament made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of A & 5 and 6 their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, Will, and Ma-> An act for granting to their Majesties several duties upon vellum, parchment, and papery for four years, towards carrying on the war against France; and by another act of parliament made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty King and9 and 10 William the Third, intituled An 08 for granting to his Majesty, Will. 3. his heirs, and successors, further duties upon stampt vellum, parch-ment, and paper \ owing to the said duties being charged on the admissions, and not on the entries, minutes, or memorandums, made of such admissions in the court books, rolls, or records, of such corporations or companies: your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do therefore beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, From and af-by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and* 5 July* temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, tie»5uponad"- and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the several duties upon admissions into corporations and companies, granted by the said acts, shall cease and determine. m to cease

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That t^c fQ|* from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven lowing duties hundred and sixty five, in lieu thereof, the duty herein after t.ake mentioned, be charged, imposed, and paid, throughout the^cutbcreof» the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Ber-wick upon Tweed; that is to say.

For and upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment* Upon entry i« and for every sheet or piece of paper, upon which mall be in- the court grofled, written, or printed, in the court book, roll, or record book, of every of any corporation or company, any entry, minute, or memo- j?*1dmif-randum, of any admission into any corporation or company, bon* % $* the sum of two millings.

And if any town clerk, or other proper officer, shall neglect or Officer neg-refuse to make such entry, or minute, or memorandum, of such leftingor re-admission, upon the proper duty, in the court book, or on the month to^roll or record of any such corporation or company, within one mafce such month after any person shall be admitted into same, he shall, entry, forfeits for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

III. And whaler it ha$ been a common practice to make one

policy

corporations, recited a^s.

446 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. [1765.

From and af- policy of assurance on ships, cargoes, or both serve for several ter $ July* and distinct purposes, to the great diminution of his Majesty's the property* rcvcnuc»to prevent which for the future, be it farther enabled of more than by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of one person, July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, if the proper-arc. m a ship, ties of more than one person in any ship, cargo, or both, or of boS^allbe more a Parhcular number of persons in general partnership affuredforup-or of more than one body politick or corporate, to a greater wards of tool, amount in the whole than the sum of one hundred pounds in in the same any ship, cargo, or both, be afliired on the same policy, such the^licy is P°*icy shall be void, and the premium paid thereon shall remain votJfana the the property of the assurer; and that if any risque or adventure premium re- distinct from the risque or adventure mentioned in the original po-mains to the ficy, and upon which any further premium shall be given, shall b*(brer 5 be by any writing or declaration not duly damped, added to the manner, in^original policy, such additional assurance shall be void, and

case of any ad- the premiumpaid thereon shall remain the property of the assurer. ditional assurance not duly stampt.

Any number

IV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to af-maybeaffuredsure, or cause to be assured, the properties of any number of °?*P°*icy» persons whatsoever, in any ship, cargo, or both, by one policy s each*1*stampcd with five damps of five millings each; any thing 5* herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The former V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, allowance of That the allowance after the rate of six pounds in the hundred 61. percent, pounds per annum for six months, directed to be made by several paymentPof a*s Pafbament passed in the fird, ninth, tenth, and twelfth the duties, to years of the reign of Queen Anne^ and in the twelfth year of the ccafe; reign of King George the Fird, and in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, to every person who shall at one time bring to be damped, or buy of the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, paper or parchment, the duties whereof shall amount to ten pounds and upwards, after the rate of six pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for six months, upon the present payment of the said duties, shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, cease and determine, and from and

VI. And hereby further declared and enacted by the ao-after 5 July, thority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July* 1765, 4l. persone thousand seven hundred and sixty five, instead and in cent, cmly to lieu Of such allowance, there shall be allowed and paid in Great ME"1 to every person who shall at any one time bring to be

stamped, or buy of the said of, parchment or paper, the duties whereof shall in the whole amount to ten pounds or upwards, after the rate of four pounds in the one hundred pounds, ptr annum for six months, upon the present payment of the said duties, at the head office for marking or damping of vellum, parchment, and paper.

Act 10 Anne.

VII. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for laying several duties upon all soap and paper made in Great Britain

6

447

1765.] Anno quinto GEORGII III. c9 46.

Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and flriped linens imported; and upon certain Jilts, callicoes, // andftuffis9 printed9 painted9 or stained; upon several kinds offlampedveb*

lum, parchment, paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamph-

lets, dm/ advertisements; /ir raising the sum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of lottery towards her Majesty's supply \ and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs 5 and/or charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better securing her Majesty's duties to arise in the office for the stamp duties by licences for marriages and otherwise 5 and for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock (part of the capital of the South sea company) for the use of the publick; a stamp duty of two shillings and three pence, among other duties, is laid on every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heetor piece of paper, upon which Should be ingrossed or written any surrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or tenement, within those parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; or any grant or lease by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor within the same parts of Great Britain, or any of them other than and except the original surrender to the use of a will and the court roll or book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or inrolled $ and whereas great frauds have been committed in the said duty by stewards and others receiving the same, together with their own fees, without ever making out co^Thold °* or delivering the said copies j for preventing the same for the court*, at the future, be it further declared and enacted by the authority afore- time of tak-said. That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thou- Jng the few sand seven hundred and sixty five, if any steward or other officer tanwiu1 of any copyhold court shall demand, take, or receive, from any ^Tts^rleaf-person whatsoever, any fee or fees for any such surrender, ad- e$, &c. are to mittance, grant, or lease, or any other copy of any court roll, demand the without at the same time demanding and receiving the stamp du- ^"Seliw ty due thereon, and delivering such surrender or admittance, fwcjj furrcil. grant or lease, or copy to the person entitled thereto 5 then, and ders, &c. in every such case, every such steward or other officer shall, for on penalty of every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds., o1,

VIII. And whereas by the said act of the tenth of Queen clause in aft Anne, and also by an act of parliament made in the thirti- 10 Annse. eth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties Upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertisements, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying^ from a certain time, the /urns of money arising from the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and for raising the sum of three millions, by annuities, to be charged on the said rates f duties and sums of money \ and for making perpetual an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors;

and

No damps to be delivered out for pamphlets or

Card makers to fend paper to the stamp office, in order to have a sufficient number of aces of spades marked.

one of which is to be i each i

448 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46.

end for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrails of clerks and apprentices > the printers and publishers only, and not the proprietors, of news papers, and other papers and pamphlets, are made subject and liable to the duties imposed on advertisements, whereby great Losses happen to the revenue; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, neither the of of the stamp duties, news papers, nor any °cer to be appointed by them for distributing stamped till security be vellum, parchment or paper, shall fell or deliver any stamped given for the paper for printing any pamphlet, or any publick news, intelli-duties for the gence or occurences, to be contained in any one (heer, or any mentsto bee^cr Piece Paper» the person applying for the same shall printed there- first give security to his Majesty for the payment of the duties for on., the advertisements which shall be printed therein or thereupon.

IX. And whereas great frauds and abuses are committed in the duties imposed, by several acts of parliament, on playing cards in Great Britain; for preventing whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, every maker of playing cards in Great Britain, shall send to the commissioners for the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, or to their officers, a sufficient quantity of paper, in order to have as many several aces of spades marked or imprefied thereon as such maker shall desire; and that no pack of play-be put in ing cards made for play in Great Britain, or for exportation, shall Pack» be used in play, or exported, without one of such aces of spades

and a new marked or imprefied, as herein after is mentioned and directed;

damp is to be an(j that the said of for the stamp duties shall, in-Sirpofcr thC ftea<* of the present mark or (lamp imprefied on the ace of spades cause a new (lamp, mark, or plate, to be prepared, with such with a distin- ^ev*cc as they ^a^ think proper, to denote the said ace of ipades guiffiing mark as welln every pack of cards made for use or play in Great Bri-between cards tain, as in every pack of cards made for exportation, so as that for home, and in such device there shall be some distinguishing mark between card* for so- cards for home, and cards for foreign consumption; and that (bmpdon'i the of shall, from time to time, renew, alter, or add to, such device as they shall think proper, and they are X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, also to (end to That every maker of cards shall, from and after the said fifth the office day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, fend rs or to the said of of the (lamps, or their officers, jews or wrappers made for inclosing cards for use or play in Great Britain, with his name, and any other particular word or thing printed thereon, as the said of shalldiredh in order that the same may be stamped, and delivered again, from time to time, to such maker, as occasion shall require; and that from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the said of of the stamp duties shall 2 and

wrappei inclosing the cards, with their names &c. printed thereon.

which are to be stampt with one of

1765.] Anno qtiinto Georgii III. €*4<F. 449

and may denote One of the fix penny duties charged on playingPSMn>\ cards in Great Britain on such jew or Wrapper. on card

XI. And be it further declared and enacted by the authority Anri separate aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of Jx/y, one accounts are thousand seven hundred and sixty five, separate and distinct ac- to bekept counts shall be kept by the proper officer of the stamp duties

with every card maker of the carcW made by him fdr use or play cards made in Great Britain, and of those made for exportation 5 the charges for home, and in which said several accounts shall be made out against him0ft, 10fefor from the number of aces of spades, lavels, and jews or wrappers, delivered; and every such card maker shall, once in every twenty1, ^1, are to eight days, attend at the (lamp office, or on the distributor of be settled one* stamps next adjacent to the place where he shall make cards, and a month, adjust, settle, and sign the same; and in case any difference shall arise in settling such accounts, then such card maker shall im- mediately, or within one week after, if he carries on his trade within ten miles of London; and, if at a greater distance, thenan<j arty dif*. within twenty days, apply to the said commissioness of the said f^rencearifing duties to settle the same, whose determination shall be final; thereupon, is and if any such card maker shall neglect or refuse to apply as aforesaid, then such accounts, whether signed or not by him, doners, shall be deemed conclusive, and be admitted in evidence against him.

XII. And be it funher enacted by the authority aforesaid, Where cards That in case any pack of playing cards, or part of any pack of shall be spoiled playing cards, shall be damaged, defaced, or spoiled, in making inthcmakinS* the same, so as to be rendered unfit for play; then, on oath

made thereof by the maker (which oath the said of of the stamp duties, or any three of them, are hereby impowered to administer) such maker shall be allowed by such coramif- the commissioners another ace of spades, instead of the ace so damaged, doners are to defaced, or spoiled, with any such pack, or part of any such a^fT°cittr pack, of playing cards, on producing and delivering to the said rf^th* of such damaged, defaced, or spoiled ace. ed one.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Maker mak-That if any maker of cards shall use, in the making up any ing up any pack of cards, any ace of spades, jew, or wrapper, that has been acc.°i

used before; then every such card maker shall, for every such before*foi^it9offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds. 101,

XIV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and the feller

if any person shall, from and after the passing of this act, fell or buyer of or buy any such ace of spades, jew, or wrapper, in order to be acc

made use of in, about, or for the inclosing, any pack or parcel inordw of cards j every person so offending shall, for every such offence, to be so made forfeit the sum of twenty pounds. ule of, forfeits

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority alf°°k aforesaid, That if either the buyer or feller of any such ace of ty informing* spades, jew, or wrapper, shall inform against the other party shallbcadnyu concerned in buying or selling such ace of spades, jew, or wrap- ted to give per the party (o informing mall be admitted to give evidence evidence,

Vql. XXVI. G g against

450 Anno quinto Georgii III. [1765.

*aa t* indem* against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified a-wfied. gainst the penalties fa by him or her incurred.

Penalty on

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fraudulently That if any person whatsoever shall re-land, or cause or procure card* for^ex. to bc rc"^an{*c^» any parcel of cards* after the same shall be en-portation,tcr€<^ anc* flapped for exportation in any port or place, other than the port tar place to which such cards are consigned, every such is so ! person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum ertf fifty pounds.

aid any of

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority fOTr^rT shall a^orc^a^> That if any person concerned in the re-landing of fee admfttedto exportation cards, shall inform against any other party

give evidence, concerned, the person so informing shall be admitted to gave c-and be indem- vidence against the party informed against, and shall be indem-mfied. nified against the penalties so by him or her incurred.

Clause in aft

XVIII. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the a Anne. ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne9 intituled An act for the laying certain duties up$k candles \ and certain rates upon monies to be given with clerks and apprentices, towards raising her Majesty's supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and ten, the duty, rate, or sum of six pence, for every twenty shillings of every sum of fifty ppuads or under; and the duty, rate, or sum or one shilling, for every twenty shillings of all and every sum and sums amounting to more than fifty pounds, which Should be given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to, every clerk, apprentice, or servant, which Should be, within the kingdom of Great Britain, put or placed 16 or with any master or mistress, to learn any profession* track, or employment, and proportionally for greater or lesser sums, was charged and imposed on the said matters or mistresses rc-spectivtly: and whereas great ingonveniencies arise in colfafting the said duties, for want of proper entries being made and kept by the chamberlain and other proper officers of cities and corporate towns, and companies, of the names of the master or rfnstress, and clerk, apprentice, or servant; the place of abode of such master or mirtrefis; the date of the indenture, covenant, articles, or contract; the sum of money given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, and the profession, trade, or employment, which such clerk, apprentice, or servant, is to learn: for remedying whereof, be it further enacted and declared by the authority a-Where the foresaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July one

freedom of thousand seven hundred and sixty five, every chamberlain and

wrawnyTi other proper officer of every city and corporate town, and cona-obtainedby pany, within the kingdom of Great Britain, where any dark or servitude, the apprentice, or servant, obtains his freedom by Servitude, shall chamberlain, fairly write and enter in same book or books to be kept for that Mr office^?* t^ie names of all inch clerks, apprentices, add (servants,

' to enter the* as shall be put or placed out within the jurisdiction of such city names of all or town corporate, and also the names and places of abode of person* pat the mailers or mistresses, and the sums of money given, paid,

apprentices contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to^ such clerks.

i^-

1765.] Anno quinto GbgrgII III. C. 4$; 491

Apprentices, or Currants, and the profeflwn, trade, or employ- or servants, tnent, which they are respectively to learn; and the dates the indentures, covenants, articles, or contracts, by which "bode of the such clerks, apprentices, or (eryams, are respectively put and matters, the placed out; and if any chamberlain or other proper officer shall apprentice regledtor refuse to make any such entry, in man her as above fee'

set forth, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the Cum of inJ twenty pounds. tures, &c.

XIX. And be it further declared and enacted by the autho- on forfeiture

rity aforesaid, That aH printed ihdehtures, covenants, articles, °*J°Jv f

or contracts, for binding clerks or apprentices In Great Britain, fowin_ notiet

after the said fifth day of July One thousand seven hundred and to be printed

forty five, shall have the following notice or memorandum under all

printed under the same; videlicet, printed in-

dentures* eft

THE indenture, covenant, article, er contra^, mujfl bear date The Aodct.

the day it is executed; and what money or other thing is given or contracted for with the clerk or apprentice, must be inftried in words at length; and the duty paid to the stamp office, if in London, vr within the weekly bills of mortality, within one month after the execution^ and if in the country, and out of the said Mils of mortality, within two months, to a distributor of the stamps, or his substitute; otherooife the indenture will be void, the master or mfirefs forfeit fifty pounds, and another penalty, and the apprentice be disabled to folhw his trade, or be made free.

A

And if any printer, (lationer, or other person or persons, shall fell, or cause to be sold, any such indenture, covenant, article, or contra A, without such notice or memorandum being printed under the same; then, and in every ftfch case, such prints, stationer, or other person or persons, shall, for every such of- on forfeiture fence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds. of 10l.

XX. And whereas by an Act of parliament made in the clause in act twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George9Gco. the Second, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for establishing a method for granting such licences in Scotland; and for allowing such licences io be granted at a petty session in England, in a certain case therein mentioned; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That from and after the feast of Easter, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, there Should be, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to his said then Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for the purposes therein mentioned, a duty of twenty shillings for every piece of vellum, or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which Should be engrossed, written, or printed, any licence for felling ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, over and above all other duties chargeable thereupon: and whereas several provisions are therein and thereby made, for the duly raising, lcvying, collecting, and paying, the same duty: 'and whereas it is round, by experience, that the faH rrnvisions are not sufficient

G g 2 for

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. [1765.

for that purpose, in that part of Great Britain called England* the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that, by divers frauds and other ill pra&joes, the crown has been, from time to time, defrauded of a great part of the said duty, and it is rendered difficult to convict the offenders: for remedy whereof, and for the further and better securing the raising, levying, collecting, and paying, of the said duty for the future, and for preventing such frauds and ill practices, and for rendering the conviction of the offenders more easy in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales and town Retailers of Of Berwick upon Tweed, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, other excise- That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand able liquors^ seven hundred and sixty five, every victualler, or alehouse to exhibit, on keeper, and every person felling ale, or beer, or other exciseable demand, their liquors, by retail; and every person permitting or suffering any offiw ap-thC or5ccr> or other exciseable liquors, to be sold by retail,

pointed by thein his, her, or their house, outhouse, or yard, garden, orchard, of or other place, in that part of Great Britain called England* the for stamps, dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed* do asd shall, on demand to him or her made by any officer appointed by the commissioners for the time being to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, produo and shew to such officer or officers, so demanding the same, his or her licence to sell ale, or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by and to permit retail; and shall permit such officer, at his own expence, to take him^neof* an<* ^ave a coPy on demand: and in case any such vk-

copy erect; tuajjcrj or a]chouse keeper, or other person felling ale, or beer, or other exciseable liquors by retail, or other person or persons lo permitting or suffering any ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, to be sold by retail in his, her, or their house, or outhouse, yard, garden, orchard, or other place as aforesaid; (hqll refuse or ne-gleet so to do, then every such victualler, or alehouse keeper, or person felling ale, or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail; or so permitting or suffering any ale, beer, or other exrife-able liquors, to be sold by retail in his, her, or their house, or on forfeiture outhouse, yard, garden, orchard, or other place as aforesaid, of 40s. shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

Clerks of the

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, peace, town That for the better detecting of such frauds and ilL practices, and clerks, and preventing the same for the future, every clerk of the peace of

deTks°or or ^or county, riding, or division, in each county in that

their deputies, Part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wain, are to deliver, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy, or person aChng upon demand, as such.an(j every clerk of the peace, or town clerk, or com-of the ft amp mon cier^ or person acting as such, of or for every city, town, duties, lifts of anc* liberty, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the the several dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed* whece persons licens- licences to sell ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, are, pur-h^r°o7other ^uant to ^aic* to P*anted by the justices or magistrates exciseable li- or for such city, riding, uivision, town, or liberty, and of the quors, said town of Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy, or person acting

as such, da and flttll, on demand tq him maue by any officer ot

thf

1765.] Anno quinto GEORGII III. c. 46. 453

the stamp duties for that purpose, or within the space of three days next after such demand shall be so made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such officer a true lift of the names and places of abode of all the victuallers, alehouse keepers, and other persons then licensed to sell ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, within every such county, riding, division, city, town, or liberty; and that on the delivery thereof, such officer of the^paying for stamp duties shall pay to such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, such body iq. or person acting as such, or to such town clerk, or common for each Iicenf-clerk, or his deputy, or person acting as such, for the making out* J^onr mjL and writing every such lift, after the rate of one farthing for^10 uc

every licensed person whose name shall be therein inserted; alf which monies so paid shall, from time to time, be allowed to every such officer of the stamp duties in his account; and in case if such lift any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or person acting as frail be re-such, or any such town clerk or common clerk, or his deputy, fuse<l, or de-or person acting as such, shall refuse or negladt so to do by the ^ven iiTim-space of three days next after such demand shall be so made, or persect,

shall not insert in such lift a full, true, and perfect account of the names and places of abode of all the persons the same ought to contain; that then, and in every such case, every person so the offender offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five forfeits 5l. pounds. v

XXII. And whereas by the laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed* persons felling ale or beer, or other excise-a(>le liquors, by retail, without licence, are liable and subject by different laws to different penalties and punishments, which has occasioned much confusion, and an ill and improper use has been made thereof in many instances: for the prevention whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Infteadof the and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and PccuniaiT an<* sixty five, every person lawfully convicted of felling ale or beer, S|Un"

or other exciseable liquors, by retail, after that day, in that part flitted by for-of Great Britain called England* the dominion of Wales, or the mer atti, on town of Berwick upon Tweed* without being duly licensed so to j£tailcr? of do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and undergo the several no

penalties and punishments herein after mentioned and provided ikenied, in that behalf, instead and in lieu of the several pecuniary and corporal punishments which they are now liable or subject to by any law now in force; that is to say, for the first offence the they are to sum of forty shillings, and also the coils and expences of con- C°^citf{.^ortht victing such offender; and in case such sum, together with the, °and costs charges and expences of convicting such offender, shall not be of conviction $ paid within the space of fourteen days next after such convic- and on non-tien, that then the offender shall suffer imprisonment for the payment, are space of one month, unless he or she shall sooner pay fuph pe- ^i^edXr nalty, and the costs, charges, and expences of such conviction, month j and executing the same: and for the second offence, the sum for the second of four pounds, and also the costs and expences of convicting offence 4.1, such offender; and in case such sum, together with the charges^«m-

454 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 4 [1765.

payment, to and expences of convicting such offender the fecand time, shall be committed not^Within the space of one week next after such foeond or two comviction, that then the offender shall suffer imprisonment far the space of two months, unlefe he or she shall sooner pay such penalty of four pounds, and the costs, charges, and expences of such second conviction, and executing the same: and for the third offence, the fun? of six pounds, and also the costs and expences of eonvifting fitch offender; and in case such sum of ffx pounds, together with the charges and expences of convicting such offender the third time, shall not be paid within the space be committed of three days next after such third conviction, that then the of-and3the like*'f8nc^er suffer imprisonment for the space of three months,

penalty and uolefe he or she shall (boner pay such penalty of six pounds, pu ni foment ta and the coffs, charges, and expences or such third convictioa the third, for and executing the same; and the like penalty and punishment every iuhfe- every other offence after the third offence and conviction ^i^cotts are thereof, as for the said third offence; all which feid costs and to be settled expences shall be assessed, settled, and ascertained by the justice by the justices; or justices of the peace before whom such offenders shall rosi>ec-ties m b^a^conv^C(*; any kw* Statute, or cufrorp, to the con-

months;

for the third offence 6 and costs, and, on nonpayment, to

plied* one moiety to the crown, and the other moiety and costs to the prosecutor.

The justices

trary thereof in any wise not with (landing: all which penalties and forfeitures (halt go and be paid, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, and also ah such costs, charges, and expences, to be assessed or asceroained as aforesaid, to the prosecutor or prosecutors of cveiy such offender or offenders.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more juf-are authorized tioe or justices of the peace, fdr the time being, of the county to hear and place where any of the said offences against this act, or the raldo^euccft^krmer foaH be committed, to hear and determine the io a January same offences in a summary way; which said justice and justices way, of the peace are hereby authorized and required, upon any in-

formation exhibited, or complaint made, in that behalf, to or before him or them, to fiunmon the party or parties a ecu fed, and also the witnesses on either side (if they shall be required to summon any such witnesses) and upon the appearance, or contempt of the party or parties accused by not appearing, to proceed to examine and hear the matter in a fumniaFy way; and also to examine such witnessfes on oath as shall be produced therein (which oath such justice and justices respectively is or are hereby impowered to give and administer) and to give his or their judgement thereon; and in case he or they (half conrriS. the party or parties so accused or complained against, of the offence laid to his, her, or their charge, and such party or parties shall refuse or neglect to pay the penalty or Tpenahies for which he, she, or they, Sand convicted, within the time herein before mentioned for that purpose, together with the costs of such conviction or convictions/to be anefled, settled, and ascertained, as aforesaid; that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for every such justice and justices, and he and they,

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 455

and each of them, is add are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their warrant or Warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, for the apprehending and copimit^.ting to prison every such offender, for such time, and in such manner, as the nature of the offence shall require, according to the true intent and meaning of this tA.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, witnesses be* That if any person or persons shall be fumiftoned as a witness fog duly Tumor witnesses to give evidence before any such justice or justices moned, neg-of the peace, touching any of the matters aforesaid, either on the lc^ng or rc-part 01 the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and ^ar (whhout shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for reasonable that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such cause shewn) his, her, or their negkA or refusa), to be allowed of by such

justice or justices of the peace; or, appearing, shall refuse to be or to give evi-examined on oath, and give evidence before such justice or juf- dence, forfeit tices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depend- +°s' ing; that then, every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as are herein before directed as to other penalties.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons ag-fons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by the grieved by the judgement or conviction of any justice or justices of the peace, judgement or for any of the offences aforesaid, and shall give security to the a°just\ce^and satisfaAkm of such justice or jdfticds of the peace for she payment giving fecu-of the penalty, costs, and expences, to be expressed in the war- rity,

rant or warrants of distress on such conviction; that then, and in every such case, after such security given, and not otherwise, m appeal to it shall and may be lawful to and for such offender and offenders the quarter to appeal from and again# such conviction or convictions, to the sessions, justices of the peace afleihbled at the next quarter sessions of the peace to be held for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place, unless such sessions of the peace shall be heid within six days or less next after such conviction or convictions shall be so had or made; and in that case to the justices of the peace to be assembled at the next sessions after such sessions, and who m to not afterwards; and that the justices of the peace assembled at jjear amj j©. such sessions, shall thereupon proceed to hear and determine the termine the matte* of every such appeal, and their judgement thereon shall matter finallys be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever; andiftheyad-and in case the justices of the peace foatsembled at such sessions, judge the ap-shall find and adjudge any such appeal to be frivolous or vex- he

atious, it shall and may be lawful to and for them to give vScat^w or and adjudge to the party or parties grieved by such appeal, his award or their reasonable costs and charges occasioned thereby, not etf- cods, ceeding in the whole the sum of five pounds on any one ap- not exceeding peal.

XXVI. And, in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious ap-Form peals, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a viftiom conviction in the form or to the effect following, Mutatis mn-

G g 4 tandisy

456 A*1110 quinto Georgii III. c. 46. [1765.

tandis* as the case shall happen lo be9 shall to good-and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without Rating thP case, or the fads or evidence in any more particular manned (that is to say)

Middlesex (T. T)E it remembered* That on this

il d'iy of in the year

A.B. of, &c. was duly convicted before me C.D. one of his Afajejifs justices of the peace for the county <?/v Middlesex,r before us C.D. and E. F. two of his Majests justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex (as the case shall happen to be) for felling ale cr beer*or other exciseable liquors (as the case shall happen to be) without being duly licensed fe to da* according to the Statutes in futh case made and provided* tvhereby he, Jhe* or they* has or have forfeited the sum of this being the frf*

second, or third offence (as the case shall happen to be) beftdes the cojls and expetues of this coseviction; which cojls. and expences / the said justice of the peace* or we the said justices of the peace (as the case shall happen to be) do hereby ascertain and assess* at the sum of pursuant to the Jla-

lute in futh case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, or our hands and seals {as the case shall happen to be) the day and year above written.

Where the

justices of the peace in Scotland shall not attend to admit and license retailers of beer, and other exciseable liquors, pursuant to ad 29 Geo. t.

the clerks of the peate, and of the royal boroughs mav tiTue such licences.

XXVII. And whereas the said last mentioned act of parliament, made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, has not been duly carried into execution by the justices of peace, the magistrates of royal boroughs, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* and in other respects hath been found defective and ineffectual, in that part of the united kingdom: for remedy whereof, be it en-acted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in case the justices of peace of any Shire or stewartry, or the magistrates of any royal borough, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ shall in this, or any succeeding year, neglect to assemble upon the days, and at the time and places, mentioned in the aforesaid act, in order to admit and license for the year then next ensuing, such and so many persons as they shall think meet and convenient, to keep ale houses, tippling houses, victualling houses, or to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, within their respective shires, stewartries, and boroughs, according to the directions of the aforesaid act j then, and in that case, it shall be lawful to the clerk of the peace of any such Shire or stewartry, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of any such royal borough, or his lawful deputy respectively, and they are

hereby

457

j.765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46.

hereby required, after making an entry or record, that the justices of peace, or magistrates aforesaid, had neglected to assemble in pursuance of the aforesaid act, to deliverer cause to be delivered, to every person living or residing within such Shire or (lew-artry, or royal borough or liberties thereof respectively, who shall apply for the same, (unless such person shall be disqualified to have a licence by this or any former act) a licence ingossed, written, or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment, or pa- being first per, stamped as by the aforesaid act is directed, with a (lamp duly stampt denoting the payment of the duty of twenty shillings, signed the by the derk of the peace of such Shire or stewartry, or the clerk pt such royal borough, or their lawful deputies respectively 5 for each of which licences there shall be paid and payable the sums and they are mentioned in the aforesaid act, and no more 5 and which licen- t^S5up°thin* ces so signed and delivered by the derk of the peace of any Shire C

or stewartry, or the clerk of any royal borough, or their lawful fees, deputies respectively, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as

S'ood and effectual to the receiver or receivers thereof, as if the a me had been allowed, granted, and signed, in a meeting of the justices of peace of such Shire or stewartry, or of the magistrates of such royal borough; any thing in the aforesaid act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Where it shall in case the justices of the peace of any Shire or stewartry, or the he necessary, magistrates of any royal borough, assembled, upon the days apT the ^pointed by the aforesaid act for executing the powers thereby ^purpofi 'committed to them, shall find it necessary, it shall and may be ofhe (arid lawful for them to continue or adjourn their meeting to the next may lawful day, and no longer; and in case the justices of peace of c0"*

«y Shire or stewartry, or the magistrates of any royal borough,r feting mil nqt upon one or other of these days, compleatly execute to the next the powers committed to them by the aforesaid act, by allowing lawful day§ or refuting the petition or claim of every person within their fe-yeral districts, who shall apply to them for a licence to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquor by retail; then, and in that case, an(j fucjj of it shall be lawful to the clerk of the peace of such Shire or (lew- the business artry, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of such royal bo- ai shall not be rough, or his lawful deputy respectively, and they are hereby tfent^>rat5^ required, after making an entry or record that the said justices Merits of the of peace, or magistrates, had not compleatly executed the pow- peace, &c. are ers committed to them by the aforesaid act, to deliver, or cause to finiflsi to be delivered, to every person who shall have so applied to the justices of peace, or magistrates aforesaid, and upon whose application no deliverance or order shall have been made as aforesaid, a licence duly signed by such clerk as above directed 5 and the which shall be as good and effectual to the receiver thereof, as cences so* if the same had been allowed, granted, and aflkned, in a meet- granted are ing of the said justices or magistrates respectively, any thing in*1 the aforesaid act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, That no clerk of the peace, or of but all such any royal borough, or their deputies, shall grant any licence licences must

under* gramiod

within 3 days after the times appointed for the justices iflaing' the same.

Clerk of the peace, See. refuting to fig* and deliver such licences, forfeit 10L to the party, with full costs of suit.

They are to snake up, annually, lilU of the persons li-cenled within their respective distrilb 3

which are to be kept upon record* and signed by them i

and they are to transmit an attested copy thereof, before 1 Dec. annually, to the collector of the stamp duties at Edinburgh,

on forfeiture of iol.

and if any person shall be wilfully omitted

or wrongfully infected in such lifts, the clerk is.to forfeit 4.0s. for such omission*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. [1765.

under this act, at any other time than within three dm follow* ing the day9 appointed by this, or any former act, for the jnfttccs of peace, or magistrates of royal boroughs, to grant the same.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any clerk of the peace, or of any royal borough, or their deputies, shall, in either of the cases above expressed, refute to sign and deliver such licence to any person applying for the lame as aforesaid, each of them so offending shall forfeit and pay to each and every person to whom, or for whole behoof, such licence ought to hare been delivered as aforesaid, the foot of ten pounds, with full costs of foil, to be (bed for and recovered before the sheriff or stewart court of the Shire or stewartry within which the person so offending shall reside, in manner herein after directed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace of each dure or stewartiy, and the clerk of each royal borough respdtivdv, shall be holden and obliged annually to make up a true and exalt lift, in a book or register to be kept for that purpose of the names, additions, and places of abode, of all persons within their respective dif-trills, to whom licences for retailing ale, beer, or other explicable liquors, shall be delivered in pursuance of this or the aforesaid alt; which lift shall be signed in the book or register afore- so id, by the clerk of the peace of each Shire or stewartry, or ckrt j of each royal borough, or their lawful deputies respectively, and shall be carefully preferred with the other records under their care; and the clerk of the peace of each (hireor stewartry, and the clerk of eachf royal borough, and their deputies respectively, shall be holden and obliged, on or before the first day of £b- combtr in this and every year, to transimt to the cofiedor of the stamp duties at Eiinbwrghy an exalt copy of such lift, taken from the said book or register, duly attested and figvied by such clerk or hie deputy; and in case any clerk of the peace, or of any royal borough aforesaid, or their deputies, dull negied or foil to make up and sign such lift, in a book or register as a- hove directed, or shall negtelt or fail to transaiit an exall copy of such lift, as entered in the said book or register, to the ooi-lector of the stamp duties at Edinburgh, as above required, the person or persons offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; to be sued for and recovered before the sheriff or stewart court of the Shire or stewartry within which the person so offending shall reside, in manner herein after directed; and in case any clerk of the peace, or clerk of any royal borough, or their deputies, shall wilfully omit to in-feet in the aforesaid register, or in the copy thereof to be transmitted as aforesaid, the name of any person who shall be Hcenf-ed to retail ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, within their several distrilts; or shall wilfully insert in such register, or copy thereof to be transmitted as aforesaid, the name of any person as Keenfed, who shall not have been so licensed 3 such clerk shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings for

each

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 459

each person licensed, whose name shall be omitted to be inserted '

in the said register, or copy thereof to be transmitted as aforesaid; and five pounds for each person not licensed, whose name and 5l. for

(halt be inftrted in such register, or copy thereof; to be sued such wrong

for and recovered before the sheriff or stewart court of the Shire in c lon'

or stewartry within which the person so offending shall reside,

in manner herein after directed.

XXXII. And whereas persons may presume to keep ale houses, tippling houses, or victualling houses, or to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, without such licence as is hereby and by the above recited a ct required 5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person in that part of Great Persons in Britain called Scotland, who, after the tenth day of November, tomhad one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall keep an ale JhfrexrifeSe house, tippling house, or victualling house, or shall sell ale, beer, liquor*, byre-or other exciseable liquors, by retail, except in fairs, without tail, not being being licensed thereunto, according to the directions of this and du, T licensed, the for mer act above recited, and shall be thereof convicted in manner herein after-mentioned; every such offender shall for- forfeit, for the feit and pay, for the first offence, the sum' of thirty shillings; first offence, for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the th€

third, or any subsequent offence, the sum of five pounds; and shall, after the said third offence, be incapable of keeping an ^rd, or any ale house, tippling house, or victualling house, or of felting ale subsequent of-beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, or of having any fence, 5l. and licence for such purpose thereafter; all which respective penal- disqualifi-tles and forfeitures, for felling ale, beer, or other exciseable li- c quors, by retail, without licence, shall and may be sued for and recovered before the sheriff or stewart court, or before any two or more justices of the peace of the Shire or stewartry, or the baillie court of any royal borough, within whose jurisdiction respectively the offender or offenders shall reside, by any person who shall inform, and sue, or prosecute, for the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Method of That any person or persons sued or prosecuted for retailing ale, conviction in beer, or other exciseable liquors, without licence, may and shall such cases* be legally convicted thereof on their own confession, or on the

oath of one credible witness, or upon evidence by the flock book, or other accounts kept by the gauger or officer of excise, which he is required to produce, attested by the oath of such gauger or officer, that the person so sued or prosecuted has been charged or (brveyed as a victualler or retailer, and has been charged with the same duties of excise that victuallers and retailers are usually charged with, and pay, for ale, beer, and other exciseable liquors, within the period mentioned in the information or complaint.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That General «it-aH penalties and forfeitures infilled by this act, not otherwise thodofrecol provided for, may be sued for or prosecuted before the respective very, and discourts above appointed, within six months after committing the tnbution of offence, and shall be payable, one moiety thereof to his Majesty,

4^0

tnret in Scotland, where not otherwise provided for.

Limitation atto the time of execution of warrants -for distrest, upon conviction of offenders.

The grounds of such warrants to be preferred on record.

Appeals to be made to the barons of the exchequer at Edinburgh

and are to be lodged with the original proceedings. Appellant to give in his reasons of appeal, and bond to prosecute, &c.

otherwise the judgment to Aand good.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. [1765.

jesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof to any person or persons who shall sue or profecure for the same; and may be recovered and levied either by the usual execution of the law of Scotland, or by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the offender (rendering to him or her the overplus, after the charges of the said distress and sale shall be deducted) by a warrant signed by the judge or magistrate before whom such offender shall be convicted, and which warrant shall contain power to enter houses, and break open doors, in order to make such distress effectual, and may be carried into execution without necessity of any previous intimation of the conviction; any any thing in the aforesaid act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always, That no such warrant for distrds shall be carried into execution, till after the expiration of six days after the conviction of every such offender; and the dcrk or clerks of the respective coups aforesaid, before whom any conviction for any of the offences aforesaid shall proceed, shall, and they are hereby required, carefully to preserve the whole grounds and warrants of every such conviction amongst the other records of such court; and shall not be obliged to return or certify the same to any other court; any thing in the aforesaid act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas the appeal to the quarter sessions allowed by the aforesaid act, has been found inconvenient and improper, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, it shall and may be lawful to any person or persons who shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved, by the sentence or decree of any judge or magistrate convicting him, her, or them, of any of the offences aforesaid described in this act, within three days after the date of such decree or sentence, to appeal to the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh \ which appeal shall either be taken in open court in the presence of the judge or magistrate who shall have pronounced the decree or sentence appealed from, by a writing signed by the appellant or his procurator, or at the office of the clerk of such court, by a writing signed as aforesaid; all which appeals, the clerk of such court shall carefully lodge and preserve along with the proceedings in the original suit; and the person or persons so appealing, shall, within six days after lodging such appeal, give in to the clerk of the said court his reasons of appeal, and a bpnd with a Efficient surety to prosecute the said appeal with effect, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, in case the appeal shall be dismissed, or the sentence or decree appealed from, be affirmed; and which reasons of appeal and bond, shall likewise be lodged and preserved by the said clerk along with the proceedings in the original suit; and in case the person or persons so appealing, shall neglect to give in his reasons of appeal and bond to prosecute the same as above required, the appeal shaft be holden as passed from, and the feqten^e qr decree against

whidi

1765.] Anno quinto Geqjigii HI. c. 46. 461

which the appeal was taken, shall to all intents and purposes be* Where the come final, and be carried into execution according to the di- rcaii>n|, ^]| regions of this a#; and in case the reasons of appeal and bond Jodg-

for prosecuting the same, shall be duly lodged as aforesaid, the ed, &c. the clerk of the court appealed from, shall, and is hereby required clerk of the within fourteen days after the date of such appeal, to transmit £0UI]Eto to the solicitor of the stamp duties at Edinburgh, a full extra# of t^e the whole proceedings in the original suit, and of the decree or original pro-ientence following thereupon, and of the appeal, and reasons of ceedings and appeal, and bond for prosecuting the same, duly signed by him or feHtence to the his lawful deputy, for which he shall be intitled to receive the th^stamp ordinary fees of an extracted decree; and which extra# the so- duties at licitor of the stamp duties shall immediately lodge in the office Edinburgh, of the King's remembrancer in the court of exchequer $ and so ", th fj?c "* soon as such extra# shall be so lodged, it shall and may be law- ^cEoncU ful to either party, appellant or respondent, to apply to the ba- &c. rons of the said court, or any one of them, as well out of term to be lodged as in term time, in order to have a day appointed for hearing j of

and determining such appeal 5 and the said barons, or any oir, J^brance^" them, shall accordingly appoint such day as they shall think &c# 9

proper, of which due notice shall be given by the party whoapplied and the barons for such day, to the other party in the said appeal, ten days at are thereupon lead before the day appointed for hearing and determining such day^cThear-appeal- ingj

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and such ap. the said barons, or any one of them, shall, and he or they is or peal may be are hereby impowered, as well out of term time as in term "eard in or time, to bear and determine such appeal, and to give such judge- 0111 of term# ment thereupon, as to them or him shall seem jult; and to award Full cost* to be full costs of suit, in case the appeal shall be dismissed, or the allowed if the sentence or decree appealed from shall be affirmed; which judge- 19^ment shall be final to all intents and purposes, and subject to no n^ce°af-other review whatsoever; and the said barons, or any one of firmed*them, who shall give such judgement, may and shall grant to be levied by warrant for levying the sum or sums awarded by such judgement, distress and by didrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons against whom such judgement shall be given, and his, her, or their surety or sureties, and for such other execution of the law in the (amc way and manner as the inferior judge or magistrate, before whom the original suit was brought, might have done for levying any of the penalties infli#ed by this a*

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- PubCckofE-t said. That all publick officers in Great Britain, who shall, from cers having it time to time, have in their custody any books, papers, files, re- their custody cords, remembrances, dockets, or proceedings, the fight or which knowledge whereof may tend to the securing any of his Maje- ^ay tend to fty's stamp duties, or to the proof or discovery of any fraud or securethe omission in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall, at any (bmp dories, -feafbnable time or times, permit and suffer any officer and offi- ^ySST cers thereunto authorized by the commissioners for the time be- therein, ing appointed to manage those duties, or (be major part of them, are topermit

to icer ana

462 Anno qainto GEORGII III. c. 46. ^1765.

thorired for to inspeA and view all such books, fifes, (tcordt. remembrance*, llftSrpo<dt0 P^P* 2nd proceedings, and to take thereout such

tofcTnotes notes at^ memorandums as Aich officer or officers shall fee ne-gratis f ceflary for the purposes lift mentioned, without fee or reward; on penalty of upon pain that every such publick officer who shall refuse or 5° «iegle& to permit or differ such view and inspection, shall, for every such refusal and neglect, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds. Stampsfpoiled

XXXIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the

before the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of writingtare July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, it shall be law-executed* Ful for all persons who shall at any time have in their custody or possession any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, written or ingrossed upon, which shall be inadvertently and undesignedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, before the same is executed by any party or parties, and which, in either case, shall not have been used for 2nd which any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any tio^has been monc)S or other consideration, paid or given to the attorney, paid to the solicitor, or other person employed to transall the bufinefe in-attorney or tended to have been carried into execution by such writing or ingrossment, or to the writer or ingrosser thereof, for the duty or duties marked, damped, or impressed thereon, to bring or fend Aich damped paper, vellum, or parchment, unto the said of of the stamp duties at their head office in London or Westminster; and upon oath made to the satisfaction of the said of (which oath the said of, or my three or more of them, are hereby authorized to administer) that such damped vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or ingrossed upon, or spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, hath not been executed by any party or parties, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever; and that no money, or other*consideration, hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, damped, or impressed thereupon save and except the money first paid for such duty or duties to the said of, or the receiver general of the stamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to collect and receive the same) the said of are hereby required to damp and mark, or eause to be damped and marked, for the several persons who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of damped vellum, parchment,

or paper, so written or ingrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use of service, the like, quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the several and

respective duties damped, marked, or impressed on the veHurn, parchment, or paper, so written or ingrossed upon, failed, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any (um of money of other consideration whatsoever.

p

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

counterfeiting That if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or 5 cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, damp,

mark.

may be exchanged for other damps of like value.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 46. 463

mark, plate, or device, which shall be provided, made, or used, oflhc

in purfiince of this act; or shall counterfeit or resemble the im- stan, P*»

pression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, or upon any cards, or ace of spades, or jew, or wrapper, or any

thread or paper inclosin^ any pack or parcel of cards, with an

intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, of any of the said duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or upon cards;

or shall utter, vend, or (ell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, or vending

or any cards, ace of spades, or jew, or wrapper, with such coun- the same,

terfeit feat, stamp, mark, plate, or device thereupon, knowing;

the same to be counterfeit: or if any person whatsoever shall or fraudulent*

privately and fraudulently u(e any seal, stamp, mark, plate, or ly jding the le-

device, provided or used, or to be provided or used, in purfu-

ance of this or any former act or acts of parliament, relating to King of the

the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and duty,

upon cards, so as thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, or

successors, of any duty payable by this or any such former act or acts of parliament; then every such person so offending, and

being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a

felon, and suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of it felony.

clergy.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Distribution That all penalties and forfeitures infiided, imposea, or to in- °fthe 1*!*-cur, by this act, not herein before otherwise disposed of, shall not"

go and be paid, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs otherwise dif-and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or posed of 5 to persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any court of^covered record, with his or their full costs of suit, by action of debt,uUcofri# bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Powers, &c* That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, distribution of pe- g^anred by nalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, pre- ^hSng^o* feribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament stamp duties relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, on on admissions, which any adeniffion into any corporation or company, or policy and policies of of affnrance, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, and not ^ndedTo hereby altered, shall be in full force and effect, with relation to these duties, the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said new duties hereby imposed according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new duties.

XLIII. Provided always and it is hereby enacted by the au- upo* thority aforesaid, That all the money arising by the said duty by entries of ad-this act charged and imposed, upon the entry, minute, or me- million into roorandum, of any admission into any corporationkor company, fcorpoiations shall be issued and applied to such and the same uses as the said or comPaiucH former duties, were made applicable $ s*k1 that, all the money; arising

r

464 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 47. [1765.

and the addi- arising by the additional duty of twenty shillings by this act tional duty of charged and imposed on policies of affilrance, by which the ciet of alEu*-" properties of any number of persons in any ship, cargo, or both, ance, not exceeding in the whole the sum of orte hundred pounds,

to be applied shall be allured; shall be issued and applied to such and the a* the former same ufe8, as the former duties upon policies of assurance are duties. applicable.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any action, suit, or other prosecution, shall be had, brought, or prosecuted, against any person or persons, for or by reason of any ad, matter, or thing, by him, her, or them, done or committed, by virtue or in pursuance of this act; that then, in every such case, the action, suit, or prosecution, shall be laid and prosecuted in the county or city where the fad was Committed, and not elsewhere; and that, in every such action, (bit. General issue. or prosecution, the defendant or defendants may plead the general issue, and give this act, and any other act or acts of parliament, and any other matter or thing, in evidence; and in case there shall be a verdidor verdids therein for the defendant or defendants, or judgement therein shall be given for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, shall become nonsuit, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, ' shall discontinue such action or suit; that then, and in every such case, the defendant and defendants, in every such action, suit, or prosecution, shall re* Treble costs, cover his, her, or their, treble costs,

CAP. XLVII.

An act for encreasing the fund for payment of the sums of money dire sted, by an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, to be applied in augmentation of the salaries of the puisne judges'in the court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of*Exchequer at Westminster, and the justices of Chester, and the great sessions for the counties in Wales, for the time being*and for applying certain sums in augmentation of the salaries of the said judges and justices, and of the judges in the courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain time previous to the commencement of the augmentations established by the said act.

ftsamble, rtr T T WHEREAS by an act wade in the thirty second year of tit china clause reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, m ad \ % Geo. a£ for augmenting foe salaries of the puisne judges in the' court of Kings bench? the judges of the court of Common Pleas,

the barons ojf the coif in the court of Exchequer at Westminster, the judges in the courts of session, and exchequer in Scotland, and j uftjccs of Chester, and the great sessions for the counties in Waler,

it

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 47. 465

it was set forth, That the salaries of the said judges and justices,

were inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices; and therefore in order to establish, in the first place, a proper fund for the augmentation of the salaries of the said judges in the courts at Westminster, and justices of Chester, and the great sessions for the counties in Wales, certain stamp duties were thereby granted\ and appropriated to the payment of the j'several and respective sums of money directed by the said act to be applied in augmentation of the salaries af the said last mentioned judges and justices; and certain sums were directed to be paid yearly out of the duties and revenues therein mentioned, in augmentation of the salaries of the said judges in Scotland: and whereas by an act made in the second year of his presentn<*1 e0, 3* Majestfs reign, intituled An act for better securing the payment '

of the sums of money directed by an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, to be applied in augmentation of the salaries of the puisne judges in the court of King's bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the justices of Chester and the great sessions for the counties in Wales for the time being; it was Jet forth.

That the fund provided by the said act of the thirty second. year of the reign of his late maj ejly King George the Second, for payment of the sums thereby granted in augmentation of the salaries to the said judges and justices in England and Wales, had proved inefficient to make good and answer the same; and therefore certain other stamp duties were, by the said last mentioned act, granted, appropriated, and made one joint fund with the duties arising by virtue of the said former act, for answering and paying, in such manner and proportions as are in the said former act dir efted and appointed with respect'to the duties thereby granted, all such sums of money as Should become due and payable from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, in pursuance of the said former act, to the said judges and justices in England and Wales: and whereas the said joint fund so established and provided for payment of all such sums of money as Should become due and payable front and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, in pursuance of the said act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, to the said judges and justices in 1 England and Wales, hath also proved insufficient to make good and answer the same: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, in order to make the said joint fund effectual to answer the said purposes, do give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand promanj af-seven hundred and sixty five, there shall be throughout England ters July, 1765, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, the following WOL. £XVI. Hh Col- additional stamp duties

466 Anno quinto GeorgjI JIL c. 47. [1765.

to take place; collected, levied, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, on which the matters and things herein after mentioned shall be ingrossed or written at any time or times after the said fifth day of July, over and above the rates and duties charges and sums of money, now due and payable to his Majesty for or in respect of the same, the further rates, duties, charges, and sums of money; that is to say.

On admissions For every piece of vellum or parchment, or {heet or piece erf into the four paper, upon which any adraiflion into the four inns of court shall inm of court, be ingrossed or written, an additional stamp duty of four pounds.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet pr piece of nials of The paper* upon which shall be ingrossed orwritten any regHter, en-degree of try, testimonial, or certificate, of the degree of utter barrister utter barriiter taken in any of the said four inns of court, an additional (lamp duty of six pounds.

These datie* to be under the management of the commissioners for the former dudes on

One new stamp may be provided for denoting all the duties.

Such former fiampt paper, vellum or parchment, as shall be used after the said 5 July, for the

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual raising, levying, collcdhng, and paying, the said additional rates and duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, by former acts of parliament in that behalf made; who, or the msyor part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, as they shall think; proper; and to use such dies and damps, tp denote the stamp duties hereby charged, as they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter, the same, from time to time, ps there shall be occasion; and tp do all other acts, matters, apd things, necessary to be done, for putting this act ip execution, with relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of stamps for and in respect of the additional rates and duties hereby granted, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, instead of distinct stamps, tp ascertain the duties granted by former adU, and this a<$t> to cause one new stamp to be provided far denoting all the said duties, from time to time, as shall, by the said of, he thought proper or necessary,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, charged by this act with any of the stamp duties hereby granted, which hath been, or shall before the said fifth day of July % be stamped or marked in pursuance of the former act$ of parliament relating to his Majesty's ftaxgp du£ie$^or any of them, (ha\ before any of the master*

4

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 47. 4^7

or things, in respect whereof any rate or duty is hereby made foresaid, is to payable, shall be ingrossed or written thereupon (such ingrossing the q°-'Or writing being, at any time after the said fifth day of July) be (temped be brought to the head office for stamping or marking of veflush, with the du-parchment, and paper, to be stamped or marked with another, e# §ran^ mark or stamp, over and besides the marks or (lamps put, or to by t 18*1 be put, thereupon, in pursuance of the said former aAs, or any of them; and that all vellum, parchment, and paper, which hath but^un-not been, or shall not, before the said fifth day of July, be damped paper stamped or marked in pursuance of the said former acts, or any &c. is to be jof them, shall, before any of the matters or things in refoe& where- parked with of any stamp duty is payable hereby, and by the said former act«, {faem^Cfor aj| or any of them, shall be thereupon ingrossed or written (such in* the duties, grofling or writing being after the said fifth day of July) be brought to the wid head office, and there marked and stamped with the proper marks or (lamps, or mark or (lamp, provided, used, or appointed, or to be provided or appointed, in pursuance of the said former acts, or of this act, to denote the respective duties thereby and hereby respectively charged thereupon; and ij any per stamps^ is of the said matters and things, so to be ingrossed or written as 5l. besides the aforesaid, shall be ingrossed or written, contrary to the true in* dutto j tent and meaning hereof, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not appearing to have been duly marked or stamped according to this act; that then, and in every such case, there shall be due, answered, and paid (over and above the stamp duties pay- and the in-'able hereby, and by the said former acts, or any of them) for or strument in respect of every such matter or thing, the sum of five pounds; deemed una-and that no such matter or thing shall be available in law or 5^ equity, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, un- as weii as the less as well the said duty hereby charged in respect thereof, as penalty, are the said sum of five pounds, shall be first paid to the receiver ge- P^d. neral for the time being of the stamp duties, or his deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which Receipt to be such matter or thing is so ingrossed or written, shall be marked duties. ° or stamped according to the tenor and true meaning hereof; and the said receiver general, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duties, and of the said sum of five pounds, and such other sums as by the said former acts are payable in that behalf, to give a receipt Pen?ltJ tob* for such monies; and the other proper officers are thereupon re- duties* quired to mark or stamp such matters or things with the proper marks or (lamps, or mark or stamp, required in that behalf 5 which said sum of five pounds is to be applied to the same uses and purposes as the duties hereby granted are to be applied.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That duties to be the rates and duties herein before granted shall be paid, from paid over to time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time the l'fJ?*ver being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, ^nc*who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the rates and.,

duties arising by virtue of this act; and pay the same (the necef- and by him fary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for, such rates lT£° the c*m and duties being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, cbwlucr#

H ha for

Anno quinto GEORGII III. C. 47. [1765.

for the purposes herein after expressed, at such time and in such and to be en- manner, as any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, tered separate or paper, are aireCied to be paid; and that in the office of the and apart auditor of the said receipt, shall be provided and kept a book from all other or in which all the monies arising from the rates and

monies. duties hereby granted and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, upon any account whatsoever, and shall be applied in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, and all other officers who shall be employed in the collection or management of the said rates and duties herein before granted, shall, in the execution of their offices, observe and perform such rules and orders as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the high treasurer or the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time being; and that no fee or reward shall be taken or demanded by any such of or officers from any of his Majesty's subjects, for any matter or thing to be done in pursuance of this act; and in case any officer employed in the execution of (his act, in relation to the said rates and clu-

Officer»to observe the rules prescribed them by the treasury.

No fees to be taken by them.

Officer, neglecting his du

Sa*y* damages re^u^e or neglect to do or perform any matter or thing

with treble by this act required or directed to be done or performed by him,

costs. whereby any of his Majesty's subjects shall or may sustain any da-

mage whatsoever, such officer so offending shall be liable, by any action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the parry / grieved all such damages, with treble costs of suit.

Pmmltycm yil. And jt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ©fa breach of That the said of and their officers shall be subject trust i to i such penalties and forfeitures, for any breach of the tjrufts in

them reposed, or for diverting or misapplying the money receiv-0rminyPotthe ec*n Pursuance this a(* as by any former law relating to y stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are inflicted; and that all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed, inflicted, or appointed, by any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, > parchment, and paper, and not hereby altered, shall be in full.force and effect, with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied, and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said rates and du-< ties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been herein enacted with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed.

Penalty of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, counterfeiting That if any person, from and after the said fifth day of Jvfyi of thlefftwnT count*er*e*, t or or procure to be counterfeited oriorg-9 ed, any seal, stamp, or mark, to resemble any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act for the purpose of denoting thq duties hereby granted*or (half counterfeit or

refenjblc,

ing any monies. Powers, Sic. granted tw former aCrs, extended to this act.

D ized by

469

1765.] Anno -quinto Georgii III. c. 47.

resemble the impression of the same with an intent to defraud'his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or vendin or shall utter, vend, or fpll, any vellum, parchment, or paper, forgcci liable to any such stamped duty, with such counterfeit (lamp or mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately P" lately or

or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed orallow- ^i?n th^real ed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, sea?fto de-C his heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties; every per- fraud hisMa-son so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be)eft/» adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, lscl°ny* without benefit of clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The several That the duties hereby granted, and the duties arising by vir- ^hose tue of the said former act made in the thirty second year of his hereby grant-late Majesty's reign, and in the second year of his present Ma-cd, made a jesty's reign, shall be and are hereby made one joint fund for joint fund answering and paying, in such manner and proportions as are pa£n*gt-in the said several acts directed and appointed with respect to ta judgw the duties thereby grartted, all such sums of money as shall be-friaries come due and payable from and after the said fifth day of July, established by in pursuance of the said several acts, to the puisne judges in the^r£cite5} court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas*and» GeoT* at Westminster, the chief and other barons of the coif in the

court of Exchequer at Westminster, the chief and second justices of Chester, and the justices of the great sessions for the counties in Wales, for the time being respectively; and if any surplus, gyPto b^re-Shall remain of the produce of the said fund, the same shall ?ex- served for the cept the money herein after authorized to be paid thereout) bedifposition of reserved for the disposition of parliament, in such manner as any parliament j surplus of the duties granted by the said several acts arc thereby respectively directed to be. reserved.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That first paying out of any of the surplusses which shall arise upon the said funds thereout -.established for payment of the said augmentation, and upon the 3>6*sl- in

said additional stamp duties hereby granted, after the payments a"8^cJ^ioit charged thereupon are, from time to time, satisfied, a sum not feriesVom s* exceeding three thousand six hundred and twenty five pounds, jam to j July, shall be paid and applied in augmeritation of the salaries of the 1759* said judges and justices, from the fifth day of January, questhousand seven hundred and fifty nine, to the fifth day of July, in the same year, according to the proportions appointed by the said atft of the thirty second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, with respect to the augmentation therein mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t, tool. to be That out of any of the duties and revenues in that part of Greet paid out of Britain called Scotland, which by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable, 0

with the payment of the fees, salaries, and other charges, al- Scotland, lowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her heirs, or succes-, fors, for keeping up the courts of session and judiciary, and ex-phequer court in Scotland, a sum not exceeding two thousand

H h 3 one

470 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 48. [1765.

one hundred pounds, shall be paid and applied, in augmentation in augment*- of the Varies of the judges in the said courts of session and ex-tien of the chequer, from the said fifth day of January* to the said fifth judges salaries day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, acoord-t^re» fro{ni£ ing to the proportions appointed by the said act made in the thirty >759* 5 JU* feconc* yfar of the rc*8n of his said late Majesty, with respect to the augmentation thereby granted of the salaries of the said judges.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times be hied or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or to be done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may General issue. plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pase for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants Treble costs. haverehle costs to him or them awarded against such

plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for prohibiting the importation of foreign frianu-y fa Shared silk floe kings, fitk mitts, dnd silk gloves, into Great Britain and the British dominions; and for rendering more effefinal an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled. Silk Works.

WHEREAS the impertatien of foreign manufaEured Jill Jloc kings, silk mitts, and silk gloves, into Great Britain, and the British dominions, is greatly prejudicial to the trade and menu-failures of this kingdom, and tends to the depriving of his Adajefijs subjttts of the means of supporting themselves and their families for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled w.and by the authority of the same, That if any foreign manu-

nufa^ured1 feftured silk (lockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, shall from and silk (lockings, after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hund- j silk mitts, or dred and sixty five, be imported, brought, or conveyed, into

or any part of the British dominions, the same nTbc^port be, ant* are hereby declared to be, forfeited, and shall be cd after4 liable to be fsearched for and seized, in like manner as other pro-'/une, 1765. on hibited and uncustomed goods are, and shall be disposed of as penalty ot; s herein after mentioned; and every person or persons who

or enure, shall bring, convey, or import, or shall cause to be brought,

conveyed, or imported* into this kingdom* or any part of the

Sritifo

1765.] Anno o qfuiiito Gtedft&n III. c. 48. 471

British dominions* rfny such silk stockings, silk mitts, or silk and the per-gloved, Or shall be aiding, abetting, or affixing the rein, or be- f?ns affi«ing# ing a vender or venders, retailer or retailers, of any kind of silk herein stockings, mitts, or gloves, in whefc Custody or possession any whose custody ft>ch foreign manufactured silk stockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, such good* shall be found, or who shall fell, or Expose to sale, any such silk be found stockings, silk mitts, 'or silk gloves, or who shall conceal any °hem to felt such silk stockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, with intent to pre- &c.

vent the forfeiture or seizure of thel4tne, shall, over and above the forfeiture and loss of such silk ftbckirtgs, silk mitts, and silk forfeit all© gloves, and all interest which he, she, or they, may have there- aool. in, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, together with costs of fiiit.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Where such

rity aforesaid, That if any such silk stockings, silk mitts, or silk F*1* lha,_b^ gloves, shall be found and seized in that part of Great Britain f^dout of called England, out of the cities of London, and JVtftmbtfter^ and London, or the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and the same shall weekly bill* not exceed in value the sum of twenty pounds; it shall and may not exceeding be lawful for two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace 1

for such county, city, borough, or place, where the same shall for the county be so found and seized, upon information before them that such or place may silk stockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, were seized as silk stock- proceed to ings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, unduly brought into, and not or discharge>11 manufactured within this kingdom, to hear and determine thttberos, 5 same, and to proceed to condemnation or discharge thereof, as

shall seem just, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That seizures, if forthwith after the seizure of any such silk stockings, silk mitts, made within or silk gloves, as aforesaid, the same shall be depomed m one of London or the King's warehouses belonging to the custom-house, in case

such seizure happens to be within the cities of London or West- bedeposit-minster, or the weekly bills of mortality, where the same shall ed in the be received and admitted at all times by the proper officer or Kina'* ware-officers there, who is and are hereby impowered and required to j*?ufey receive and preserve the same; and in Case such seizure shall be £h«, Cto made out of the said cities of London, and Westminster, and the deposited with weekly bills of mortality, then the same shall be depositedin the the chief raau hahd9 of the chief nriagiftratCof such city, town, or place where or the same shall be seized, or in the hands of the Conrcable of the constab*hefct adjacent village, who is and are impowered and required lo receive and preserve the same; and all and every such silk stockings, silk mitts, and silk gloves, may, from time to time, be yfewed with viewed and irtfpected by any person or persons, on behalf of the feavc j prosecutor or prosecutors, or of the person or persons interested in or claiming the said silk stockings, silk mitts, and silk gloves,

with the leave of the court, officers, judges, or justices, where, or before whom any prosecution ot suit shall be carried on, for condemnation thereof, or for recovery of any penalty by this act inflicted* who are and is hereby required to make and give such

H h 4 orders.

ty's dominions;

472 Anno quinta Georgii III. c. 48. X1765.

orders, from time to time for that purpose, as may be just and reasonable; and after condemnation thereof in due course of law, and after con- all and every such silk (lockings, (ilk mitts, and silk gloves, shall damnation, to be publickly sold to the bed advantage for exportation by the

bepublickly candjg.

and one moiety of the produce, or money arising by the portadonVo dockings, silk mitts, and silk gloves, shall be to

foreign parts, the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors,; and the other not being any moiety thereof to the use of the officer or officers who shall seize of his Majes- aruj secure the same.anci np such (lockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, dull be contained or used in this kingdom, but shall be exported again to some port or place, not being any part of his Majesty's dominions, and shall not be sold otherwise than on condition to be exported as aforesaid; and such silk dockings for which fe- silk mitts, and silk gloves, shall not be delivered out of the ware-purity is to be house or place wherein the same shall have been secured, until gxYCIb sufficient security be fird given to the King's majesty, his hpirs, and successors, which the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs are hereby impowered and required to take, that the same, and every part thereof, shall be exported as aforesaid, and not landed again in any part of his Majesty's dominions; which securi-S upon oe?"ties^charged without fee or reward, upon certificate tificate of the returned under the common seal of the chief magistrate in any due landing place or places beyond the seas, and out of his Majesty's domi-thereof, nions, or under the hands and fealsof two known English merchants upon such place, that the goods were there landed; or of their bdn upon Pro0^ by credible persons, that such goods were taken by taken by the S enem'cs» or peri filed in the seas; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said of $ which of are hereby impowered, from time to time to call upon the person or persons who have entered into such security, to produce such certificate or proof as aforesaid.

IV. And, for the better discovering and detecting any offender or offenders against this act; be it enacted by the authority grounds for aforesaid, That upon an information in writing, made upoo 5nformTuonnd oath before any two or more of his Majesty's ludices of the upon oath be peace for the respe<9tive county or place (which information shall made and fab be signed by the party or parties making the same) that there is fenbed before gGOd ground and reason to suspect that such silk dockings, silk any such goods raxtts> or silk gloves as aforesaid, have been imported into this being import- kingdom, and are concealed by, or are in the possession or cuf-ed and con- tody of, any retailer or feller of any kind of silk dockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, contrary to the true intent of this act; it shall and may be lawful for such judices respectively, to issue their warrantor warrants to.any condable orcondables, or other peace officer or officers, within the said county or place, irapow-forandfeizing ering him or them to search in the day-time the house or houses the same. out or out-houses, ware-houses, (hops, cellars, rooms,

and other places, belonging to, or hired, employed, or made use of by, such retailer or feller who shall be suspected to conceal or have in his, her, or their possession or custody any silk dockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, not being made or manu-

fastured

enemy, or that they perilled at tea.

\Vhere there shall be

cealed by the retailer, he is to issue his warrant tot searching

by

I7^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 48.

473

factured within Great Britain; and if any such (ilk (lockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, not being made or manufactured within Great Britain, shall be found, to seize and carry away the Came, for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, and and to di fe thereof as is herein before directed.

V. An be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such action or fiiit may plead the

[General issue.]

general issue, and give this act and the special matter, in evidence.

at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have been (o

done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants;

and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action

after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared $ or if

judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble Treble cofti.

costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have

in other cases by law.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That iq Defendant al-every such action, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant lowed to pay or defendants, by leave of the court where such action shall be money into depending, at any time before issue joined, to pay into courtcourl*

such sum of money as he or they shall see fit, as amends for the matter or cause complained ot in such action; whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements, shall and may be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other adhons >vhere the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If any doubt That if any such silk dockings, (ilk mitts, or silk gloves, shall ?r^with.rc" be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this act, and any doubt

or question shall afterwards arise where the same were manufac- Eufacture of"-tured, the proof shall lie upon the person or persons in whose such goods, custody or possession the same were found and not upon the p/00ft?^on prosecutor or prosecutors, plaintiff or plaintiffs $ and in case* dcfcnd* no proof shall be given that such silk (lockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, were manufactured within Great Britain, then the same shall, without any further proceeding, be taken and held to have been manufactured out of Great Britain, and contrary to, and in violation of, this act; any law or custom to the contrary notr withstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifpcr^>n 5h 1 any person or persons in whose custody or possession any such whose custody silk (lockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, shall be seized, by vir- such goods tue and in pursuance of this act, such person or persons not shall be found; importing or concealing the same, shall discover upon oath, be- or Vonce^inf fore any one or more justice or justices of the peace, the person fame> or persons who fold such silk (lockings, (ilk mitts, or (ilk gloves

{o such person or persons in whose custody or possession the same shall be seized, so as that such person or persons, so felling the discovering same, shall or may be prosecuted and convicted according to the feller.

the

47+

is discharged from all penalties.

Anrto quiilfo GEORGII III. C. 48.

[176^.

the intent of this act, as the feller thereof, in cdfe (he same (had] be, or be taken and held so be, within the intentarid meaning of this act, msrnufactured out of Great Britain; such per fort or ^ersons so discovering, as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby freed and discharged of and from ail and every the penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted upon all and every person and persons being a vender or venders, retailer or retailers, having in his, her, or their custody or posseflton any such fist stockings, fllk mitts, or silk gloves, not made or manufactured, in Great Britain; and of and from any proof that the same so seized, as aforesaid, were manufactured m Great Britain.

Recovery and

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, application of That ass pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, pen^hes^nZ ^all aru* ma?^for aru* coveted iri any of his Majesty's forfeitures. courts of record at Westminster, or in the eouft of exchequer at Edinburgh, respectivety, by action, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his Majesty's attorney general, or in the name of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of same officer or officers of the customs*and that one moiety of every such penalty and forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the officer or officers of the customs who shall inform and prosecute for the same.

Wearer of X. Provided also, aftd be it further enacted by the authors-

such good# fy aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or

"ny forfeiture itl^construed to extend to fub^afly person or ftu or penalty, ions who shall wear or make use of such silk (lockings, silk mitts, or silk gloves, as aforesaid, as part of his, her, or their apparel, or dreis only, to any forfeiture, or to any pecuniary penalty or penalties inflicted by this act, or to any proof that the same were manufactured within Great Britain.

XI. And whereas by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectuas, an act made inf the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, Silk Works* certain penalties are thereby inflicted upon any person or persons, who (half import, bring, or convey, or cause ro be im-

[sorted, brought, or conveyed into this kingdom, any ribbands?, aces, or girdles, not made and mamrfactured in Great Britain whether the same be wrought of silk alone, or wrought of silk mixed with any other materials: or who shall be aiding, abet-kd U*the ei* or in the bringing and Conveying, or importing

ataers r n, *s any such ribbands, lices, or girdles, as afotfl-

nd the vend- > and a^ upon cvcfy and persons bring a vender of dert, venders, retailer or retailers, of any kind of ribbands, laces, or

girdles, respectively, in whose custody or poflfeffiori any such ribbands, laces, or girdles, or any of them, shall be found j or 1 who shall sell or expose to sale, any such ribbands, laces, or

girdles, as aforesaid; or who shall conceal any such ribbands, the^coWeem- ^ces of gi^les, with intent to prevent the forfeiture or feizurd ed insufficient, of the same; which petndttes, by reason of thdfthallnefe (hereof

have

Penalties inflicted by act 19 Hen. 7.

on persons importing ribbands, laces, or girdles, of foreign manufacture

475

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 48.

have be found insufficient to answer the good intention of the said act; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who shall be guilty and perfars

?\i any of the offences aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, for the future orfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, together with gf^ty costs of suit; and shall and may be sued for and recovered in any fences, to for- of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court felt 200l. with of exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, by actionr bill, plaint, costs of fuitj or information, in the name of his Majesty's attorney general, or in the name of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of some officer or officers of the customs; and One moiety to that one moiety of every such penalty and forfeiture shall be to his the King, and Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the other moiety thereof, oth*Fto to the officer or officers who shall inform and prosecute for the pro ccu* same. '

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the but the wear-authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall ex- 5rhi?J?t to* tend, or be in any wise construed to extend, to subject any per- forfeit Ion or persons whatsoever, who shall wear or make use of penalty, such ribbands, laces or girdles, as aforesaid, as part of his, her or their apparel or dress only, to any forfeiture, or to any pecuniary penalty or penalties irtflifted by the said recited act, or this act; or to any proof that such ribbands, laces or girdles, were < manufactured in Great Britain.

XIII. And whereas in and by the said recited act it is enacted.

That all and every such ribbarids, laces and girdles, after cotv-demftation thereof, shall, by order of the court, judge or judges, or justices, where or before whom such condemnation shall be had, be publickly burnt and intirely destroyed: and whereas the intention of the said act might be more effectually answered, if such ribbands, laces and girdles, were fold and disposed of in manner herein after mentioned, instead of being burnt and destroyed as aforesaid; be it therefore further eilafted by the authority aforesaid, That all such ribbands, laces and girdles, -,

shall be only seized and secured, in pursuance of the powers laces^and gir-granted by the said act, by some officer or officers of his Maje- dies, 'instead of fty's customs, and shall, after condemnation thereof in due course befog burnt# of law, be publickly fold for the best advantage for exportation, Pur.foantu>the by the candle; and one moiety of the produce or money arising [o^publick-by the sale of such ribbands, laces and girdles, shall be paid to ]y fold, the use of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the use of such officer or officers of the customs who shall seize and focure the same as aforesaid; and and exported no such ribbands, laces or girdles, shall be consumed or used into so^g*1 this kingdom, but shall be exported again to some port or place, fn^pa^of*not being any part of his Majesty's dominions, and shall not the King's be sold, otherwise than on condition to be exported as aforesaid; dominions: and such ribbands, laces and girdles, shall not be delivered out for which fev of the warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured, w*

until sufficient security be first given to the King's majesty, his89heirs and successors, (which the Commissioners of his Majesty's $ W

476 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1765.

customs are hereby impowered and required to take) that the same, and every part thereof, shall be exported as aforesaid, and and a certifi- not landed again in any part of hrs Majesty's dominions; which rc*|irncci said securities shall be discharged without fee or reward, upon landing the re- cert*ficate returned under the common seal of the chief magistrate of according-in any place or places beyond the seas, and out of his Majesty's ly, dominions, or under the hands and seals of two known English

merchants of such place, that the goods were there landed, or th^>b?adC upon Pro°f by credible persons that such goods were taken by taken by enf- enemies, or perished in the seas, the examination and proof mies, or of thereof being left to the judgement of the said of;

their perishing which of ate hereby impowered, from time to time, in the seas. tQ cajj Upon t^e person or persons who have entered into such security to produce such certificate or proof as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, ledhngjlor" That if any officer or officers of the customs shall neglect or one month af- refuse, for the space of one month after such condemnation as tercondemna-aforesaid, to prosecute to effect any person or persons for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture by this act inflicted upon offendi-any other per-€rs against the same; that then it shall be lawful for any person son may sue or persons whomsoever, to sue for, prpfecute and recover the for, and re. respective pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this act inflisted, funY^in like manner as is herein before directed with regard to the officers of the customs; and one moiety of the said pecuniary for-

feitures, when recovered, shall, in such case, go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same respectively.

CAP. XUX.

An act to prevent the inconveniencies arising from the present method of issuing notes and bills by the banks, banking companies and bankers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS a practice has prevailed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, of issuing notes, commonly tailed

Bank Notes, for sums of money payable to the bearer on demand, or in the option of the ijfuer or grant er, payable at the end of six months, with afum equal to the legal interefi, from the demand to that time: and whereas notes, with such option as aforesaid, have been and arc circulated in that part of the united kingdom to a great extent, and do pass, from hand to hand, as fpttie, whereby great inconveniencies have arisen: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-From and af- ^ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ter 15 May, from and after the fifteenth day of Afoy, one thousand seven 1766, no notes hundred and sixty six, it shall not be lawful for any person or Scot! lfdUeand Per^on6 whatsoever, bodies pplitick or corporate, to issue or aW, an*'give,

1705.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 477

give, or cause to be ififued or given, within that part of Great circulated as

Britain called Scotland, any note, ticket, token or other writing, be

for money, of the nature of a bank note, circulated, or to be payable on

circulated, as specie, but such as shall be payable on demand, demand;

in lawful money of Great Britain, and without reserving any amJ noecs

power, or option of delaying payment thereof for any time or sued, and cir-

term whatsoever; and that from and after the said fifteenth day culated as

of May. one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, all notes, prcvi-..i; - -ous to the

tickets, tokens, or other writings, for money, of the nature fai(J fl, a|

of a bank note, issued previous to the said day, and circulated be payable on

as specie in that part of the united kingdom, shall, and they demand, not-

are hereby declared and adjudged to be payable, on demand, in withstanding

lawful money aforesaid; any option, condition, or otherdause cU^fe^the

therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. contrary;

II. Provided always, That nothing contained in this act shall Poftbills, pay-prevent any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, from able at seven issuing poll bills, payable seven days after fight, in the same*?* manner as they are at present issued by the b^nk of England. cxccp c 1

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, an(j persons That all and every person and persons whatsoever, bodies poll- acting contra-tick or corporate, and the legal administrators of such person or ry hereto, so*-persons, bodies politick or corporate, who shall, after the said

fifteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, issue or cause to be issued, any note, ticket, token or other writing, for money, of the nature of a bank note, circulated, or to be circulated, as specie, contrary to the directions of this act before-mentioned, and to the true meaning and intent thereof, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to the person co1

or persons who shall inform or prosecute for the lame, five hun- 0 ult# dred pounds sterling, with full costs of suit; to be sued for and recovered, by way of complaint, before the court of session, upon fifteen days notice to the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, complained of; which complaint the said court of fefTionis hereby authorized and required summarily to determine, without abiding the course of any roll.

IV. And for rendering the payment of all notes, accepted bills, post bills, tickets, tokens, or other writings, for money, of the nature of a bank or banker's note, circulated, or to be circulated, as specie, in that part of the united kingdom, more effectual, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Summary cx- from and after the pasting of this act, summary execution shall ecution may proceed upon every such note, accepted bill, post bill, ticket, pibceed upon token or other writing, at the instance of the holder thereof,

against the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, and "0^0"* the legal administrators of such person or persons liable in pay- payment of ment of the same, not only for the sum or sums therein contain- the principal ed, but also for the interest thereof, from the time of demand- an<*nlcrcft* ing payment; and that a protest, taken at the office of the per- Method of son or persons, bodies politick or corporate, liable, in payment protesting of the same, between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, for pot payment, or for not marking

fcfofcfpension tt> pafi, but upon ji 4if-

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 49. r*765

any such note, accepted bill, poll bill, ticket, token, or othei writing, shall be registerable in the courts of session, or othet competent judicatories, at any time within six months after tb< date of such protest; that letters of homing, upon a charge of fu days, and the other usual execution of the law of Scotland* may pass thereupon, in the same manner as is competent by the law of Scotland, upon protests of bills of exchange and inland bills duly registered.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no suspension or lift of such charge, or other execution, shall pass, but upon a discharge by the holder of the note or

with all charges,

<&&& tLld* notes» accepted bills, or post bills, to protested; or upon an of-note^r se^aer^made to him or her, in the form of an instruroent,

duly signed by a notary publick and two witnesses, of the foil contents of such note or notes, bill or bills, wkh the legal intenest thereof from the date of the protest, and also of the expen ces of the protest, registration, and such diligence as shall hate followed thereupon, to be certified by an account under ^the^ocmint hand^holdtr of such note or notes, accepted bills, of expences^ post bills, or other writings, aforesaid, all in lawful money of may he hied Great Britain: saving and reserving always to the person or per-for at common fons, bodies politick or corporate, who shall make such pay-as'ma also naent> t^c"' action at common law, before any competent court, Sed^nages for repetition of any overcharge in such account of expences;

and to the person or persons who shall have protested such note or notes $ his, her or their action, before any competent court, for what further damages he, she or they, may have incurred by the undue delay of payment.

VI. And for preventing the unnecessary expence and delay of Protest may protesting each note, accepted bill, post bill, ticket, token, or be made ot fe- other writing aforesaid, separately, be it enacted by the autho-

nnfM rity aforesaid, That the holder of such notes, accepted bills, post bills, tickets, tokens, or other writings, after prefixing to his or her protest the full tenor and contents of any one note, accepted bill, post bill, ticket, token, or other writing afore-fa id, i ffued by the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, against whom such protest is to be taken, may and shall subjoin thereto the dates and numbers of all other notes or writings aforesaid, of the same tenor and contents whereof he or she shall then demand payment; which protest, being duly registered as aforesaid, shall be sufficient warrant for issuing letters of horning, and all other execution of the law for payment of the contents of the whole notes, accepted bills, post bHis, tickets, tokens, or other writings aforesaid, so specified in the protest; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwit(i-standing.

VII. And whereas a practice has of late prevailed in thjrt part of the united kingdom, of issuing and circulating notes as ipccie, of the nature of bank notes, for small sums, less than twenty shillings lawful money of Great Britain, whereby great inconveniencies have arifirn; for remedy whereof, be it further

arising from an undue delay of pay-muxtot the note.

yeral notes jointly.

1765.] Anno jqu«to GEoneij III. c. 50. 47

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first From and day of June, pue thousand seven hundred and sixty five, np note, ter, ju" accepted bill, post bill* ticket, token or other writing, circular- 1765, no noted, or which may be circulated, as specie, in the manner of a to be issued, hank or banker's note, shall be issued, re-issued, or given out, a, r^efor as specie, by any person or persons, bodies politick or corpo- alefefamthaa rate, their servants or agents, in that part of the united king- aos. (ter. dom, for any sum or firms of money less than twenty shillings lawful money of Great Britain; any law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: and that the person or persons, bodies on forfeiture politick or corporate, their servants or agents, who shall, after of.50o{: w'tl1 the said first day of June, issue, re-issue, or give out, any note, fuic" °* accepted bill, post bill, ticket, token, or other writing aforesaid, for any sum less than twenty shillings, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds sterling, with full costs of salt, to the person or persons who shall inform or prosecute for the same; to be sued for and recovered by way of summary complaint, before the court of session; to be proceeded in, in manner before directed.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall jjnaUnotei be interpreted to prevent the holders of all such notes, accepted npt prevented bills, post bills, tickets, tokens, or other writings aforesaid, for hereby from sums less than twenty shillings, from passing the same in pay- puffing the ment until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred C*' "*!^and sixty six, or from demanding payment thereof from the per- from'demand-son or persons, bodies politick or coporate, who issued the same, ing payment at any time. thereof at any

CAP. L. tuae*

yin a8to enlarge the powers of, and to render more effectual,

the several a£is, passed in the third and fourth

years of his present Majesty's reignfor,

lighting and otherwise regulating the squares, and

other places, within the city and Tiberty of Westminster, and other parts in the fold a&f mentioned and for extending the prontifions of the said to the Surrey side of Westminster Bridge; and for enlarging the powers of the said acts with respeSl to squares.

WHEREAS an act was made in the second year of the reign preamble.

*of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, streets and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, the parities of Saint Giles in the,

Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury that part of the parish of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in the county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the duchy of Lancafterwhich lies in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein, and for other purposes there mentioned: and whereas another ail was made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to amend,

and render more effectual, the said last mentioned and

an-

480 Anno quinto GEORGII III. C. 5a. (176;

another act was made in the last session of parliament yto explain^ 0 mend and render more effectuall toe fad two laji mentioned afii'and whereas the commissioners for putting the said three fevered g8

in execution, have made some further progress in the trufis then? repo fed in them9 hut find that all the said acts are defective with rt spect to some of the powers thereby given, and that the feud seven acts cannot be effectually put in execution, so as to answer the purposes thereby intended, unless some new powers are granted, in the said several acts in other respects amended, and made more t} feftual: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may h enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majt fty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ani temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled Where any of and by the authority of the same, That when and so osten, the water vter the passing of this act, as it shall happen, that any piped TTTS? PV681 belonging to any of the water companies, who fumish tlx Ereak, city afM^ liberty of Westminster, and the parishes and places com.

priced within the said former act, or this act, or any or eithe of them, with water, break or burst in any of the square, streets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages or places, which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of the said former acts, or apd notice be of thisaa, or any or either of them, it shall and may belawh!| fyth^com- to anc* for fopervisor to the said of for thetim: missioners fa- being, or any other person or persons the said of, or pervisor, to the any three or more of them, shall appoint for that purpose, & companies give immediate notice to the pavior of the water company to whom\e° whom he apprehends such pipe or pipes does or do or may be-deems such long, acquainting him in what square, street or place, such pipe pipetobelong, or pipes so burst or broke up lay, and requiring him to take up h l# to 0, ?n Pavement> ant* °Pcn the ground at or near the place where with?n°* days.hc water shall or may issue by reason of such pipe or pipes y'breaking or bursting, within two days next after notice given and if the pipe to such pavior, or left at his last or usual place of abode; zd is found to be-upon taking up the pavement and opening the ground, !: mhe/compa- aPPcar> that the P*Pe or P*PC$ so broke or burst do not be-ny, P long to the water company whose pavior shall have taken up the supervi- such pavement, and opened such ground; that then, and iniuch for is to give case> the supervisor to the said of for the time being, acco- or such other person or persons who shall be appointed for that s y*purpose by the said of in manner aforesaid, shall give notice to the pavior of that company to whom it shall appear that the said pipe or pipes belong; such notice to be given or left with such pavior, or at his last or usual place of abode, and such pa- and the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes Va?r the^ame ls hereby required to repair the same, and fill in the

and fill* in the ground within six days after such notice given or left as afore-ground within said; and, within twelve hour9 after such pipe shall be repaired six days, and the ground filled in, give notice to the person or persons and* E*ve"?" contrfcfting with the said of to relay the pavement of havingfo^ so broke or taken up for the reasons aforesaid, or to the super-done to the visor to the {said commissioners* or such other-person or persons of - as

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 481

is shall be appointed by the said of in manner afore- contractor or aid, of such pipe or pipes being repaired, and such ground be-uPcrv"or* ng filled in, such notice to be given to such contractor, luper-visor, or other person, or left at his or their last or usual place

abode: and in case it shall happen that the pavior who first^the receives notice to take up the pavement and open the ground instance is o for the purposes aforesaid, shall take up such pavement and open be satisfied for such ground, and it shall then be drfeovered that the pipe or his trouble* pipes which is, are, or shall be burst or broke, doth or do not belong to the company to whom he is pavior; that then, and in such case, the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes belong shall make satisfaction to the pavior who so took up such pavement and opened such ground for such work: and in case pav; or neg-the pavior to whom such notice shall be so given to take up such lectingtoopen pavement and open such ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the ground th^fame within the said two days after notice given; he shall, ^ysafter0

no-#

for the first offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings; tlcrct forfeits, for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the for the firit third and every other offence the (urn ot three pounds; and in offence, 20*. case the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes so q, a^dTor brQke or burst shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and every subse-amend such pipe or pipes, and fill in the ground so taken up, quest offence for the space of six days next after such notice given, or shall J1* neglect to give notice to the person or persons contracting with tore air the said of to relay the pavement so broke or taken the pipes, Pand up for the reasons aforesaid, or to the supervisor to the said com- fill in the* missioners, or to such other person or persons as shall be ap- ground within pointed by thq/aid of in manner aforesaid; such pa- th

vior shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty (hil- notice requir-lings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; anded; for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds: forfeits, for and if the person or persons contracting with the said commis- ^c^rl (toners to relay such pavement so broke or taken up for the rea- for the second, fons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such pavement in 4os, and for a good, sufficient, and effectual manner, within two days after every subse-such notice given to him as aforesaid; or if the supervisor, or offence» other person to whom such notice shall be given, shall neglect commission-to acquaint the contractor of such notice; then and in every ers contractor such case, the person or persons so offending shall, for the first nor. relaying offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third and every ]fey"n W° other offence, the sum of three pounds. or (upervisor

not giving him due notice, forfeit in !ikc manner.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Paviors ap-the several and respective paviors now appointed, or hereafter pointed by the to be appointed, by the said several and respective water com- watfrc0, n-panies, shall, and they are hereby required, within the space of three days next after the passing of this act, or within the space diate notice " of three days next after he shall be appointed pa\ior to to the commis-

Vol. XXVI. ' Ii such fipners supervisor of their names, placet

482 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50.

[176: ,

of abode, and such company or companies, to give notice in writing tothi

a Na?lvcdl' supervisor for the time being to the said of, or t:

riw Si such other person or persons as shall be appointed by the f»!

of, or any three or more of them, for that porpose

of his the said pavior's name, place of abode, to what cotnpar

he is pavior, and in what district he has the care of such cat-

forfeit, for pany or companies pipes; and in case any such pavior or p-

the full ot- viors shall neglect or refuse to give such notice within the relpe,

for thVfe* tive times aforesa, d, every such pavior so offending in either:

coud, 40s. the said cases, shall, for the first offence, forfeit the same

and for every twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty

subsequent fogs. an^ for the third and every other offence, the rom e offence, 3 I. three pounds>

Sewers to be

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tfer repaired and when and so often as any fewer or drain, which is or shall k\ c eanied under the direction of the commissioners of sewers, shall reqoin to be made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, in ar of the squares, streets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, cr places, which have been or shall be begun to be paved by virte within fix of this and the said three former recited acts; that then, and i: days after every such case, the said of of sewers shall within to to the days after notice given to or left for their surveyor for the ti

missioners, or being, at his last or usual place of abode, effectually repair, dor-their Purvey- and empty, such fewer or drain, as the case may require; an! orj in default thereof, that it shall and maybe lawful to and for th

fault thereof ^ai<* cornm*oners appointed by the said three former acts, 0: the same may th*s act, or any three or more of them, or their surveyor or fa-be repaired veyors for the time being, to cause such fetoer or drain to it apd cleansed made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the ct< ^ffitmenTuii may re(lu're» or much thereof as shall remain unfinisted;der thUrift*charges and expences whereof shall be paid by the cotnmifiic the expence ners for putting the said three former acts, and this act, mcxca* to be paid by tien, who shall be reimbursed the same by the clerk or treafarcr the treasurer for the tjmc being to the said of of sewers: andk missioners^of ca^c t*lc or treasurer to the said of of b-

towers, ers shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so pii: and difourfed, within ten days next after notice thereof shall h left at the dwelling-house or last place of abode of such clerk« treasurer, which notice shall be in writing, and signed by & clerk to the commissioners for putting this and the said three it-cited acts in execution, and annexed to the bill, containing nr an action account of such charges and expences; it shall and may be a* for the money fol to and for the said last mentioned of, oran;

ht a three or tjiore of them, and they are hereby authorized audio mdnf him" powered to bring. Or cause to be brought, any action or tdm

in the name or names of their treasurer or treasurers for the ti being, against such clerk or treasurer of the commissionen«

- sewers for the time being, for the recovery of such fiun or fuss'

' of money, as they shall have so expended for the porpofestfcfr

said; in Which action or q&ions, no essoin, protection, Qrw*p of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

TfM\

7^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5d.

4*3

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Where the That when and so often as any of the pavement or pavements, sewers

in any of the iqgares, streets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passa- andc?einfect, fgos, or places, which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this

or the said three former acts, shall be taken up by the commissioners of sewers for the purpose of making new, altering, repairing, cleansing, or emptying, any fewer or sewers, drain or drains, under the direction of the commissioners of feWers, the surveyor for the time being to the said of of sewers shall, lb soon as such fewer or sewers, drain or drains, shall be made new, altered, repaired, cleansed, or emptied, as the case may be, give immediate notice to the person or persons contrail- jmrTW<jjate ing with the said of to relay the pavement so broke notice there-or taken up for the reasons aforesaid, or to the supervisor to the of is to be said of, or such other person or persons as shall be given!£tl, c appointed by the said of in manner aforesaid* in or- ^Mvior1* der that the pavement or pavements so taken up may be relaid or supervisor, and replaced under the direction of the said of fur- for relaying'veyor or surveyors, or such other person or persons as the said the Pavc-commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint for ment> that purpo(e; and in case such surveyor to the of of (ewers shall make default in giving such notice twelve hours after such fewer or sewers, drain or drains, shall be so made new* altered, repaired, cleansed, or emptied, as the case may be, the said surveyor to the said of of sewers shall forfeit and on forfeiture pay the sum of forty shillings. of 40 s*

V. And ^vhereas the clause in the said recited act of the fourth year of his present Majesty, which relates to the of of lewers making new or additional, or repairing or altering any of the old grates-belonging to the said of of sewers, ' in any of the squares, streets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages,

or places, which had been or should be begun to be paved by virtue of that and the two former acts, has been found ineffectual; by reason there is no provision in the said clause to recover any money which shall be expended by the of appointed by the said last recited act, or the two former a$s, where the commissioners of sewers shall neglect or refuse to make new, repair, alter, or lay down, grates in the manner by the said clause directed, and also by reason that the meetings of the said of of sewers are frequently intermitted for a considerable time; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of of sewers shall, and they Commission-are hereby required, within the space of one month next after ers of fewer* the passing of this act, to appoint some fit and proper person to to appoint a receive all such notice or notices which the said of, ceWe'notic^ or any three or more of them, or their surveyor or surveyors, occasionally shall have occasion to fend, from time to time, for the making fen^them new or additional, or for repairing or altering any of the old from the com-grates belonging to the said of of lewers, in any of ^cl^n^r^n" said squares, ltrects, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, 1

or. places* which have been or shall be begun to be paved

484 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50.

[176'.

by virtue of this and the said three former act's; and in case dc the death of such person, or removal from his office, to appoint another in his (lead at their first meeting next after such death in default of or removal; and In default of such appointment, from time to such appoint- time, that then such notice or notices shall be given to or Wt may*te kft* t^iec^er^ clerks for the time being to the said commissio-with their ners of sewers, at his or their usual office, dwelling, or place of clerk; abode; and in case the person or persons, to whom such notice and if the re- or notices shall be given or left in manner aforesaid, shall neglect fn fuchnSticesor rc^u^c to ma^c new, repair, alter, and lay down, or cause or shall not be procure to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, such tmadc good grate or grates as shall be specified in such notice or notices, for within 7 days, the space of seven days next after such notice or notices shall the ccramif-^6*vcn or left m manner aforesaid, it shall and may* be lawful fionera under to and for the (kid of appointed by the said recited this act may acts, or this act, or any three or more of them, or their surveyor compleat the or surveyors for the time being, to cause such grate or grates as same, shall^necessary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid

down, to be so made new, repaired, altered, and laid down; the and charge the expence whereof shall be paid by the person or persons to whom expence: such notice or notices shall be given or left as aforesaid; and m

and if not paid case of nonpayment thereof within four days next after notice in days, in writing, to be signed by the clerk to the said commissionm for paving, appointed by the said recited acts, or this act, or by order of the said of, or any three or more or them, given or left at the office, or usual dwelling, or place of may brina an a^oc^e> of such c^er^ or clerks, person or persons; it shall and action for the may lawful for the said of appointed as aforesaid, money. or any three or more of them, to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name of their treasurer for the time being, against any clerk or clerks, person or persons, for the recovery of the money so expended by the said commtllioners on the account aforesaid; in which action or actions no eftoin, pro-tedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

The commif-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

orderV^lsV That* ^aH anc* ma.v^to anc^ for^Commifli-

be dug^in pro- ©ners> or any three or more of them, to cause to be dug and per pkccs, sunk in such place or places in any of the squares, streets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, or places, which shall be begun'to be paved by virtue of the said former acts, and of this act,

or in any square, street, lane, court, yard, alley, passage, or place, adjoining to such square, street, lane, court, yard, passage, or place, which shall have so been begun to be paved (providedft does not exceed ten yards in distance) as they, or any three or more of them, shall think necessary and convenient, any well and pumps or wells j and also to ered any pump or pumps on or near the

erected for same, for the purpose of watering all or any part of the several

watering the fqUares, streets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, or places,

CUi to he Completed by virtue of the said former act^apd of this

17£5.] AQno guinto Georgii III. c. 50.

4 ?5

aCi, or either of them, in such manner as the said of, or any three or more of them, shall direct.

VII. And whereas several of the Janes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, and places, which lead out of or into the squares, dreets, lanes, and other places, which have been or may be completed by virtue of the said recited acts, or of this act, are inhabited by poor persons; and several of the houses in such places are frequently let out intenements, and the inhabitants and occupiers of such places, having no conveniency to lay or deposit their dud or allies, the same is often thrown, cad, or laid in the lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, and places, which are not paved, cleansed, and lighted, under the direction of the said of, and also in.such squares, dreets, lanes, and other places, out of or into which such lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, and places, lead, and which are paved under the direction of the said of, to the great annoyance of the inhabitants and passengers: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and may also and for the said of, or any three or more of them, cause a num-to cause to be made or erected in any of the squares, dreets, jwof dud lanes, courts, alleys, passages, or places, which shall be begun t^be to be paved by virtue of the said former acts, or of this act, or erected where either of them, or in any of the lanes, courts, yards, alleys, necessary, passages, and places, which are not paved, cleansed, and lighted, under the direction of the said of, as they the said of, or any three or more of them, shall think ne- for deoolitine ceflary and convenient, such a number of moveable or fixed dud daft and boxes, dud holes, or other conveniencies wherein dud and allies allies, till re-may be depofired, until the respective scavenger or scavengers moved by the shall take and clear away the same. scavenger.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, powers, &c. of That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, provili- the former ons, regulations, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever, con- acts, and this tained in the said recited former acts, and this act, or either of the^nv them, shall extend to that part of the road adjoining to the abut- f, deof ^West-ments of Westminster Bridge, on the Surry side thereof, which minder now is paved with done of any fort, as effectually, to all intents Bridge

and purposes, ds if the respective powers, authorities, directions, provisions, regulations, clauses, matters, and things, in the said acts, or either of them, contained, were herein repeated and specially enacted.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- but so at not, foresaid, That nothing in the said former acts, or in this act, to interfere contained, shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to Westmm- ^veftecfhT* fier Bridge, or the abutments thereof, or in any manner to af- the commis-sect, alter, or repeal, any of the powers, authorities, truds, sioners for th» estates, or intereds, given to, or veded in, the of said bridge, for building a bridge cross the river Thames* from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey, in or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament.

X. And whereas it frequently happens, by reason that the

leaven get cannot come with their carts,

so as npt to excee<

4*6 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1765.

of do not at present pave, ckanse, or light, ac? courts, yards, alleys, passages, or places whefe the scavengers cannot come with their carts, which lead out of, into, or immediately communicate with the several streets and places whick have been hitherto paved, cleansed, and lighted, by and unde the direction of the said of, great inconvenienciej have arisen to the several inhabitants of the said places which art not paved, lighted, and cleansed, under the direction of the&d of, by the parish scavenger frequently negteftingto come into those places to take away the dust, ashes, and other filth, from their respective houses, and to clean such places; be made by the lt t^ere^ore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That firom and of afor the passing of this act, one or more rate or rates, assessment j upon the or assessittcnls, shall, twice in every year, or oftener, if it shall lands, houses, fce thought needful by the said commissiofters, or any five or nemetits^in6 more of them, be made, laid, and artefled, by the said commit* I courts anti loners, or any five or more of them, upon all and every tiw passages where lands, houses, (hops, warehouse, cellars, vaults, or other tene-scavenders ments, within such courts, yards, alleys, passages, or places, as aforesaid, in such competent fuin or sums of money as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall yearly and every year, order and direct, so as such rates or assessments do d in not exceec* in the whole the sum of three pence in the pound the pound ofn any one year of the yearly relit of such lands, houses, (hops, the rmt, as af- Warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, as the same shall sessed to the have been ascertained and rated towards the relief of the poor fn order to de-n P* or P^acc respectively, for each preceding year, in fray the ex- order to defray the expence of carrying away such dust, a(he % pence of re- and other filth, and cleansing such places; which rate or rates, moving the assessment or assessments, shall be paid quarterly, by such period clea* f3)11* such anc* Persons» an^n proportion, manner, and form, as the places1}g UCI. rates towards the relief of the poor are now paid; and with such the rates to be powers and authorities as are directed by the said several recited paid quartetly acts for the recovery of the rates and assessments to be levied as the poor an(j raifcc] for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, street^ lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, and places, comprised in said recited acts, and this act, or any or either of them; and the person or persons paying such rate or rates, shall be and ire hereby discharged from the payment of the parochial scavengers rate; any thing in this or any former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas several houses, and other buildings, are very frequently erested, and so far finished as to have the roots covered in, and others so much further finished as to be fit for tenants to dwell therein; but for want of being let or tenacted, through the negligence of the owners, and for other Causes, are not rated to the poor, and fherefore cannot be charged with any Commission- ra(e or assessment by virtue of any of the said recited acts; be it ers<r!Powerc<I therefore enacted oy the authority aforesaid, That until such buihlings co- houses, or other buildings, shall be rated to the poor, it shall vered in, or and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any

five

rates}

and the persons paying the same are discharged from the parochial fca-Vdhgett me.

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 487

five or more of them, and they are hereby required, when and finished mt such time and times as the rates and assessments hereby, and though un-in the said recited acts, or either of them* are directed to be tenacted» made, to rate and assess all such houses, and other buildings, situate, Handing, lying, and being, within the said parishesand places comprised within the said recited acts, or this act, or either of them, which are or shall be erected and covered in, or are fit to be inhabited, at a rate not exceeding six pence for every

square yard of land or ground belonging to the fronts or fides £^of such house, or other building, to be laid, received, recovered, of tile fronts and applied, in such manner as other rates and afliffments are or Tides of directed to be laid, received, recovered, and applied, by the said such build-former acts, or this act, or either of them.

XII. And whereas the dause in the said first recited act, which relates to the inflicting penalties on persons who shall set out, lav, drive or carry, or cause or procure, permit or suffer, to be let out, laid, drove or carried, any coach, cart, dray, waggon, or other carriage, wheels, timber, stones, or any other material, matter, or thing, which may occasion any annoyance, nuisance, or obftnjftion whatsoever, and also sufferingany cart, waggon, or other carriage, to remain longer than is needful and proper, for the loading or unloading thereof respectively, has been found ineffectual: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall A1j obftnl(> and may be lawful to and for the person already appointed by tiens ancj the said of, or for any other person or persons here- nuiiancesin after to be appointed by the said of, or any three orhe Erects, more of them, to supervise and inspect nuisances^obstructions, 11"aces^o be tod other annoyances, found in any of the squares, streets, removed with-Unes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, or places, which have been in six hours or shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the said three a tc1* notice former acts, to give notice to the person or persons who shall set of out, lay, drive, or carry, or cause or procure, permit or suffer, Tupcrviior*to be set out, laid, drove, or carried, any coach, cart, dray,

waggon, or other carriage, wheels, timber, stones, or any other material, matter, or thing, which raayoccafion any annoyance, nuisance, or obstruction whatsoever, in any of the squares, streets, lanes, courts, yards, alleys, passages, or places, which have been or shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the said three former acts, to remove the same within the space of six hours next after such notice given; and in case the person on forfeiture or persons who shall so set out, lay, drive, or carry, the same, or for the first cause the same to be so set out, laid, drove, or carried, shall not offence, of remove, or cause the same to be removed, within the space of 1°*f six hours, every such person and persons £0 offending shall, for oj^os.*the first offenca, forfeit the sum of ten shillings; for the second for every sub-offence, the sum of twenty shillings; and for the third and every sequent of-other offence, the sum of forty shillings. fence, 40 s.

XIII. And whereas the terrasses and steps on the west side of Saint James\ Street, are very incommodious and inconvenient to foot passengers and sedan chairs, and accidents frequently

I i 4 happen

The commis-

Anno quinto GEORGII III. -C* 50. $ 176f

happen thereby: and whereas the porch fixed or adjoining to \ certain house on the east side of the said street, and cofnmon]) called or known by the name of Arthur's chocolate house, breaks in upon the foot pavement: and whereas the (hop* or sheds built against and adjoining to the south side of Exeter exchange in the Strand; and also the porch belonging to the said exchange on the south side thereof, cause that part of the Strand to be very narrow and incommodious to passengers, both in carriages add on foot: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, fone arei'm- That upon payment of such sum or sums of money as shall be powered, up- agreed to be paid for the premisses above mentioned, or such on making part or parts thereof as shall be thought necessary by the hid to comn3iffioners, or any five or more of them, to be pulled down, e nmnr.e. removed, and taken away, for the purpose of making the said streets and places more safe and commodious to the publick; or if no agreement or contract shall be made, then upon making satisfaction, in manner herein after mentioned, to the owner or owners of, and person or persons interested m, such premiflfes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more of them, to take down, orfeiufe or procure to be taken down, the said terrasses and steps, and to fill up and discontinue the cellars, vaults, and other buildings, under the same; and also to take" down and remove the said porch, and the rails, steps, and fences, belonging thereto, in Saint James's Street aforesaid; and likewise the said (hops or (beds built against or adjoining to the south side of Exeter exchange aforesaid, and the porch erected against or adjoining to the said exchange on the south side thereof, or any part or parts of such premises respectively, as shall be necessary for the purposes aforesaid; and and to fell the cause the materials thereof to be removed and taken away, or the proprietors, to remove the terra ffes and steps on the west side of Saint James's Street, the porch at Arthur's chocolate house, and the (heds and porch at Exeter exchange j

materials;

fold, and the money arising from such sale to become the property of the of, and to be disposed of for the before mentioned purposes: and this a# shall be sufficient to indemnify the said of, and all persons authorized by them, against the heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, of any of the said owners or occupiers, as if the same had been sold by deed of feoffment, bargain and sale, or other assurance in the law, or by fine and recovery, or by any other conveyance whatsoever.

XIV.* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jokou man That if any body politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporation refuTe to*treat aggre?3te or f°le, feoffees in trust, executors, administrators, for the sale of guardians, committees, or other trustees, femes-covert, or any other person or persons whomsoever, in any wise interested in any of the said premisses, upon ten days notice to them given, or left in writing at the house or houses, place or places of abode, of such person or persons, or of the treasurer, secretary, clerk, or other officer officiating as secretary, clerk, or treasurer, of such body politick, corporate, or collegiate, or aggregate or foie, or at the ho ife, (hop, (bed, or other place, of the tenant in pqffedion of such premisses, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall

And if the parties inte-retted shall the premises, af»er notice gi'fcn,

or shall not agree about th (price.

17651 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 48$

shall not agree for the sale of any such premisses, or any part or the commis-parts thereof, or for their interest therein; then, and in every a-

such case, the said of, or any five or more of them, {^and da- shall cause the value of the premisses to be inquired into and af- mages to be certained, by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent inquired into, men of the city and liberty of Westminster, or county of Middle.*

/*, as the case shall require (which oath the said of, a, ury 1 or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) what damages will be sustained by, and what recompence and satisfaction mall be made to, such owners, occupiers, or proprietors, or other person or persons interested in the premisses before mentioned, or any part or parts thereof, which the said of shall want to remove, pull down, or take away, for their respective interests therein; and order thereunto, the said cpromissioners, or any five or more of them, ^n^uporf* are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, as there oath such wit-Shall be occasion, to summon and call before the said jury, and neflfes as shall examine upon oath all persons whatsoever, who shall be thoughtbc necessaiV necessary or proper to be examined as witnesses touching or con- the

ceming the premisses; which oash the said of, or any p # three or more of them, are hereby impowered and required toadmi- and order the nifter; and if any of the parties interested shall request the same, jury to view or the said of, or any five or more of them, shall the places in think it necessary, shall also cause the said jury to view the place on| or places in question, and shall use all other lawful ways and means, as well for their own as for the said jury's better, information in the premisses, in such manner as they the said cora-missioners, or any five of them, shall think fit; and after the said jury shall have so inquired of, ascertained, and settled, such Commission-damage and recompence, they the said of, or any thVmone^J? five or more of them, shall thereupon order and adjudge the ftfled t^be3*sum or sums of money so assessed by the said jury for such pre- paid to the misses as aforesaid, to be paid to the persons interested in the parties inte-feid premisses, or any part or parts thereof, according to the ver-} dict or inquisition of the said jury; which said verdict and in- an(j fuc|, quisition, and the order and adjudication so had and made, shall did* and adju. be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes, against all dication is to parties or persons whatsoever, claiming in possession, reversion,* a°d remainder, or otherwise, their heirs, executors, or administra- conc u VC| tors*, and successors respectively, as well absent as present, infants, femes-covert, lunaticks, ideots, and persons under any other disability whatsoever, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, aggregate or foie, as well as all other person or persons whomsoever; and all and every such owners, occupiers, and and the parties proprietors, and all and every person and persons in any wise interested in the premisses, or any part or parts thereof, shallthepremifl^ thereby be, from and after the money so assessed and adjudged P as aforesaid, shall be paid, tendered, or left, as herein after di-retsted, to all intents and purposes, divested of all right, title, claim, interest, or property, of, in, to, or out of, the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Th*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1765.

That for the summoning and returning of such jury or juries, the said of, or any five orjnore of them, are hereby impowered, from time to time, to issue their warrant or warrants to the high bailiff of Westminster, or to the sheriff of the said county, thereby requiring him or them to impanel, summon, and return, an indifferent jury of twenty four persons to appear before the said of, or any five or more of them, at such time and place as in such warrant shall be ap-

Eointed, of which time and place all parties interested dial] ave ten days notice given or left in manner herein last before mentioned j and the said high bailiff or sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return, such twenty four persons accordingly, and out of the persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such summons, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall cause to be sworn twelve, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and for default of a sufficient number of jurymen, the said high bailiff or sheriff, or his or their deputy or deputies, shall return many the standers-by as shall be necessary to make up the wfiirn^ number of twelve to serve on such jury.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons concerned shall, from time to time, have their lawful challenges (but not to challenge the array of the pannel) against any of the said jurymen when they come to be (worn; and the said of, or any five or more of them, acting in the premisses, shall have power from time to time, to impose any reasonable fine or fines on such high bailiff or sheriff, his or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs, or agents, making default in the premisses, and on any of the persons that shall be summoned and returned on such jury, and shall not appear or refuse to be sworn on the said jury, or to give their verdict, or in any manner wilfully neglecting their duty therein.

490

Commissioners to issue warrants to the high bailiff or sheriff, for Aimmon-ing and returning inch jury}

who are to summon and return such jury accord-

*»6jy 5

smd lor want of a sufficient number appearing, any of the stand-

returned.

Jqry may be challenged.

Commissioners impowered to fine the*high bailiff and the-riff, or their deputies, making default in the premisses

jury and evidences not doing their duty.

as likewHe the contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a; and on any of the persons who, being required to give evidence touching the premisses, shall refuse to be examined or to give evidence, and from time to time to levy such fine or fines, in such manner as any penalties in the said recited acts are directed to be levied and received, so as that no such fine shall exceed the sum of ten pounds upon any one person for any one offence.

Where the

XVII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, parties inte- That in case such person or persons, to whom such sum or sums rested cannot Of money shall be so assessed or due as aforesaid, cannot be found, deputes shall or by r^afpn of disputes depending in any court of law or be depending equity, or for default of evidence, or otherwise, it shall not spin the courts, pear to the said of what person or persons is or are intitled, or if any mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their mortgage money due 00 the premisses after the sums af- notice given him, her, or them foe that purpose; then, and in ^edre^flrir an<* cvcry cakor it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more of them, to order

i7^5-3 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5a 491

the sum or sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, or as !*y be ©aid shall be due on such mortgage, to be paid into the bank of w* the bank, England in the name of the treasurer of the said of for the time being, and of any three or more of the said of, for the use of the parties interested in the said pre- for the use of miflfes, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to P*1*"

their respective estates and interests in the said premises asnc* the said of, or any five or more of them, shall, by any order to be made by them, direeft.

AVIII. And whereas frequent applications have been made to the of by the inhabitants of particular squares, streets, and places, requesting them to new pave such squares, streets, and places, and take them under the direction of the said of; and offering to lend money at interest upon the rates of such squares, streets, and places: and whereas it is apprehended, That if the inhabitants of particular squares, streets, and places, or others, would raise among themselves such competent sum and sums of money as would be sufficient to new pave such particular square, street, and place, or streets and places, it would be a means of greatly forwarding the feve-, ral works under the direction of the said of; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Where the in-and may be lawful to and for the inhabitants of any particularity1 square, street, or place within the liberty, parishes, and places, culariquareor comprised in the said former acts, or this act, or any or either street mall of them, or any other person or persons whatsoever, to raise raise acompe- from time to time such competent sum or sums of money ^Jh^new jw-shall be sufficient to new pave such particular square, street, or "hereof; -place, so as three fourths of the owners and occupiers of houses and shall con-in such particular square, street, or place, shall be willing and sent to put the contenting to the new paving, and putting the same under the [h^dheaioa -direction of the of; and such Turn and sums of mo- of^h^com^ ney, when so raised, shall be paid to the said of, or missioners, any three or more of them, or to their treasurer or treasurers and pay in the for the time being, or to such other person or persons as the said im«y of, or any three or more of them, shall direct andco appoint; and which money, when so paid and received, shall be deposited in the bank or England* and thence issued and applied by the said of, or any three or more of them, for new paving such particular square, street, or place: and it the coramif-shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or 2npC^vw^the any five or more of them, by any writing or writings under rateTaTsTfe-their hands and seals, to assign over and convey the rate or rates, curity for re-assessment or assessments, of such particular squarer street, and payment of place, and as a security for the repayment of the sums so raised -

and received for the purposes aforesaid, with legal or lower in- m*terest for the same; and also to lay such further rate as may be necessary for the purposes of cleansing, lighting, and keeping in repair, such particular square, street, or place 5 and the treasurer or treasurers for the time being to the said of Treasurer to shall, from time to time, keep the accounts of receipts and dif- kc*P a leP*-

burse-r - ccount

menu, other transactions relating to such fan are or place.

Surplus money to be placed out at interest, till it amount to a competent sum for paying one or more creditors.

The inhabit-

492 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1765.

of the receipts bur fements, and other business and transactions relating to such and disburse- particular square, street, or place, separate and distinil from the ments. and other account$ an(j transactions of the of: and if any sum or sums of money shall at any time remain, over and above what shall be sufficient to new pave such square, street, or place, and pay the interest of the sums raised and received, luck sum or sums mall be applied towards paying off the sum or hinu of money so borrowed as aforesaid; and for that purpose may be placed out at interest on government securities, in the max of any three or more of the commissioners for the time being, at such times and in such manner as the said coounissioners, a any three or more of them, shall direct or appoint, till the hex shall amount to a competent sum for paving one or more creditor or creditors lending money on such particular (quart, street, or place.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the as-ants to bepre* thority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall ex-vened inor- tenc*» or to extend, to authorize or impower the

der to'give &id of to new pave any such particular square, street, their aifent or or place, upon application to them by the inhabitants thereof as dissent to such aforesaid, unless one month's notice at the lead of such applka-measur. tien shall be published in the London Gazette, requiring the owners and occupiers of houses in such particular square, street, or place, to meet at the time and place in such notice to be mentioned, to signify their assent to, or dissent from, the new paving such particular square, street, or place, as shall be (penned in such notice 5 and also unless notice in writing shall be left at every house, then occupied in such particular square,

street, or place, one month at the least before the time of such meeting; and also unless three fourths of the owners and occupiers of houses in such particular square, street, or place, IhaS consent thereto in writing under their respective hands; and in case any owner or occupier shall negleil to attend such meeting, tendTdcemed according to such respective notices, he or she so negieding,

to assent. Oiall be deemed to have given his or her assent to the new paring

such particular square, street, or place as aforesaid.

Where the oc-

XX. Provided always, That where the occupier of any house cupier shall within any such particular square, street, or place as aforesaid, have atermof (ha]j have at jcaft a term Of fCVcn years unexpired therein at the TOoreTunex- ^mc not, ccs g*vcn 35 aforesaid, or any longer tens,

pired, his af- that then, and in every such case, the assent of the owner of (bch sent only is house shall not be necessary to be had or obtained for the pw-neceflaryp0fe aforesaid; and where the occupier of any house within any (haai'nothave such particular square, street, or place, as aforesaid, shall not such term, have such term therein, at the time such notices shall be given the person un- as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, the person upder der Whom wh°in such occupier holds shall be deemed to be the owner his dStSSe* thereof for the purposes aforesaid 5 and every such person may, dissent to the as well as the occupier of such house, attend the meetings purview paving, suant to such notices aforesaid, and give his, her, or their af-lent to, or dissent from, the new paving such particular fiju^re,

Person s neglecting to at-

1

493

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50.

street, or place, as shall be expressed in such notices respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, £ntry to^"That copies of alignments and conveyances made in or by vir- made of all tue of and in pursuance of this act, shall be entered in a book assignments or books to be kept for that purpose by the treasurer or clerk to an<* convey-the said of; and all and every oerson and persons to ancc8# whom any such assignmentor conveyance mail be made as afore- Method of af-laid, is and are hereby impowered, from time to time, by af-ligament under his, her, or their hand or hands, and to be indorsed on the back of his, her, or their security, or by any other writing or writings, which shall be executed in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their right to the principal or interest money thereby secured to any person or persons whomsoever; all which assign- Assignments ments or transfers shall be produced and notified to the said trea- to be oroduc-iurer or clerk within thirty days after the date thereof, who shall «d and notifi-cause an entry of such assignment or assignments, containing day7to the10 f the date, names of the parties, and sums of money therein treasurer or mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said book or clerk, and an 1 books to be kept for entering the said original assignments and cnt*T h*

conveyances, for which the treasurer or clerk shall be paid the paying { sum of two shillings and six pence, and no more; and which a*76d.*5 1 laid book or books shall and may at all seasonable times be pe- Books of ea-5 rufed and inspected without fee or reward by any person orper- y,"*7 be in-fons interested in such security or securities, assignment or assign- fp^edgrami, ments; and after such entry made, such assignment and transfer shall intitle such assignee, his, her, and their executors, admi- and assign-nistrators, and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and such assignee may in such manner assign or trans- quotus.

( fer again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the power of any persons who shall have made such assignment or transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereon due.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in, 0t[o extend the said former acts, or this act, contained, shall extend, or be to places pa*-, conlhuod to extend, to any place or places which are paved, ed, cleaned, cleansed, and lighted, under any particular act or acts of par- °/ lighted.un-lomem.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The charges when any defective or bad pavement shall be mended, altered, of repairing or repaired, by the order or direction of the said of, pa^.nentsbe-or any three or more of them, by virtue of the powers given by ^uTes occu-the act passed in the third year of ht9 present Majesty's reign, pje<i ^y am-and which shall adjoin to, or belong to, any lands, houses, (hops, bafladorsor warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, or any part or foreign minis-parts thereof, within the said city and liberty, parishes and tcr*» places, comprized in the said last recited act, which shall, at

any time from and after the passing this act, be occupied or held by any ambassador or minister from any foreign prince or state, or other person or persons not liable by law to pay the charges and expences of such amending, altering, or repairing; that 1 v then,

A

494-

are to be paid by the of, who are to be reimbursed by the owners j

and they may bring an action for the same.

Commissioners may order monies for the charges of such works to be ifined accordingly.

All writings lobe tax-tree.

Comitiifiioners recovering In any action brought by them.

are to have double costs.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. f

then, and in every such case, the charges and expences thorn shall be paid by the said of, who shall be reimburse: and paid the same by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars vaults, or other tenements respectively; and in case of non-paymcc! thereof, within ten days next after notice in writing to be sea-ed by the clerk to the said of for the time being, hr order of the said commissioners, or any three or more of theta, and annexed to a copy of the hill, containing an account of tk expence of such repairs, given or left at the last or most ufo* place of abode of such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, to pay the lame; or in case such respective place of abode shall not be known, then within ten days^ext after such notice in writing, signed as aforesaid, shall he affixed on same conip-cuous part of such land, or left for such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, with any person or persons in such boric (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement respectively, the said of, or any three or more of them, shall and may, if thogjbink proper, bring, or cause to be brought, any action or adtou?, in the name of their treasurer for the time being, against any such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, for such charges and expences; in which action or actions no (bin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any three or more of them, to issue money, or cause the same to be 10ued, for payment of bills for any work or works that has or have been ordered to be done and performed by such a nqmber of of as is directed by any of the said former acts, upon such work or works being so done and performed.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no nomination, appointment, order, contract, bond, warrant, precept, judgement, conviction, assignment, indorsement, transfer, or other writing whatsoever, under the hand and fad, or hands and seals of, or only signed by, any commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or under the hand and seal, or hands and fealso^ or only signed by, any other person or persons whatsoever, relating to the execution of this act, or the said two last recited acts, shall be charged or chargeable with any duty whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or actions shall be brought by order of the said of, or any three or more of them, against any person or persons whatsoever, for the recovery of any money or monies laid out or expended by the said catfmissionerst by virtue of the said three former acts, or of this act; and a ventid shall be had and given against such person or persons agrinft whom such action or actions shall be brought; faeh person or persons shall pay double costs; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs ht

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 495

such action or a&iqns, shall have such remedy and remedies for recovering the same, as any plaintiff or plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their costs, in any other cases by law.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Person* ag-authority aforesaid, That ir any person shall think himself ag- graved raaj grieved by any thing done in pursuance of this act, and for which 1I0 particular method of relief hath been already appointed, such 2n*, person may appeal to the justices of the peace at any quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint shall arise and within three months after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen; such appellant. first giving, or caufipg to be given, twenty one days notice at If^uch^teSL, the feast in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal tj0llf and of the mattes thereof, to the clerk or treasurer to the said of; and within two days after such notice, entering and entering into recognizance before some justiteof the peace for ftieh coun- into a recog-ty or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such mzance* appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by thejudices at such quarter sessions: and the said justices to judices at such sessions, upon due proof of such notice being hear and degiven as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, pYaTsTnafuin-Shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such, ary way. appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said judices shall think proper; and the determination of such quarter sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalties and said. That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed (the forfeiture* manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby other- how to be wife particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by dif-^p*££am4 tress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant pp under the hand and seal of such judice of the peace for the said

county of Middlesex, or the city and liberty of Westminster, as the case may be, which warrant such judice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath (which oath such judice is hereby impowered to administer) and the penalties and forfeitures - when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whose goods and chattels shall be so didrained and fold (the charges of such didrefs and sale being fird deduced) shall be paid to the treasurer to the said of for the time being, and be applied towards the purposes of this act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, proceedings That no proceeding to be had touching the ooftviction of any not to be offender or offenders against this act, or any order made, or quarticd for other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or relating to lemovea- the execution of this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of blefy Corti* form, or be removed by Certiorari> or any other writ or process eran.

496 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [ c 705.

whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at IFejl-minster; any law or statuteto the contrary fiotwithstanding. Limitation of

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actiont. That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, until, twenty one days notice shall be thereof given in writing to the clerk ortreasurer to the said of, or after sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after the fact committed, for which such action or actions, suit or suits shall be so brought \ and all such actions and suits shall be laid and tried in the county or place where such matters and things respe«5five-ly shall be committed or done, and not in any other county or place; and that the defendant or defendants in such actions and General issue ^u^ts* every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon j and that the matter or thing for which such action or actions, suit or suits shall be (o brought; was done in pursuance and by the authority of this a St: and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such action or suit was brought before twenty one days notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or ptace than as aforesaid; then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and if a verdict or verdict's shall be found for such defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or actions, suit or suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of such action or actions j, or if, upon any demurrer or demurrers in such action or actions, judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, such defendant Treble costs. or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cotts, in any other cases by law*

CAP. LI.

An act for repealing several laws relating to the manufaSnre of woollen cloth in the county of York, and also so much of several other laws as prefer ties particular standards of width and length of such woollen cloths, and for substituting other regulations of the cloth trade within the west riding of the said county, for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth, and for preserving the credit of the said manufacture at foreign tnarkets.

T T J H E Jl E A S an act was made in the seventh year of the reign citfnraJt of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the 7 Aune. 4.better ascertaining the lengths and breadths of the woollen doth

made

497

17^5.] Anno quintd Georgii III.

ri made in the county of York; and whereat another aP of parlia- merit was made and passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late q f

Majesty King George//; Fir/ly intituled An act for the better re- 11 C0' f*

gulating the manufacture of cloth in the west riding of the county of York: and whereas another at? of parliament was made and passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George 7 Geo. a# the Second, intituled An act to explain and amend an act passed In the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First intituled An act for the better regulating the mariufaftiirt af cloth in the west riding of the county of York: and whereas another act of parliament was made and passed in the fourteenth^4«

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second\ ihtitul-

edy An act for continuing an act passed in the seventh yeat of the reign of his present Majesty, To explain and amend d former act passed {in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First* for the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the west riding of the county of York, and fot making the said acts more effectual; which said federal acts of parliament, notwithstanding the many good provisions and directions therein contained, have n ever theless been found by experience not to hi 1 effectual for the preventing the frauds9abufesy and deceit r, which are frequently used and praftifedin the manufa fture of wodllen cloth within the west riding of the said county of York, particularly in thi unreasonablefretching andframing the said cloths; which ill practices tend very much to the debasing, undervaluing, and discrediting of the said manufacture, both at home and in foreign i parts beyond the seas, where great part thereof hath beert ufu-i ally vended; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords i spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the^i said several recited acts of parliament of the eleventh year of his cjtcj

I late majesty King George the First, and of the seventh and four- pealed.

I teenth years of his late majesty King George the Second, and i every clause, matter, and thing, therein respectively contained,

I and so much of all and every other act or acts heretofore made as relate to tht ascertaining the length, breadth, or weight, of woollen cloths, within the (bid west riding of the county of York, j shall, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be repealed.

II. And, for preventing frauds, deceits, and abuses, for the justice* toepy [ future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justi- point tearch-I ces of the peace for the said west riding of the county of York, !rs and j (not being dealers in woollen cloth, or occupiers of any fulling furers' j mill) at their next quarter sessions of the peace, to be holden for I the said riding, next after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or at some adjournment of the same, and at their general quarter sessions of the peace,

I to be holden next after Eafer yearly, shall and may, and they

\ are hereby authorized and required to choose and appoint so

Ipany men, of good charter and repute, within the said rid-t Yqv.XXVI. Kk in

498 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1765.

ing, (being person following, or having been brought up in the manufacture of woollen cloth in the said riding, and being under the age of sixty years) as they shall think convenient, to besearchers and measurers of cloth within the said riding, and to appoint and Ration such measurers and searchers so to be chosen, at such mills and other places, and in such manner as to the said ju Rices, at their general or adjourned feRions, shall seem meet and convenient5 and shall and may allien, allow, and appoint, to the said searchers and measurers. To appointed, such yearly salaries, as the said juRices, at their said general or adjourned Teutons, or the major part of them, shall think proper. fcarcher»Cshall HI. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said measure and feuxhers and measurers as shall be appointed to, or Rationed at, seal, any mill or mills within the said riding, shall and may, and they

are hereby authorized and directed, at their respective fulling mills, where they shall respectively be Rationed or placed, to measure all the cloths, and ends or half cloths, which shall be there milled respectively, at the respective times, and in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, such cloths or ends as shall be Rreamed or washed in the goit or mill Rream of the said mills respectively, shall be measured within fix, and not sooner than four hours after the same shall be Rreamed or washed; and such cloths or ends as shall not be so Rreamed or washed, shall be measured within four hours after the lame Riall come out of the Rock; and every such searcher and measurer shall affix, or cause to be affixed, on one end of every such cloth, before it shall be carried from the miH* a seal of lead, to be furnidled and provided by the maker of such cloth, and shall rivet the seal, so to be affixed by him on every such cloth, and Ramp, in words and figures, plainly to be read and distinguished, upon the seal or rivet, his name, and the length and breadth of every such cloth, together with the number of each of such cloths, milled at such lulling mill successively, beginning at the time of his entering to his said office with number one, and proceeding progressively, until the twenty fifth day of March then next ensuing; and on the said twenty fifth day of March then next ensuing, and on every succceding twenty fifth day of March, beginning again with the same number one, and proceeding progressively in numbers, during the year then ensuing; and immediately after the said cloth mall be measured, feaTed and Ramped as aforesaid, the said searcher and measurer, measuring and Ramping the same, Hull enter in a book, to be provided by the treasurer, and kept by such searcher or measurer for that purpose, the name and place of abode of the maker of every such cloth, and the colour or fort of such cloth, together with the length, breadth, and number on the seal -y and shall give, at the leafi once in every month, to the supervisor within whose diRridt the said mill Riall be situate, an account of all the cloths milied, measured, and Ramped at such mill during such inonth, and the owner or maker of such cloth shall pay to the

fa.d

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 499

laid searcher and measurer, for measuring and sealing of such cloth, the respective sums following j videlicet,

For the leal of every whole or long cloth, containing in length an(j w|, at^thirty five yards or upwards, the fun^of Ax pence. be paid for

And for every end or half cloth, containing less than thirty the same, and five yards, and more than thirty yards in length, the sum of how »ppfi«d. four pence.

And for every end or half cloth, containing less than thirty yards in length, the sum of three pence.

<Which said sums shall be accounted for and paid by such searcher or measurer, to the treasurer of the west riding for the time being, to be applied for such purposes as are herein after directed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Penalty 04 said. That if any searcher or measurer shall neglect or refuse to searchers measure and (lamp any such cloth, end or half cloth or to give

such monthly account, or give a false or fraudulent account of the cloths by him measured and stamped as aforesaid, such searcher or measurer, being thereof legally convicted on the oath ! of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay the fumr of twenty shillings, one moiety whereof shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the treasurer for the said riding; and for the second offence shall forfeit or lose his office or place, and be for ever after rendered incapable of being appointed a searcher or measurer of woollen cloth.

V. And be it further enacted, That no cloth maker shall take Makers not away his cloth from any such fulling-mill, in case the same hath to take cloths

: been dreamed or washed, before the same hath laid six hours af- from thr mills ter it hath been so dreamed or wallied, or before such cloth [ hath lain four hours after it has come out of the (lock (in case

it shall not be washed or dreamed) unless such cloth shall be 1 sooner measured and damped in manner hereby directed, by the searcher or measurer, at the mill where such cloths shall respectively be milled or fulled; and if any cloth maker shall take a-! way his cloth from the mill before the same shall be so measured and damped, or before the sum of money, hereby directed to be 1 paid for the measuring, sealing, and damping thereof, be duly paid and satisfied, or shall take away his cloth after nine of the clock in the evening, or before five of the clock in the morning, unless the same shall be measured and damped j every person so offending in any of the said cases, and being thereof convicted ! upon the oath of such searcher or measurer, or of the inspector or supervisor herein afterdiredled to be appointed, or of any other credible witness, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said riding, or any corporation within the same (such justice or justices not being traders or dealers in the woollen ma-aufassure, or farmers or occupiers of a fulling-mill) every per-K k 2 son

5<*>

Cloths to be sealed before they are put upon the tenters.

Justices to appoint mipec-ton of falling nil!*.

who are to conform to the rules of the general u waiter sessions, and to take an oath.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51.'tf7^5

son so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and p*y the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied and recovered in such manner as is herein after mentioned, and to be applied and disposed of in manner following; that is to say, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the treasurer of tie west riding of the county of York.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every maker of cloth, commonly called Brtad Chek % within the said riding, after every cloth, end or half cjoth^! shall be brought from the fulling mill, and before the same shall be put upon the tenter, shall measure the lame, and shall affix, or cause to be affixed, on the other end of every such cloth, oce j other such seal of lead, and shall rivet the same, and damp upon such seal or rivet, in figures plainly to be seen and distinguished, the length and breadth of every such cloth.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace for the said west riding of the county of York, (not being dealers in woollen cloth, or occa-

Eiers of any fulling mill) at their quarter sessions of the peace to e holden for the said riding next after the twenty fourth day oc June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or at fotne adjournment of the same, and at their general quarter sessions or the peace to be holden after Easter yearly, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to chuse and appoint so many men, of good character and repute, within the said riding, not exceeding twelve in number, to be inspectors of aO cloths, called Broad Woollen Cloth, and the workftiops, tenters, tenter grounds, and warehouses of the merchants or dreflen where any such clpths, made and milled within the said riding, shall be areffed or tentered, and to appoint and station the fax! inspectors to inspect and examine such and so many work-shops, tenter grounds, tenters, and warehouses, and in such districts, towns, parishes, or places, and in such manner, as to the hid justices, at their general or adjourned sessions, or the major part of them, shall think proper j and also the said justices, at their said sessions, shall and may, and they are hereby directed to chuse and appoint such and so many men of good repute, within the said riding, not exceeding four in number, to be supervisors of the several fulling mills within the said riding, and of the conduct and behaviour of the several searchers and measurers appointed and stationed at such mills respectively, and of all cloths called Broad Woollen Cloth, and the workshops, tenters, tenter grounds, and warehouses, of the merchants or dressers where any such cloths made and milled within the said riding, shall be milied, dreffect, or tentered, and of the condutft and behaviour of the several inspectors so to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid; and to appoint and station the said supervisors respectively in such distridb, towns, parishes, or places, in such manner as to the said justices, at their general or adjourned sessions, or the major part of them, shall think proper, in order to prevent the salic stamping and undue stretching of woollen

cloths.

7^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51# 501

doths, and to enforce the due observation of this act; and shall and may assign, allow, and appoint, to the said inspectors, such yearly or other salaries as the said justices, at their quarter sessions to be held next after the twenty fourth day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or at the said general or adjourned sessions to be held yearly after Ea/ler, or the major part of them, shall think proper; provided that no such salary shall be less than twenty pounds for one year, nor less in proportion for part of a year; and also shall and may, at the same times, assign, allow, and appoint, to the said supervisors, such yearly or other salaries, as they shall think proper and convenient; provided that no such salary shall be less than forty pounds, and ten pounds more if their duty require them to keep a horse, to one supervisor for one year, nor less in proportion for part of a year; and all and every such searcher and measurer, inspectors and supervisors, before he or they shall enter uporv the duty of his or their said office, shall severally and respectively take the following oath, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said riding; that is to say,

1A.B. do swear. That I will well and truly, to the best of my The oath. skill and power, execute the office of a searcher and measurer, or \ an inspector or supervisor (as the case may be) of woollen cloth x within the west riding of the county of Y ork.

So help me GOD.

1 VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Suoervifors to 1 That the said supervisors so to be chosen and appointed shall, visit mills and and they are hereby required to be daily employed in visiting tenter [ the several and respective mills, tenters, tenter grounds, work grouiui'*

; (hops, and places, within the respective districts allotted to them'as aforesaid, where any such cloths shall be milied, dressed, or 1 tentered, and shall, o.ut of the number of cloths which shall come under their several and respective inspetftions, measure and mark with a seal of lead, whereon shall be impressed or damped the name of such supervisor, so many of such cloths as they conveniently can, or their time will allow, and shall keep a regular and distinct account of such dtbths as they shall severally examine, measure, and mark, and shall transmit the same, together with the accounts by them respectively received from the searchers and measurers at the several mills within their respective districts, to the justices of the peace, at every quarter sessions held for the said riding; and if any of the said inspectors or supervisors shall be negligent or remiss in his duty, or shall transmit a false account of the cloths by him or them respectively measured and marked as aforesaid, such inspector or supervisor shall forfeit and lose his office.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said in-speflors or supervisors shall find any cloth or cloths fa illy (lamp-cd by any of the measurers or searchers, above two inches in if tb'ev^nd^ breadth, or abpve one yard in length, such inspector or super- cloth t; «itty

K k 3 \ifor Aan*p*d.

50. Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1765.

tifor shall, within seven days after the same shall be dHomitd, give information thereof to one of his Majesty's justices of the peace within the said riding (not being a dealer in woollen doth, 1 or occupier of any fulling mill) and on conviction of such ton* surer or searcher, before any such justice of the peace as aforesaid, such searcher or measurer shall forfeit and pay, for even such offence, the sum of ten shillings, to be recovered as anyo- ther penalty is hereby directed to be recovered; one moieq \ whereof shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to [

the treasurer for the said riding.

X.'Provided always, and be it further enacted by the audio-

How kjPfc- rity aforesaid, That if any person, who shall be to appointed, ap^inted in^a searcher and measurer, or an inspector or supervifar d\ cat of death, doth, shall happen to die, during the year in which he is lb ap- ( (cc.'pointed, or shall be removed or displaced from his said office, or shall by sickness, or any other accident, be rendered incapafck of executing the said office, that then, and in*any of the U cases, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such justices a the peace as aforesaid, living near to the place where such.feaith-er and measurer, inspector or supervisor, did or shall reside, to appoint some other proper person, properly qualified, to supply the place of such searcher and measurer, inspector or fiipervifr, until the next Easier sessions, to be there, by the major part ci such justices present, confirmed, or another person appoinredii his place 5 or in case of sickness, or other accident, during the sickness or incapacity of such searcher and measurer, inspector or supervisor; and the person so confirmed or appointed shall tab the same oath, and be invested with the same powers, and liable to the same penalties for any breach or neglect of duty, as the searchers and measurers, inspectors or supervisors, reipedifdf elected or to be elected at the Easier sessions, by virtue of this act, are or ought to be.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every such inspector or fa-pervisor, from time to time, as occasion shall require, in the daytime, to enter into any (hop or (hops, out-house or out-houfas tenter grounds or ware-house of any merchant or merchants, dresser or dressers, or any other dealer in cloth, or any Mtoj mill, or any out-house or out-houses, or other places belonging thereto respectively, within the said riding, to search for an/ woollen cloth, which he shall suspect to be falsely or unduly stamped, orbeftretched or drained more than is allowed by this act, or any alteration made in the seal or seals, contrary to the direction, true intent and meaning of this act; and for the better difeoming of such abuse, to measure, or cause to be measured, any such cloth; and in case of resistance or refusal by any person, to permit and suffer such inspector or superri/ar to enter the said places, or any of them, for the purposes aforesaid, the person so refilling or refusing shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, on conviction thereof before any such justice of the peaces and if such inspector or inspectors shall at any time find

any

Jpfpc&ors to enter (bops where they shall suspect any undue stamped or stretched cloths.

5°$

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51;

any woollen cloth, after the times herein directed for sealing the same, without the seal or seals hereby directed to be put thereon, or such seal or seals defaced, counterfeited, or altered, except it

shall appear that such seal or seals was or were accidentally loft or roalieiously taken off, or that any of such cloths appear, by the lowed of the marks, damps, or seals, to be over stretched or (trained, either in breadth or length, beyond the dimensions allowed of and provided for by this present act, or that the name and place of abode of the maker of such cloths shall be cut out or altered; in such case the owner of such cloth, or the person Penalty on in whose custody such cloth shall be found, shall, for every such offenders, offence, forfeit not exceeding the sum of five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That'nothing herein contained proviso. shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any power or authority to such inspector or inspectors, to be appointed pursuant to this act, to search and examine such cloths as shall be pressed and packed up for exportation.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the make^regula-peace for the said west riding, or the major part of them, at dons.*their general quarter sessions of the peace to be held yearly after Eajier, and they are hereby impowered to make and issue such further orders and directions, to the several officers to be appointed by virtue of this act, for the more effectual execution thereof, as to them shall seem meet; all which regulations, or-, ders, and directions, the several searchers, measurers, inspectors, and supervisors, so to be appointed, shall, and they are hereby required to obey and perform.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the merchant or buyer of any chants IbfocCf such cloth shall have cause to suspect the real and true lengths frauds, they and breadths of such cloth not to be the same as damped upon may wet the such seal or seals, such merchant or buyer shall and may, for £, oths* and.proef thereof, have the liberty, within six weeks next after his buying the fume (if such cloth shall not before then have been the inspector. raised, dressed, or dyed) and upon two days notice given in writing to all the parties, who tneafured and damped the said cloth, to put Cuch cloth into cold water, for any time not exceeding four hours, and, immediately after the same shall be taken out of the water, to cause the same to be measured by some sworn inspector or supervisor of cloth in and for the said riding; and if, upon such admeasurement last mentioned, there shall be found a less or smaller quantity of cloth in length or less or smaller quantity in breadth, in more than one half part of the length thereof than is mentioned on any of the seals affixed to such cloth; in every such case the searcher, mcasurer, or supervisor, who measured and damped the said cloth, being convicted of having wilfully and knowingly affixed such false and fraudulent seals to such cloth, upon the oath of the inspector or supervisor who last measured the said cloth as aforesaid, or of

JC k 4 any

1

5°4

Penalty on tgQviction.

Where false Teals are, found, the fnfpe&or is to fix new Teals, which are to be the rule of payment for -£li£ cloths.

Treasurer to deduct money forfeited out of rnf pe/stor* salaries.

persons charged with frauds may examine the cloths in the merchant's hands,

&C, '

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 5c.

[176:

*ny Other credible witness, before one or more such justice a justic$$ of the peace for the said riding, or any corporation within the same (not being dealers in woollen cloth, or occupiers ci any fulling mill) shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the rsfpective penalties and fiuns following*that is to say.

For two inches in breadth, or one yard in length, that fad cloth shall fall Short of the measure stamped and marked on the seals thereto affixed, the sum of five shillings; and

For every other inch in breadth, or yard in length, lb over* stamped, the futp of ten shillings.

The said penalties, after deducing the reout the cods aid charges of such prosecution and conviction, to be paid and applied as follpws; videlicet, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the treasurer of the west riding of the said county of York, for the purposes herein after-mentioned.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all such cases, upon such second admeasurement of any nich clotfies as aforesaid, where any of the seals affixed shall k found not to contain the just lengths and breadths of such cloths, then, and in every such case, the inspector or fupei visor, whe, upon such information and complaint as aforesaid, measured the same, shall affix on every such cloth new seals, to be made and fixed as aforesaid, which shall contain the true lengths ani breadths of the said cloth, and that the length and number of yards, by such inspector or supervisor so damped on such fa's as aforesaid, shall be the rule of payment for such cloth by the merchant or buyer thereof, favconly that such merchant or bum (in order to discourage the vending or exposing to sale or any such cloth with such defective and fraudulent seals) shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and impowered, to deduct wnd retain to himself, out of the price of such cloth, upon which the maker, searcher, measurer, or supervisor thereof shall have fixed such defective and fraudulent seals as aforesaid, the value or amount of so many yards thereof, out of the number of yards in length so stamped upon such seals by such inspector or supervisor who last measured and damped the same as aforesaid, 2s the said cloth shall fall Short in inches of breadth, or yards in Jength, of the length and breadth respectively expressed on |he former fraudulent seal lb affixed by the maker.

XVI. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to ar>d for the said treasurer to ctadudland detain the sums of money to be forfeited by the searchers and meifurers, inspectors and supervisors respectively, out of the yearly ahriesef such searchers and measurers, inspectors and supervisors respectively, as such salaries respectively shall become due and payable.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every offender or offenders, against whom such information shall be made as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby authorized and impowered, within two days after notice of such information to him or shem given, to go to the fioufe of the merchant, buyer, or

owner

765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. g°i

wher of the cloth in such information mentioned, and request o fee the said cloth, to examine that the crimes and fads so barged upon them be just, and that no frauds have been com- < nitted by the merchant, buyer, or owner of the same; and hat upon the merchant, buyer, or owner of such cloth refilling o permit and suffer such offender or offenders to fee or examine 'uch cloth as aforesaid, such prosecution, so intended to have h>een made against such offender or offenders, shall be at an end and cease; and any conviction to be made thereupon shall be void, and of none effect.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every clothier and maker of such cloth shall, at the time Clothier* to of making thereof, weave or few into the head of the cloth, in^ distinct letters or words, plain to be read, at length, the name"^1^ and place of abode of such clothier and maker; and if any do- bode in the thier or maker of such woollen cloth shall, after the twenty heads of their fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, cloth*, expose to sale any cloth without such seals as before directed, or without such name and place of abode so woven and sewed into such cloth, in words at length, plainly to be seen and read, such clothier or maker, so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, made before any such justice or justices of the peace for the said riding, or any corporation within the same (he being no dealer in cloth, or occupier of any fulling mill) who is hereby authorized to administer the said oath, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every such piece of clorh so by him exposed to sale without such seals as aforesaid, and the sum of forty shillings for every piece of cloth so by him exposed to sale without such name and place of abode so sewed or woven into the same as aforesaid; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall willingly take off, alter, or counterfeit, deface, obliterate, Penalty 0* or cut out, any of the aforesaid seal or seals of lead so fixed and Persons riveted to such end or half cloth, or to such long or whole cloth, counterfeitine or the figures, letters, and words thereon damped, made, or feai, # &ct be- set, or therein woven or sewed, before the cloth be taken off fore doth the tenters and brought to the press, every person or persons so t, con from offending, and every person in whose custody any such cloththe tentcrt* without leals, or with the seals defaced, cutout, or obliterated, as aforesaid, shall be found, being thereof legally convicted, for every such offence shall forfeit not exceeding the sum of five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for every yard ofpa cloth, exceeding the length of fifty eight yards, whether in one milling long cloth, or in two Short cloths or ends, which shall be milled in cloth*, one ilock, at one and the same time; the owner of such cloth or cloths shall pay to the miller of such cloth or cloths, the sum of one half-penny ptr yard, for every yard such cloth (whether confiding of one cloth only, or of two Short clotjis or ends)

shall exceed the length of fifty eight yards, over and above the uiual price for milling*stockful, or fifty eight yards of clorh.

XX. An4

5<*

Justice* to settle disputes between clothier* and millers.

penalty on stretching or {training cloth*.

Owner* of

tenters to measure and mark the lengths of their tenter*.

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1765.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all disputes and demands which shall hereafter arise between the makers of such cloths as aforesaid, and the occupier* of such fulling mills, or their agents or servants, relating to 6c wages for fulling, milling, or scouring, of any such wooifa cloths as aforesaid; shall, in case such occupiers, agents, s servants, desire the same, and the matter in dispute shall not exceed the sum of two pounds, be heard and determined by ok or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, divisice or place, where such disputes or demands shall arise (such js-ftice or justices not being traders or dealers in the woollen n»-tiufacture, farmers or occupiers of a fulling mill) who is and arc1 hereby required and authorized, upon complaint to him cr them mace, to summon the parties, and to hear and examae upon oath, and adjudge such damages, and give such costs, rut exceeding ten shillings, to the party so aggrieved, as in User their discretion shall seem reasonable; and to issue his or tbs: warrant or warrants, to levy such costs and damages by distrds and sale of the goods and chattels of such person or persons who shall refuse, for the space of ten days, to pay such costs or <&-mages by him or them so adjudged. j

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afbrr- J said, That if any person whatsoever, after the twenty fourth day of <*ne thousand seven hundred and sixty five, stud J stretch or strain, or cause or procure to be stretched or drained, any whole or long cloth, or end or half cloth, more than oce yard in length, in every twenty yards of the length thereof, cf J more than one inch in every twelve inches of the breadth thereof (the whole yard in breadth containing thirty six inches onh*, 1 and so in proportion for cloths that are more or less in lengths and breadths, above or beyond the length or breadth of lud cloth, upon the lowed of such stamps or seals, marked, let down, and expressed 5 then, and in such case, every person te offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of onecr more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, shall, for every quarter of a yard in length such cloth shall be overstretched, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings; and for every inch in breadth such cloth shall be overstretched, forfeit and pay the sum ol twenty shillings; which said sums shall be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other penalties are herein directed to be recovered and applied.

XXII. And, for the better and more easy discovery of the undue stretching and draining of cloth, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every owner or proprietor of any tenter or tenters, in the said west riding of the said county of York, shall, and he is hereby required, to measure such tenter or tenters as shall be made use of for tentering of cloth, and to mark or number in figures plain and fair to be seen, the true length of yards (computing thirty seven inches to each yard) of each tenter or tenters, beginning at number one, and so con- t

6 tinuing

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51. 507

tinuing it to the end thereof, marking and numbering each yard dutinctly, plainly, and fairly to be seen, upon the top bar belonging to each tenter, on the forefide thereof j and if any such tenter or tenters shall, after the twenty fourth day of Jane, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, be found not to be measured, and truly marked and numbered as aforesaid, the occupier of such tenter or tenters shall forfeit and pay the (urn of five pounds for each tenter that shall be found not so numbered and marked as aforesaid; such penalty to be levied and recovered as any other penalty is hereby directed to be recovered and levied.

XXIII. And whereas the using of cards made with wire, or

with wire teeth, in dreifing of cloth, hath by experience been ufinK cards found to be very prejudicial to the said woollen manufacture:>JL with now, to the end the said woollen manufacture may be im- wire or win proved as much as possible, be it enacted by the authority afore-tcctb* said. That if any person or persons, within the said west riding

of the said county of York, shall, from and after the twenty fourth day of Jiau, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, sde, or cause to be used, in dressing of cloth, any cards made with wire, or with teeth of iron* or any other metal whatsoever; every such person or persons so using the lame, shall, for every such offence, forfeit forty shillings.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted,

That information upon oath shall be given of the offence* SaUt^pr* mentioned in this act, within the space of twenty days next fecuted, and after such offence shall be discovered; and all and every the of- forfeitures fences in this act mentioned (except such for which any other

remedy is hereby provided) shall be enquired of and determined, and convictions thereon made upon oath of one or more credible witness or whnestes, by any one or more justice or justices of the peace (not being a dealer in woollen cloth, nor occupier of any fulling mill as aforesaid) notice being first given of the charge to the person or persons therewith charged } and that all such penalties and forfeitures as shall or may happen by reason of this act, shall go and be disposed of, one half to the person or persons who shall give information of the offence on which the conviction shall be made, and the other half to the treasurer of the said riding; and if any offender or offenders shall, by the space of ten days next after he or they shall be convicted of any of the offences aforesaid, and have notice thereof to him, her, or them given, at his, her, or their dwelling house, or place of abode, refuse or neglect to pay any forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, by reason of this act, or shall not appeal, as is herein after provided, to the quarter sessions, then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justice or jn-(tices of the peace, before whom such conviction shall be made, or any other justice or justices of the peace for the said riding, or any corporation within the same (not being a dealer in woollen broad cloth, or occupier of any (tilling mill) upon a fxrtificate of such conviction sent to him or them, from the justice

Appeal to the quarter rollons.

£0& Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51.

[176:

dice or justices before whom such conviction was made; and h or they is or are hereby authorized and required to issue out aa or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hand and fed or hands and seals, to the constable of the town or place, a bailiff or bailiffs of the liberties, wapentakes, or limits, wfae such offender or offenders doth or shall inhabit, thereby ccc-manding him or them to levy the same by distrefe and file the offender's goods and chattels, returning the overplus (if be) after paying likewise the charges of such distress and uie, r! the offender or offenders demanding the same; and where: sufficient distress can be found, to commit the offender or or fenders to the house of correction, for any time not exceeds three months.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby farther enafiedh; the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shallfia him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any order or warns made b/ any justice or justices, or upon any conviction befon him or them, in pursuance of this act, such person or peiics may appeal to the next general quarter sessions to be held fa the said west riding of the said county of York, which (half not be held within fourteen days next after the cause of appeal (ha2 arise, giving ten days notice of such appeal to the person or per* Tons discovering the offence on which the conviction was made, and if the justices at the said quarter sessions either confirm or disannul the orders or proceedings of the said justice or justices, they shall allow such costs and charges to the party aggrieve! thereby, as they shall think reasonable; to be levied and paid in such manner, as is usual in cases of appeal from any order a the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose order herein M be final.

Justices, &c,

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That these-to transmit to veral justices of the peace before whom aby conviction shall be the quarter made by virtue of this act, as also the several searchers, mo-hirers, inspectors, and supervisors, so to be appointed, dull, and they are hereby required at the four general quarter feflio» of the peace in and for the said riding, held quarterly in every year, to return and transmit to the justices of the peace assembled at such general quarter sessions, a true and perfect account is writing, of all the convictions to be made pursuant to this act that shall happen within their knowledge, and of all the penal* ties and forfeitures indicted or levied by means or on account thereof, which, by virtue of this act, are made payable to the said treasurer for the time being; and shall, at the same time, pay or cause to be paid to the treasurer for the time being, all and every sum and sums of money by them, or any of them, or for their or any of their use, had or received, for, or on account of any such conviction or convictions, and which by this act are made payable to the said treasurer; and every person and persons neglecting or refuting to return and transmit such account, or to pay, or cause to be paid, such sums of money foby shem received, or in their hands, or any part thereof, for the

sessions accounts of convictions, fcc.

*7^5«] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 51;

space of twenty days next after any of the said sessions, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any two justices of the peace of and for the said riding (not being dealers in cloth, or occupiers of* any fulling mill) shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, over and above the several sums by him or them received, or being in his hands as aforesaid, to be recovered, paid, and applied, in such manner as the other penalties inflicted by this act: are directed to be recovered, paid, and applied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, yhlt aft shall That this act, and all the penalties and clauses therein contain- extend to all cd, shall extend to all woollen cloth which shall be made and woollen milled in the west riding of the county of York; except such c, oth*» narrow woollen cloths as are mentioned and described, and for^doth* which provHion is made in and by one act made in the eleventh are described year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, in aft u Geo. intituled An act for the better regulating of narrow woollen cloths*'

in the west riding of the county of York.

XXVIII. And whereas there is now in the hands of the treasurer of the west riding of the county of York a considerable sum ^Soney now of money, which hath arisen by and out of the duties granted \n the hands by the said former acts for the stamping and measuring of cloth: of the trea-now it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fuj*r ?£the That the said treasurer of the said west riding for the time being, west ndin£-Shall, out of the money remaining in his hands, and which shall hereafter be received by him on account of the duties herein before directed to be paid to such treasurer as aforesaid, in the first place, pay the charges and expences attending the passing this act, and shall afterwards pay and apply the said duties and penalties, as the same shall come in and be received, to the payment of the salaries of the searchers or measurers, inspectors and supervisors of cloth, herein before directed to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, in such proportions, and in such manner, as the justices of the peace of and for the said riding, at their general quarter sessions yearly to be held next after Rafter? shall direct and appoint.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after all the money to be expended in and about mayTncrrease* the obtaining this act, shall be totally paid off and discharged, ordiminifli it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace for the rates, the said west riding, at their general quarter sessions held next after Easter yearly, to make orders for the increasing or diminishing the rates or duties to be paid for measuring, (lamping, and sealing of cloth, so as the same shall never exceed six pence for every such whole cloth, and three pence for every such end or half cloth as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit or action shall be commenced or prosecuted a- Limitation of gainst any person or persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be commenced within fix calondar months next after the fast committed

fio Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 52, -55.

[176;

ted, and not afterwards; and shall be laid, brought, and tried in the county of York, and not elsewhere; and the defendant a defendants in such suits or actions shall and may plead the general ifsite, and give this act, and the special matter, in evideue, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was dan in pursuance of, and by the authority of, this act; and if it fori General issue. appear to be so done, or if any such suit or adtioa shall he brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, a shall be brought in any other county or place; that then tk jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and upon fin vexdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become noofuit, a discontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer jodfr-ment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the <k> Treble coftj. fondant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, aof have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases by law.

[Publick act.]

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. The this a iff shall be deemed, and taken to be, a publick a iff; acd all judges, justices, and other persons, are to take notice thereof as such, in all courts and places whatsoever, without specril-ly pleading the same.

CAP. LII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from tit town of Wadhurst in the county of Sussex, to the tun-pike road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, a in the county of Kent; from the top of Pullen's HiB, through the parishes of Horfmonden, Manden, Yakfen, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the county of Kent.

CAP. LIII.

An act for continuing the terms of fevered, and for giving further powers for repairing the road from Chatteris Ferry, to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives, and also tbt road branching out of the said road near Stocks Bridge through Needingworth, to Earith in the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. LIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Dunham Ferry, to the south end of Great Markham Common, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LV.

An act to continue the teand to vary and enlarge the

1765.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 56^-61.

powers of an act passed in the twenty fifth year of his late Majesty, /or repairing the road from Wallingford in the county of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Faring-don, and also from Wantage to Idson,

so far as the same relate to the road leading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon; and for discontinuing the said term and powers, as the same relate to the road leading from Wantage to Idson, and for repairing the road leading from the north east corner of Nuffield Common, by the parish church </Nuffield, othermife Tuffield, in the county of Oxford, to the commencement of the said turnpike road leading from Wallingford to Wantage.

CAP. LVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry, to Holyhead the county of Anglesey.

CAP. LVII.

An act for continuing the termand altering and enlarging

the powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for amenand keeping in repair, the roads leading from the village of Milford in the county of Surrey, through Petworth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the county of Sussex.

CAPjftLVIII.

An act for repairing, widening and keeping in

ral roads in and near Great Torrington, the county of Devon.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the quay at Limington, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LX.

An act for continuing and rendering more effectuaL, two acts, passed in the twelfth year of King George the First, and the twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Essex and Suffolk i and for repairing and widening several other roads in the counties of Essex and Hereford.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several

5t*

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 62, — ft 765.

ral roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the county d Somerset.

CAP. LXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two thirteenth of George the First, and of the efk

late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from

town of Warminster, in the county of Wilts i fen-mending several other roads near the said town and J*\ repealing so much of an act made in the first year of tk reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several root therein mentioned, in the said county, as relates to the red

within the town of Heytesbury j and for other therein mentioned.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading fromtk turnpike road at Kipping's Cross the parish of Sccna ley, in the county of Kent, through of BrencB-

ley, Horfmonfden, and Goudhurst, by the left hand fid of Iden Green, to the turnpike road on Wilfley Green, it the parish of Cranbrooke j and from a place near Good-hurst Gore, through the parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanlhutt's Green, in the county

Kent,

CAP. LXIV.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in, the road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, it the county of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwaih, to the extent of the said parish of Burwaih, in the fed county.

CAP. LXV.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Ashallows on the Wall, in the city of London; and for rebuilding tk house belonging to the reftor of the said parish and fa purchasing several pieces of ground and tenements therm,

to render the passages to and from the said church ad house more commodious.

CAP. LXVI.

An act to continue the term, and enlarge the of a act passed in the Second year of the reign of his present jesty, for repairing and widening the road from Mullen's

Pood

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 67, — 73* 513

Pond, in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile

Jione from the city of Salisbury, and several other roads in the said act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening several other roads, leading out of the said roads, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for amending the road from the Pinfold Balby,

the county of York, to Worksop, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road at Wrotham Heath,

in the county of Kent, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the county of Surry.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the foulh end

of Newton Abbott to the passage way inKinswear, oppo-r site Clifton Dartmouth Hartness, and from the end of a lane leading out of the turnpike road between Newton Ab-( bott and Totnes, towards Abbotts Kerswell, to Five t Lanes, and from Langvers Barn to the said turnpike road, between Newton Abbott and Totnes, and from

1 Galmpton Warborough to Monks Bridge and Brixham Quay; and from Langvers Barn to the north end of Paington town, all in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Keyberry i Bridge to the passage at Shalldon, and from the said'bridge to the pier or harbour of Torkey, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watt's Cross to Cowden, in the county of Kent.

CAP. LXXII.

1. An act for amending and widening the road from of the Coach and Horses inBirstol, to the turnpike road at Nunbrook; and from Bradley Lane to the town of Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXIII.

1. An act for repairing and widening the road from Great 1 Vol. XXVI. LI Grimsby

5*4

Anno qginto Georgii III. c. 64, -6$.

[1765.

Grimsby Haven, at or near a place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, i» the parish Irby, an county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for enlarging the powers of several acts for repairing the road from Stump Cross Newmarket Heath and the town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other roads adjoining so far as the same relate to the road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers osso much of an made in the twenty /eventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the road from Penn Inn, in the county of Dorset, to the work-house at the east end of the town of Honiton, in the county of Devon, and to the road

from the intrenchment on Askerwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Bcamifter, and for repairing and amending several other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Dorset and Devon.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads, leading from Kidwelly, the county of Carmarthen, and also several roads leading from Llandilo, In the said county.

CAP. LXXVII.

Au ail for enlarging the terms and powers of several acts of the ninth and twelfth years of Queen Anne, and of the thirteenth of King George the First, and of the fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the highways leading from Roy (Ion, in the county of Hertford Wandsford

Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the middle and south dvoifians of the road comprized in the said alls i and for amending the road from the town of Huntingdon to the causeway at or near the west end of the town of Somersham, in the said county of Huntingdon.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in, the

s 765.3 Anmo quinto Gfioftdlt HI. c. 69, — 74.

road from Welford Bridge, in the county of Northampton, through Husband's Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Million Lane, in the town of Leicester.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the third year of his present, for repairing, widening, turning and keeping in, the road from the town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a bridge the river Ouze, at or near aplace called Stietham Ferry, in the county of Cambridge*, and for repairing and widening, and making several other roads, adjoining to the roads direbied to be repaired and widened by the said

CAP. LXXX.

An act for continuing the terms of several a 61$, and forgiving further powers for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the heath, in the county of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the county of Gloucester.

CAP. LXXXL

An act for cleansing and lighting the streets, and passages, within the towns of Manchester and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancaster*, and for providing fire engines and fire-men \ and for preventing annoyances within the said towns.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to enlarge certain powers granted by an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for enlarging and maintaining the harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending and preserving the haven of Sandwich.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for amending the road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and Marsh, to Wisbech Saint Peter's; and from thence to Tid Gote in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downturn Bridge in the county of Norfolk, and for repealing the several acts for repairing the said road between Wisbech and Marsh.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Newcastle under Line to Hafibp, and from Middle Hills to the

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 85, — 87. [1765.

Macclesfield turnpike roadnear Buxton; and the road branching out of the f 'amentioned road at Co-bridge, to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike at Shelton, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the county of Nottingham, to Hainton, in tbt county of Lincoln, and from North Willingham to the north end of the lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge and from the great road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common-, and from the hamlet of Morton to Epworth and from Haxey Field, to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late for repairing the high road from the town of Shrewsbury through Crefiage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muck-ley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgenorth, in the county of Salop; and for amending other roads seer or adjoining thereto.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to amend several acts passed in the fourth and sixth years of King George the and the eleventh and twenty fourth years of King George the Second, for repairing several reads from the Stone's End Kent Street, and

Bermondsey Street, Southwark, to Dartfo rd, and to tbt extent of the par ifh o/Lewisham, next Bromley Beckenham, in the county of Kent and for extending the fad acts to the repair of the roads leading from the end of the present turnpike to the west end Stroud Green, and to Farnborough Well, and to the Stone's End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the north end of Burnt Alh Lane, in the parish of Lee, and from the west end of

Greenwich Park Wall to Woolwich Warren; and far making an allowance out of the tolls arising by the said aSs to the trustees for putting in execution an act of the twenty second year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new road from the east end of, in the parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said road in repair for the future.

17^5.] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 88, — 93.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Barton Wa-terfiaehouse, to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and several other roads in the county of Lincoln, therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXXIX.

yin act for the building a bridge over the river Tay, at or near the town of Perth, in the county of Perth.

CAP. XC.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Allreton turnpike road, near a place called Little Robbins, in the parish of Mansfield, in the county ^Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham turnpike road, near Tanfley, in the county of Derby, and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield turnpike road at Kelftidge, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XCI.

An act for vesting certain glebe, belonging to the rectory of the parish church of Saint Christopher, in the city of London, in the governor and company of the bank of England; and for making a to the rest or of the said parish, and his successors, in lieu thereof, and for

obviating certain doubts in an act passed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late for widening certain streets, lanes, andpajsages, within the city of London.

CAP. XCII.

An act for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarg- ing the term and powers granted by a certain act of parliament, passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for amending several roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the port town, and borough of Minehead, through Dunstan and Timber-fcombe, to Hele Bridge, and through the town Dul-verton, and by the river and Brulhford Green to Exbridge, in the county of Somerset, and from thence to Ba-tham Bridge, in the town of Bampton, in the county of Devon, and also the road leading from the said port town and borough of Minehead, through Carhampton and

Anno quinto Georgii III. c. g4, — 99. [1765.

Billbrooke to Harrow Gate, Stogumber, in the county of Somerset \ and aft the road leading from Carhampton aforesaid, through the town of Watchet, in the farish of Saint Decumans, in the county of Somerset, to or near the village of Rydon, and by Long Cross Bam, to the end of the Bridgewater turnpike, the town of Nether Stowey, in the county of Somerset; from the said town of Watchet to Tower Hill, in the village of Williton in the parijof Saint Decumans, and from the said tetwn of Watchet, by way of Five Bells Fair Cross, and from thence to Stickle Path, over Brendon Hill, to Robery Lane, and to Bampton in the said count] of Devon.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for repairing the church of the of All Saints and Saint John, in the town of Hertford.

CAP. XCV.

An act for repairing and widening the leading from i

street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chil-worth, to the river at Swathling, in the county of Southampton, and for connecting the same with the road kai-ing from the city of Winchester, through Hursley, Chandler's Ford; and from Hursley, to tit

turnpike road at Romsey aforesaid j and also for repairing and widening the road leading from the river at Swathling aforesaid, through Botley, to the turnpike road at Sherril Heath, in the said county p/'Southampton.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Alford to Bolton, and from thence to Cowbridge, the count] of Lincoln.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor yin tie hundreds of Loes, and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk CAP. XCVIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in tit twenty fourth year of his late Majesty, for repairing road /row Cross ford Bridge to Mane heller, and for amending the road from Crofstord Bridge aforesaid, to a certain place in Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chester.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for amending and widening the road, from the city of

*7^5'] Anno quinto Georgii III. c. too, — 104.

York, by Grimston Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimstone Smithy aforesaid, to a certain gate, at the upper end of Garraby Hill, in tie county of York.

CAP. C.

yin a St for repairing and widening the road from Stockport, in the county of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the county of Lancaster, and from the cross, in Afbeon-Under-Linc in the said county of Lancaster, to Doctor's-Lane-Head, in the county of York j and also the road -i ing out of the first-mentioned road, in the township of 1 Bredbury, to Mottrara, in the said county of Chester.

CAP. Cl.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the Little Bridge, over the end of the drain, next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's' Fields, and the Bell Inn in Wif-l beach, in the Isle of Ely, to the sign of the Bear in Walfoken, in the county of Norfolk; and from Walfo-ken Bridge, lying over the same drain, to the said sign of i the Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington, and from thence to the west ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's

Bridge, in the county of Norfolk; and from the east of German's Bridge aforesaid, totbeweftendof Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the borough of King's Lynn, in the said county of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid, to Crofe Keys Wash in the said county.

CAP. CII.

An act for repairing and widening several roads, leading from between the Second and third mile ft ones, on the turnpike road between the town and county of Coole, and Winborn, Minster, in the county of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. CIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty [eventh year of his late Majesty, for,

' ing, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Rat-cliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the county of Middlesex, and other roads in the said aSl mentioned -, and for lighting, watching and watering the said roads.

CAP. CIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty Jixthyear of his late reign, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads

520 Anno quinto Georgii III. c. 105, — 108. [1765.

therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Shepton Mallet and Ivelchester, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing the roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Cross Bottom.

CAP. CV.

An act for repairing and widening the, from the turn-pike road in Banbury, in the county of Oxford, through, Daventre, and Cottefbach, th the end of Mill Field, in the parish of Lutterworth, in the county of\j&-cester. 1

---

CAP. CVI.

An act to continue the term and render more effectual an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the county of Northampton, adjoining to the high road there.

CAP. CVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge, in the borough of Warwick, through Southam, and Daventry, to the town of Northampton.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for amending and widening the road, from the north end of Old Malton Gate, in the town and borough of New Malton; to the town of Pickering, in the county of York.

The End of the Twenty-Sixth Volume.

