The s﻿tatutes at large,

Anno tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the FIRST Seflion of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XLI. PART I.

THE

s﻿tatutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Xnn, Efq."

Reader of the Law Ledture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XLI.

CAMBRIDGE,

PRINTED BY JOHN BURGES PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY j

(By Alignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurflu)

FOR J. JOHNSON, IN ST. PAUL’S CHURCH-YARD, G. G. & J„ ROBINSON, IN PATER-NOSTER ROW, AND D. OGILVY & SON, NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON. I 797-

CUM PRJFILEGIQ.

T  A ,  A B L  E

  O F T H E  

S T  A T U T  E S

PUBLIC K and PRIVATE,    

PatTed Anno tricejimo feptimo

GEORGII III.

Being the Firft Seffion of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain

PUB LICK ACTS.

Cap. I. TT^OR continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-P tain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervicc of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

Cap. 3. For providing an augmentation to the militia to be trained and exercifed in the manner therein directed ; and for enabling his Majesty to caufe the fame to be embodied, in Cafe of neceflity, for the defence of tbefe kingdoms.

Cap. 4. For railing a certain number of men, in the feverai counties in England for the fervice of his Majesty’s army and navy.

Cap. 5. For railing a certain number^of men in the feverai counties, ftewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of ■Great Britain <called Scotland, for the fervice of his Majesty’s army and navy.

Vol. XLI.  a  Cap,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. For enabling his Majesty to raife a provifional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in cafe of neceffity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms.

Cap. 7. To continue for a limited time, and amend an adt made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn and other articles of proviflon, for a limited time, in any j.hips whatever, without payment of duty, and for permitting wheat, wheat flour, and meal, imported in order to obtain the bounties granted by an adf of the lafl feffion of parliament, but which have not been found fit for making bread, to be ufed in the manufacture of ftarch, hair powder, and blue, or in the dif-tillation of low wines and fpirits.

Cap. 8. To continue for a limited time an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for permitting the importation of organzined thrown jilk, flax, and flax feed, into this kingdom, in /hips or vejfels belonging to any kingdom or flats in amity with his Majejiy.

Cap. 9. For granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bills.

Cap. 10. For railing the fum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 11. To indemnify such perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments, and, to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in th&ir qualifications within the time limited by law, and forgiving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or having been ftamped, have been loft or mif-laid, and for allowing them time to provide admiificns duly ftamped; to give further trine to such perlons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors ; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranfmit defcriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Cap. 12. To continue feveral acts, made in the thirty-fifth and thirty-fixth years of his prefent Majelty’s reign, refpedhng the admiffion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the ifluing of orders in council for that purpose, for a limited time.

Cap. 13. To enable the company of proprietors of the Dudley canal navigation, to raife a further fum of money for completing the faid navigation ; and for amending the feveral adts relating thereto.

Cap. 14. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of ex-cife on auctions, bricks, cocoa nuts, Briti/h and foreign fpirits, and tea.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majesty, certain duties of cuftoms,

on

‘3

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coaftwife within Great Britain, except wine and except coals, when brought or carried coaftwife; and for applying the money to arife by virtue of an aft, paffed in the Jafl fellioo of parliament, intituled. An aft for reduction of the draw-hacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation ofjit gar ; towards defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan granted, or flock created,by any aft or afts paffed in the laid feffion ofparliament.

Can. 16. For granting to his Majefly an additional duty on flage coaches.

Cap. 17. For granting to his Majefly certain additional duties on diftilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of Britijh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

Cap. 18. For altering certain rates of poftage for conveyance of letters in England and Scotland refpeftively, and of packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the Britifh colonies in America refpeftively; and for fetting apart at the receipt of the exchequer, for a certain period, out of the revenues of the poft office, the annual fum of forty thousand pounds, towards defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any. Joan raifed, or flock created, by any aft or afts paffed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly.

Cap. 19. For the more effectually fecuring the flamp duties on indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds.

Cap. 20. For extending the time limited by an a61 of this feffion for delivering in navy, victualling, tranfport and exchequer bills.

Cap. 21. Authorifing his Majefly, for a limited time, to make regulations refpefting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 22. To explain and amend an aft, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for providing an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercifed in the manner therein dire ft ed^ and for enabling his Majefly to cauje the fame to be embodied, in cafe of neceffity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms.

Cap. 23. To explain and amend an aft, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for enabling his Majesty to raife a provifional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in cafe of neceffity> for the defence of thefe kingdoms.

Cap. 24. To explain and amend an aft, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifing a certain number of men in the feveral counties in England, for the fervice of his Majefly s army and navy.

Cap. 25. For the better raifing and ordering the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 26. To provide for the more fpeedy payment of all navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, that fhall be iffued in future.

Cap. 27. For allowing further time for the payment ofinftal-ments to become due on certain fums advanced by way ot loan, purfuant to an aft of the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his

a 2  prefent

Hoste 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

prefent Majesty, intituled. An a51 for enabling his Majefly to di-re5i the ijfue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposesy and in the manner therein mentioned; and for granting furthfer relief to perfons connected with and trading to the iilands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 28. To remove doubts refpetding promiffory notes of the governor and company of the bank of England for payment of lurns of money under live pounds.

Cap. 29. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Guinea Forty in the parifh of Saint Breocky in the county of Cornwall y to Dunmeer Bridgey in the parifh of Bodmhiy in the faid county \ and alfo a certain collateral cut from Cotton Woody to or near to Ruthsrn Bridge, in the faid parifh of Bodmin.

Cap. 30. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Grantham canal navigation, to finifh and complete the fame, and the collateral cut to communicate therewith; and for amending the a£l of parliament, pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, for making and maintaining the faid canal and collateral cut.

Cap. 31. To enable the Eajl India company to raife money by further increafing their capital dock, and to extend the pro-vifions now exifting, refpedling the prefent dock of the company to the faid increafed dock.

Cap. 32. To fufpend for a limited time, the operation of two a<5ts of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majedy, for refraining the negotiation of promiffory notes and inland bills of exchangey under a limited fumy within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 33. For punifhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 34. For the regulation of his Majedy’s marine forces while on diore.

Cap. 35. For appointing commiffioners for putting in execution an a£t of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An afi for

granting an aid to his Majejly by a land taxy to be raffed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety -jeven.

Cap. 36. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Merfeyy to make a navigable canal from and out of a certain_branch of their faid navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or near Endony to or near the town of Leeky in the county of Stafford; and allb a refervoir for Applying the ieveral canals of the faid company with water.

Cap. 37. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubje&s of his Majedy’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united dates of Americay to far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid united dates.

Cap, 38. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloath-

~  "  ing

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

Cap. 39. To explain and amend an a<5t, made in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for rafiwg a certain number of men in the feveral counties, fiewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of his Majefys army and navy,

Cap. 40. To allow the banks, and certain banking companies in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to ifiue notes for fums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all perfons who have iffued notes for fmall fums of money in that part of the united kingdom.

Cap. 41. For increafing the rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.

Cap. 42. For altering and amending an apalled in the • eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled,

An aft for paving, clc an fing, lighting, and watching, the town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing encroachments, ob-Jiruftions and annoyances therein; Qnd for continuing the term of certain tolls by the faid aft'granted.

Cap. 43. For building a new chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the parifh of Stoke Damarel, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 44. For amending and rendering more effectual an a6t pa{fed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, for paving, lighting, cleaning, and otherwife improving the town of Ipfwich, in the county of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftrudtions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 45. For confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the reftri£tion contained in the minute of council of the twenty-fixth of February one thousand seven hundred and nir.ety-seven, on payment of cafh by the bank.

Cap. 46. For making certain annuities, created by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, transferrabie, and the dividends thereon payable at the bank of England; and for the better fe-curity of the proprietors of such annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England,

Cap, 47. For difcharging the eftates of John Teldham efquire, from certain demands of the crown, upon the conditions therein mentioned.

Cap. 48. For altering, amending, and rendering more ef-fedtual two a<Sts, made in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for the regulation and improvement of the filheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and dreams running into the fame, and a'lfo within the mouth or entrance of the faid river.

Cap. 49. For repairing, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Eyemouth in the county of Berwick.

Cap. 50. For repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preferving, the harbour of Barmouth in the county of Merioneth.

Cap.- 51. For enabling the company of proprietors of the

a 3  Leicefisr

 CjOO^Ic

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Leiccjler navigation to finifh and complete their feveral works, and to difcharge the debts contra&ed in the making thereof; and for amending an a£t paffed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for making the faid navigation, and feveral other works in such act mentioned.

Cap. 52. For regulating and converting the ftatute labour in the county of Fife; and for more effectually making and repairing the highways within the faid county.

Cap. 53* For carrying into execution his Majesty’s order in council of the third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for an increafe of pay and provifions to the feamen and marines ferving in his Majesty’s navy \ and to amend fo much of an a£F made in the thirty fifth year of the reign ot his prefent Majesty, as enables petty officers and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives, children, or mothers.

Cap. 54. For authorifing the company of proprietors of the Gloucejler and Berkeley canal navigation to vary the line of a certain part of the faid canal, fo as to render the execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and lefs expenfive; and for altering and amending the ad, paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for making the faid canal.

Cap. 55. For taking down and rebuilding the pat'ifh church of Milbrook in the county of Southajnpton, and for enlarging the church yard of the faid parifh.

Cap. 56. To amend an ad made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for building a bridge acrofs the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford in the county of FJere-ford.

Cap, 57. For raifing the fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap. 58. For repairing or rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, in the town of Bridgnorth, in the county of Salop ^ and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

Cap. 59 For guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany, and the regular redemption of the capital to be created thereby ; for enabling the governor and company of the bank of England to retain the lums granted for repaying advances made by them for the publick Tervice; and for repaying to the contributors to the loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, the excels of their depofts beyond the proportional depofits to the faid loans.

Cap. 60. To amend an a£i made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty intituled, An atI for granting to his Majejly certain ft amp duties on indentures of clerkjhips to folici tors and attorniss in any of the courts in England therein mentioned\

Cap.. 61. To revive, amend, and continue for a limited time, an adt paffed in the prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled.

An

 G< gle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

An aft to fufpend, for a limited time, the operation of two afts of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of hisprefent Majefiy^for refraining the negotiation of promiffory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 62. To revive and continue, for a limited time,and amend an a6t, patted in theprefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to allow the batiks and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iffue notes for jums under a certain amount, for a limited time ; and for indemnifying all perfons who have ijjued notes for jmall fums of money in that part of the united kingdom

Cap. 63, For granting to foreign (hips put under his Ma-jefty’s protection, the privileges of prize (hips, under certain regulations and reftridtions; and for allowing aliens in foreign colonies furrendered to his Majesty, to exercife the occupation of merchants or fadtors.

Cap. 64. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons adling as such, in the Weft Indda iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 65. For empowering the juftices of the peace for the county of Middlefex, at their general or quarter feffions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the faid county.

Cap. 66. For revetting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent> in the former proprietors thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 67. To embank and drain the open and unembanked lands and grounds lying between The Dales Head Dyke and the river With am ^ in the feveral towmfhips or hamlets and parifhes of Walcot, Timberland-Thorpe, Dimberland, Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 68. For charging the fen lands and low grounds within the fecond, third, fourth, and fifth diftridts, in the bounds and precindls of Whittlefcy, in the 1fie of Ely, and county of Cambridge, with further taxes, for difcharging the debts incurred by the commiflioners for the faid diftridts refpedtively, under certain a6fs patted in the twenty-fecond year of King George the Second, and in the twelfth year of his prefent Majesty ; and for better improving, fupporting, and preserving, the drainage of the faid lands and grounds.

Cap. 69. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes.

Cap. 70. For the better prevention and punifhment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in his Majesty’s forces by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or difobedience.

Cap. 71. For more effedtually reftraining intercourfe with the crews of certain of his Majefly’s (hips now in a ftate of mutiny and rebellion, and for the more effedtual fuppreftion of such mutiny and rebellion,

a 4  Cap,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 72. For prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoufed for exportation.

Cap. 73. For preventing the defertion of feamen from Britifh merchant (hips trading to his Majesty’s colonies and plantations in the Weft Indies.

Cap. 74. To enable the Eaf India company to pay the ex-pences of two regiments of infantry to be raifed for the defence and protection of the.houfe and warehoufes of the faid company, and for such publick fervices as are mentioned in an ad!, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, inti uled, An aft for*encouraging and difciplining such corps or companies of men as /ball voluntarily enroll tbemfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafts, or for the general defence of the king-do?n during the prefent war.

Cap. 75. To enable his Majesty to draw out and embody the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets in the county of Middle[ex.

Cap. 76. For difallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of fail cloth or cavnas of the manufadture of Great Britain, for a limited time.

Cap. 77. For making the port of San Jofef, in the ifland of Trinidad, a free port.

Cap. 78. For the better regulation and encouragement of pilots for the conducting of (hips and veffels into and out of the port of Liverpool.

Cap. 79. To amend and render more effectual an adl, pafled in the twenty-flxth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An all more effectually to enable the parifdoners of the parifh tf/'Chrift Church, in the county of Middlesex, to pur chafe, hire, or ereCl a workboufe for the employing and maintaining the poor of the faid parifh, and for the more effectual fupport and employment of the poor therein ; and alfo an ad!, pafled in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, for amending the faid firft mentioned ad!; and for enlarging the powers of the faid ad!s, and altering the manner of rating to the poor of the faid parifh, and better effectuating other regulations relative thereto.

Cap. 80. For paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and othcrvvife improving, all such ftreets and other publick paflages, as are or fhai! be made upon a certain piece of ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty fpinffer, fituate in the parifh of Saint Pan eras, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 81. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Merfey, to extend feveral branches of canal from and out of their faid navigation.

Cap. 82. For allowing certain difcounts, to the contributors of eighteen millions raifed by annuities by an ad! of the prefent fefiion of parliament, who fliall have completed their contributions on or before the days therein mentioned.

Cap. 83. To repeal fo much of an ad! pafled in the prefent session of parliament, as prohibits the exportation and permits the importation duty free, of feverai forts of corn, and other articles made thereof.

Cap. 84. To permit goods the produft or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in Britifb or foreign veffels, from any place whatfoever, for a limited time.

Cap. 85. To amend fo much of an a£l made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the relief of debtors, with refpeft to the imprifonment of their perfons; and to oblige debtors, who Jhall continue in execution in frifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the aft, to make difcovery of and deliver upon oath, their ejlates for their creditors benefit, as relates to the weekly fums thereby diredfed to be paid to prifoners in execution lor debt, in the cafes therein mentioned.

Cap. 86. For amending an adt, palled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramfgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleanfing, amending, and preferving, the haven c?/’Sandwich, in the fame county,

Cap. 87. For paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, watering, improving, and keeping in repair, Great Tower Hill; and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances within the fame.

Cap. 88. To alter, amend, and render more effectual, an adl made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intituled, An aft Jor the effectual draining and prefervation of Waterbeach Level, in the county of Cambridge, and to eflablijh an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and jhe commoners within the faid manor; and alfo to raife a further fum of money for the improvement and fecuritv of the faid level.

Cap. 89. To amend and render more effectual an adl, made in the thirty-third year of his late majelly King George the Second, intituled, An aft for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the ifle of Ely and counties 0/ Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River Jouth, Plant Load and Brandon River norths bounded on the wefi by the river Oufc, and on the eaji by Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the hard lands ^/"Milden-hall; and for empowering the governor, bailiff's, and commonalty of the company of ccnfervators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Beford Level, to fell certain fen lands, lying ivithin the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invefted Lands, fo far as relates to the feverai fen lands and low grounds lying in the firfl diflriet de-feribed in the faid a<5l; and alfo, to amend and render more effeClual an adl paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for amending and rendering more effe&ual the laid firfl recited adl.

Cap. 90. For granting to his Majefly certain (lamp duties on the feverai matters therein mentioned, and for better fecuring

the

A T A B L E of the STATUTES.

jthe duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others, praftifingin certain courts of juftice in Great Britain.

Cap. gi. To continue, for a limited time, an aft, made in this prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the refiriftion contained in the minute of council of the twenty-fixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety feven, on payments of cajh by the bank, under certain regulations and reftriftions.

Cap. 92. To continue for a limited time, an aft, made in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for efablifbing regulations refpe fling aliens arriving in this kingdom or refdent therein, in certain cafes.

Cap. 93. To indemnify such perfons who have omnvitted to obtain their certificates of enrolment, ad mi (lion, or regiftry, in the feveral courts of this kingdom.

Cap. 94. To continue an aft, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the pilchard fifhery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 95. To amend two afts, made in the fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the firfl: year of the reign of King George the Firft, for the prefervation of falmon and other fifh in the rivers within the counties of Southampton and Wilts.

Cap. 96. For amending and rendering more effectual an aft, paffed in the thirteenth year of his late majefty. King George the Firfl:, intituled, An aft for the effeftual draining and prefervation of Haddenham Level in the Ifle of Ely; and for more effeftually draining and preferving the fen lands and low grounds lying within the faid level.

Cap. 97. For carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the united dates of America.

Cap. 98* To amend and render more effeftual an aft, made in the tbirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An oft for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price andajflze thereof, and to punijh perjons who Jhall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, fo far as the fame relates to the aftize and making of bread to be fold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange.

Cap. 99. To revive and continue the bounties granted by an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for encouraging the fifheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in Europe; to continue fo much of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, as permits the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandizes, in foreign fhips, into and from the port of Saint John's in the ifland cf Antigua \ and fo much of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, as permits Sir William Bijhop, George Bijhop, and Argles

Bijlopy

/

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Bfoop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidflone geneva; and alio fo much of an a£t made in the thirty-tifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for better fecuring the duties on glafs, as was to continue for a limited time.

Cap, ioo. For extending the Monmouthfoire canal navigation ; and for explaining and amending an a£f, palled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of Ins prefent Majesty, for making the faid canal.

Cap. ioi. For enlarging and improving the harbour of Aberdeen^ for building new quays, wharfs, and docks, and for making new roads and paffages, and widening others leading to and from the faid harbour.

Cap. 102. For granting to his Majesty additional duties, on diftilleries in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scotland herein particularly defcribed, for a limited time ; and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in the refpe&ive diftriCls in Scotland.

Cap. 103. To raife and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 104. For regulating the fhipping and carrying of Haves in Britijh veftels from the coaft of Africa.

Cap. 105. For granting to his Majesty feveral additional duties on inhabited houfes.

Cap. 106. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain horfes before charged with a duty of two (hillings by an a<51 of the thirty-ftxth year of his piefent Majesty’s reign, and on mules.

Cap. 107. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on male fervants.

Cap. 108. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on clocks and watches.

Cap. 109. To amend an a£f, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled. An atI for the encouragement offearnen, and for the better and more effectually manning bis Majejlys navy, and for . making further proviiion for thole purposes.

Cap. 110. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of cuftoms on certain goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried coaftwife; and on pepper to be ufed and confumed in this kingdom.

Cap. hi. For granting to his Majesty an additional ftamp duty on deeds.

Cap. 112. For the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

Cap. 113. For granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

Cap. 114. For mailing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-feven.

Cap. 115. For granting to his Majesty the fum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be iftued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the

account

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

account of the commiffioners for the redu&ion of the national debt.

Cap. 116. For making allowances in certain cafes to fubal-tern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap, 117. For regulating the trade to be carried on with the Britijh pofteftions in India, by the fhips of nations in amity with his Majesty.

Cap. 118. For regulating the height between decks of velTels entered outwards for the purpose of carrying Haves from the coa ft of Africa.

Cap. 119. To repeal fo much of an a<ft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majesty* s plantations and colonies in America, as makes negroes chattels for the payment of debts.

Cap. 120. Further to continue an acft, made in this prefent feftion of parliament, intituled, An aft to fufpend, for a limited time, the operation of two afts of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for refraining the negotiation of promifjory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited film, within that part of Great Britain called England; as revived, amended, and continued, by a fubfequent acft of this fefiion, pa (Ted for the purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the fame; and alfo for continuing such fubfequent adh

Cap. 121. To explain an act, pafted in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majesty Vreign, intituled, An aft for further encouraging and regulating the fouthern whale fijheries,

Cap. 122. For the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the names of witnefies to letters of attorney, or other authorities or inftruments, for the transfer of ftocks or funds, which now are, or by any adl or a<5ts of parliament fhall hereafter be made, transferable at the bank of England; or for the transfer of any part of the capital ftock of the governor and company of the bank of England called Bank Stock ; or for the transfer of any part of the capital ftock, or any ftocks or funds under the management of the South Sea company ; or for the transfer of any part of the capital ftock of the Eafi India company ; or for the receipt of dividends upon any of such ftocks or funds.

Cap. 123. For more effedfually preventing the adminiftering or taking of unlawful oaths.

Cap. 124. To make perpetual an acf, pafted in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An aft to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 125. For authoring his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat, wheat meal, or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or bread, bifcuit, or peafe, to the iftands of Quern fey, Jerfey, and Alderney, for the fuftenance and ufe of the inhabitants of the laid iftands, for a limited time.

C?p. 126. To prevent the counterfeiting any copper coin in this realm made, or to be made, current by proclamation, or ,  any

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

any foreign gold or filver coin ; and to prevent the bringing into this realm, or uttering any counterfeit foreign gold or filver coin.

Cap. 127. To fhorten the time now required for giving notice of the royal intention of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, that the parliament {hall meet and be holden for the difpatch of bufinefs; and more effectually to provide for the meeting of parliament in the cafe of a demife of the crown. -

Cap. 128 For affeffing the commiffioners of the tax office, and their officers, to the land tax, in. the diftridt called offices executed in Weftminjler Hall; notwithftanding the removal of the faid tax office into Somerfet Place.

Cap. 129. For fupplying the borough and town of Weymouth9 and Melcombe Regis, and the parts adjacent, in the county of Dorfet, with water.

Cap. 130. For difcontinuing the new harbour of Rye, in the county of Suffex, and for repealing feveral adts relating thereto, and for providing for the difcharge of a debt accrued on account thereof; and for making reparation for certain Ioffes; and for the improvement of the old harbour of Rye.

Cap. 131. For building a bridge over Burjledon river, at or near the ferry of Burfedon, in the county of Southampton, and for making a road from the intended bridge over the river Itchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, to the faid bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the faid county of Southampton-.

Cap. 132. For enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Saltcoats in the county of Ayr.

Cap. 133. For enabling Thomas Macklin to difpofe of his col-legion of modern paintings, as now exhibited at his gallery in Fleet Street by way of chance.

Cap. 134. For granting to his Majesty a further additional duty on horfes kept and ufed for the purpose. of riding, or of drawing certain carriages, therein mentioned.

Cap. 135. To explain and amend an act, paffed in the thirty-fixth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An a Si for repealing certain duties on legacies, and {hares of per Jovial eft ate, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cafes.

Cap. 136. To enable the commiffioners of (lamp duties to (lamp deeds, and other inftruments, bills of exchange, pro-miffory and other notes, in the cafes therein mentioned.

Cap. 137. To continue an adt, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aSl to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an aSi, paffed in the prefent Jefp.on of parliament, intituled, cAn aSi to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britian called Scotland, to iffue notes for funis under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all perfotis who have iffued notes for {mail jums of money in that part of the united kingdom{ for a limited time.

Cap. 138. To amend an act made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled. An an for better fecuring the freedom of deStions of members to ferve in parliament, by

difib ling

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

difabling certain officers, employed in the collection or management of his Majestys revenues, from giving their votes at fuck elections, by extending the provifions thereof to perfons voting in any meeting of freeholders for prefes or clerk, or on any queftion relative to the adjuftment of tlie roll of freeholders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empowering freeholders to ad-roinifter the oath of truft and poffeilion to perfons offering to vote for prefes and clerk.

Cap. 139. For allowing a further time for carrying into execution certain powers contained in two a<5fs of the prefent fefiion of parliament, for railing a provifional cavalry, fo far as the fame relate to the regiftering and accepting of volunteers in lieu of the faid provifional cavalry, in such counties, and fub-divifions of counties, wherein the faid adts have not been carried into execution.

Cap. 140. To enable his Majesty more eafily and effectually to grant conditional pardons to perfons under fentence by naval courts martial, and to regulate itrrprifonmentunder such fentences.

Cap. 141 To enable the deputy of the clerk of the houfe of commons, for the time being, to fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of poftage.

Cap. 142. For the better adminiftration of juft ice at Calcuttar Madras, and Bombay; and for preventing Britijh fubjedts from being concerned in loans to the native princes in India.

Cap. 143. To explain and amend an adt, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aCl for the more effectual prevention of the life of defective weights^ and of falfe and unequal balances.

Cap. 144. For granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the fervice ot the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven 5 for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 145, For amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Rochdale through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and for making and maintaining three fevers] branches of road therefrom, all in the county palatine of Ban (after,.

Cap. 146. For amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road trorn or near the guide poft, at or near a certain place, called Sudden Bridge, in the tov/nfhip of Caftleton, within the parifh of Rochdale, in the county palatine of'Lancafter^ to the northeafterly end of a certain ftreet or place, in the town of Bury, within the parifh of Buryy in the faid county,

called

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

called Clerk Street; and for making a new road from and out

of the faid road, at or near a place called Captain Fold, in the townlhip of Qiftleton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the turnpike road leading from the town of Rochdale to the town of Manchejler, in the faid county, as alio with the Rochdale canal, at or near a place called The Blue Pitts, in the faid townlhip of Caft let on.

Cap. 147. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Magdalen Gate, in the city of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn, in North JValfhom, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 148. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads of parliament, palled in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, for 'repairing and widening feveral roads in the county of Sujfex, fo far as the faid acts relate to the road leading from the bridge, at the north end of Farnhurft Lane, through Midhurji, to the city of Chichejler, and from Chichejler aforefaid to Dclkey, all in the faid county of Sujfex.

Cap. 149. To enlarge the terms and powers of two feveral acts of parliament, the one made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the eleventh year of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of York, over Skipbridge to Borroughbridge, in the county of York.

Cap. 150. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, pafted in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty, King George the Second, and in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to the roads from Bafingjloke, through Popham Laney Sutton Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 151. For reviving, continuing, and amending, an a£f, palTed in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Wem, in the county of Salop, to the lime rocks at Bron y garth, and feveral other roads in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Cap. 152. For enlarging the term and powers of certain ats, pafted in the third, feventeenth, and thirtieth years of the reign of his late Majesty, and the thirteenth year of his prefent Majesty, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Warwick, Worcejler, and Gloucefter, fo far as relate to the road leading from a gate called Sbipflon Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the parifh of Old Stratford, through Alder min ft er and Shipfton upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill, in the faid county of Warwick.

Cap. 153. For more effectually making and repairing certain roads in the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, within the faid ftewartry.

Cap. 154. For completing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Wejl Lavington, unto and through the town of

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the Devizes, to the houfe known by the name of The Green Manf in Seend, in the county of Wilts\ and from Rowde Ford, through the Devizes market-place, to join the Beckhampton turnpike road near Wanfdyke; and from the eaft end of the Devizes aforesaid, to the top of Red Hone Hill, in the faid county of Wilts,

Cap. 155. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of three adls, paffcd in the third and feventeenth years of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the fix-teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochejler, to Saint Dunftari s Crofs near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent, and for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near a place called 'Makenade Corner, in the pari(h of Prejion, to Bagham Crofs and Shalmsford Lane End, in the parifh of Chilbam, in the faid county.

Cap, 156. For repairing and widening the road, leading from the town and port of Dover, through the town and borough of Deal, to a certain place in the parifh of Sbolden, called Foulmcad Field', and for making a new road through part of the faid field, and Hacklinge Brooks, and part of a certain other field, called Word Field, to or near to a mefiuage or farm houfe, called Upton Farm, in the parifh of Worth otherwife Word; and for repairing and widening the road from thence to the town and port of Sandwich.

Cap. 157. For amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the prefent turnpike road at Hitlmes Chapel in the county palatine of Chejler, leading from Hulmes Chapel to Kuutsford, to the fouth bridge in Chelford, in the faid county, near to Chelford Chapel.

Cap. 158. To continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of an a <51 of the eleventh year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, for more efFechially repairing and amending the roads from Liverpool to Prefcot, Apt on, and Warrington, and other roads therein mentioned,in the county palatine of Lancafer, Cap. 159. For enlarging the term and powers of three feve-ral acfts, pafied in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the firft and eighteenth years of the reign of his prelent Majesty, for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield,

Cap. 160. For enlarging the term and powers of an a6f, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the weft riding of the county of York, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Pent (lone to Sheffield.

Cap. 161. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an aift pafied in the thirty-fourth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, as relates to the road from the toll houfe in Paifiey Lone at the weft fide of the entry to the new bridge of Glafgow, by or near Park-houfe, to the eaft end of the bridge at Renfrew,

Cap. 162. For enlarging the term and powers of feveral acfts made in the twenty-fixth, twenty-feventh, and thirtieth

years

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

yeafs df his late Majesty’s reign, and in the twenty-ninth and tbirty-fecond years of his prefent Majesty’s reign, for making and repairing the roads from Gorbals of Glafgow to Floakbridge and Eafter Grange in the county of Renfrew, and other roads in the fa id county ; and for making and repairing certain other roads in the faid county branching from or connected with the roads mentioned in the faid adds.

Cap. 163. For more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair the road from the Weft Cowgate, near the town of Nevocaflle upon Fyne, through the weft end of Kenton, Ponte-land. High am Dykei, Newham Edge, B elf ay Mill, and South Mid-dleton, to the north fide of the river Wanfpeck, in the county of Northumberland, and alfo the road leading from the faid road to the Aleniouth turnpike road.

Cap. 164. For amending and rendering more effectual fo much of two acfts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for making and repairing certain roads in the county of Perth, as relates to the road from Perth to Grief \ and the branches thereof.

Cap. 165. For repairing, widening, and improving, the pub-lick high road, leading from Milnthorp to Kirkby-Lonfdale, in the county of Weflmorland.

Cap. 166. For altering, amending, and enlarging, the term and powers of an adt, made in the thirty-fourth year of Ins prefent Majesty’s reign, for making and repairing certain roads, in the counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

Cap. 167. For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from a place called Morton s Corner, in the town of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, to the eaft end of Abington Street, in the town of Northampton.

Cap. 108. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two a£ls, paffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the' feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the prefent turnpike road, at the foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the faid bridge, weftward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called Potter Hill, and from the termination of the prefent turnpike road, at the foot of Ganwick Hill, fouthward, to a windmill at the top of the faid hill.

Cap, 169. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an a£f paffed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Bafmgfoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurfborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner, in the parifh of Winterfow, in the county of Wilts ; and of another a£f, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the faid a<ft, for including the road from Spittle Houfe over Weyhill to Mullen's

Vol.XLL

b

PonJ9



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

-Pond) as direded by an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of his faid majefty King George the Second, and for amending the roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Chn field Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarfon Street; and alfo the road through the faid town of Bafmgfloke; and alfo for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain other roads in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 170. For more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the guide pod, in the village of Adder bury, in the county of Oxford, through Kidlingtony to the end of The Mileway, in the city of Oxford.

Cap. 171. For making and repairing the road from Kinrofs in the county of Kinrofs, to Alloa, in the county of Clachnanan.

Cap. 172. For amending, widening, altering, improving, and "keeping in repair, the road leading from Atcham, through Con-dover to Dorrington : and alfo the road branching out of the faid road, at a place called Allfield Turning, in the faid parifh of Con-dover, to the turnpike road leading from Shrewfbury to Ludlowy at a place called Hongerhilf in the fame parifti, all in the county of Salop.

Cap. 173. For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from Bolton in the Moors, to Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancafer.

Cap. 174 For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from or near Edenfield Chapef in the townfhip of Toitington Higher End, in the parifh of Bury, to the townfhip of Little Bolton, in the parifh of Bolton in le Moors; and alfo for making and maintaining a road, from the faid road, at or near a place called Booth Pitts, in the townfhip ofTottington Loiver End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the townfhip of Elton, in the faid parifh of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancafer.

Cap. 175. For enlarging the term and powers of two ads, pafled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty and the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to, through, and from the town of Frome in the county of Somerfet; and for paving the footways and lighting the ftreets within the faid town.

Cap. 176. For enlarging the term and powers of feveral ads, for amending and keeping in repair feveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominfler, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 177. For more effedualiy repairing the roads betw**.;n the houfe commonly called The Horfejhoe Houfe, in the parifh of Stoke Goldington, in the county of Buckingham, and the town of Northampton ; and from the north bridge of Newport Pagnely in the faid county of Buckingham, to the faid Horfefooe Houfe.

Cap. 178. For extending the term, and amending and en-larging the powers of an ad, pafted in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled. An apt for making end repairing feveral roads round the city of Briftol; and for making and keeping in repair a road from the turnpike gate, at the fig a of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfi'eld

common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

common road, into the Bitton, and Toghill common road. Cap. 179. For amending, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Cambridge, into the old north road near Arrington Bridge, all in the county of

Cambridge.

Cap. 180. For Enlarging the term and powers of an ad,. patted in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majetty’s reign, intituled, An aft for making and repairing the road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodie’s mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kircaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other roads in the county of Fife ^ and for making and repairing other roads in the Faid county.

PRIVATE ACT S.

j, A N ad for naturalizing Gaetano Teftolini.

jTjL 2 An ad for naturalizing George Afor\

3.  An ad for naturalizing Nicholas Horn.

4.  An ad to dittolve the marriage of John Opie efauire, with Mary Bunn, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

5.  An aft for dividing, and allotting, the open and common-able paftures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open-and commonable arable lands, within the parifh of Aile?\ in the county of Somefet.

6.  An a(51 for dividing and enciofing the feveral commons and watte grounds, within the manor and parifh of South Nor-manton, in the county of Derby.

7.  An ad for naturalizing Charles Gruneifen.

8.  An ad for naturalizing Anthony Ravelli.

9.  An ad for naturalizing Abraham Henry Bore!, Henry Bor el, Louis Bor el and Stephen Azemar.

10.  An ad: for naturalizing John Frederick Steinberg and Charles Blaurock.

11.  An act for naturalizing George Choumert.

12.  An ad for naturalizing JVynand Adriaen de Gruyter Vink.

13.  An ad for naturalizing Ulrich Anthony Hinrichs.

14.  An ad for dividing, allotting, arid enciofing, the open commonable lands, and fields, within the parifh of High-ham, in the county of Somefet; and alfo a certain open or common-abletteld called, Ham Down, lying partly within the laid pariih of High-ham, and partly within the parittii of Huijh Epifcop:y in the fame county.

15.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enciofing, the open and commonable pattures, within the parifh of Wejion Zoyland, in the county of Somerfet.

16. An ad for dividing, allotting, and enciofing,

a certain

parcel or trad of commonable ground, formerly part of King's Sedgmoory lying in the parifh of Street, in the county of Somefet % and alfo for dividing and allotting a certain pared or trad of

b 2

watte

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

wafte land, called Turf Moor, in the parifh of Street afore-laid.

17.  An adt for naturalizing Philipp Frederick, Muniz.

18.  An adt to diffolve the marriage of William Bright, with Hannah Lockwood his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19.  An adt to enable the governors ofthehofpital of King^/fl^, founded in Charter Houfe, to fell and convey a mefluage, cottages, and divers lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in Fulftow Marjb, Chappely and Tetney, in the county of Lincoln \ and for laying out the money arifing from such fale in the purchafe of other lands and tenements, or hereditaments, for the benefit of the faid hofpital.

20.  An adt to explain and amend an adt, palled in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late majefty. Queen Anne* intituled. An at1 for augmenting the number of canons reftdentiary in the cathedral church tf/'Litchfield, and for improving the deanry and prebends of the faid cathedral, and to make further provifion for the canons refidentiary in the faid cathedral church, and an addition to the fabrick fund thereof.

21.  An adi for dividing allotting, and enclofing, the feveral commons and wade lands, within the parifh of Exton, in the county of Somerfety and alfo within the feveral manors of Cut-combe Mohun, and Cut combe Rawleighy in the parifh of Cut combe, in the fame county.

22 An adt to relieve William marquis of Larfdown from certain dlfabilities in confequence of his having fat and voted in the houfe of peers without being duly qualified, by taking the oaths and making the declaration preferibed by law, and fub-feribing the fame refpedtively.

23.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Dunton in the county of Bedford.

24.  An adt for naturalizing Jacob Bagelmann9 John Siffken9 and George Lewis CbriJUan Tatter.

25.  An act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing the open and common fields, meadows, pafture, and all other unenclofed lands and grounds in the parifh of Sway field fin the county of Lincoln, and a parcel of open land called The Inter common^ within, or belonging to, the faid parifh of Swayfieldy and to the parifh of Corby, in the faid county.

26.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the feveral openand corrt-mon fields, meadows, paftures, wafte lands and commonable grounds, in the parifh of Campton cum Sheffordy in the county of Bedford.

27.  An act for dividing and enclofing feveral open fields, and meadow and pafture ground, and feveral moors or commons, within the manor and parifh of Flarewood, in the county of York.

28.  An adt for naturalizing Henry Wienholt.

29.  An adt for naturalizing Anthony Henry Libotton.

30.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the commons and wafte lands, within the parifh of Puritonin the county of Sower Jit,

31. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

31.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and commonable lands and fields, within the parifh of Huifo -Epifcopi, in the county of Somerfct.

32.  An adt for dividing and allotting the open and commonable paftures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open and commonable arable lands, within the parifh of Othery, in the county of Somerjet.

33 An adt to enable Denny Martin, dodtor in divinity, to take, ufe* and bear, the furname and arms of Fairfax, purfuant to the will of the right honourable Thomas, lord Fairfax deceafed.

34. An a dt for naturalizing Peter Andrew Runquijl.

35* An afor dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and com.mnn fields, common meadows, common paftures, and waft rnOs and grounds, within the parifh of Fringe in the county of Hertford*

36  An r-A if.* dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the common fields^ half year or fhack lands, heaths, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Barningham, in the county of Suffolk*

37.  An act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the arable lands, intermixed paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Acle, in the county of Norfolk.

38.  An adt to enable the redtor of the parilh church of Hitcham, in the county of Bucks, to exchange part of his glebe lands there for other lands in the fame parifh, belonging to the right honourable William Wyndbam lord Grenville.

39.  An adt to enable the truftees, to be therein named, to make exchange of certain eftates comprifed in the adl of the third or Charles the Firft, for entailing the caftle and manor of Arundel, in the county of Stiff ex, and certain other eftates in the laid adt mentioned.

40.  An adt for the enfranchifement of copyhold and cuftomary lands, parcel of the manor of Arundel, and other manors entailed by the adl of parliament of the third of Charles the Firft, and for the fale of tythes, alfo entailed by the faid adt.

41.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, certain moors, commons, or wafte grounds, within the townlhips of Sawley and Winkfley, in the parifh of Rlpon, in the county of York*

42.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing the open and common arable fields, common meadows, common and wafte lands, within the parifh of Wing, in the county of Buckingham.

43.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, a certain tradt or parcel of moor, common, or wafte ground, called Hal-ton Moor, within and parcel of the manor of Halt on, in the parifh of Halt on, in the county palatine of Lancafler.

44.  An adt for dividing and enclofing certain tradts or parcels of moor, common or wafte grounds, within and parcel of the honor and manor of Hornby, in the county palatine of Lancafler•

45.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the feveral open common fields, meadows, and paftures, commons and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Etwall, in the county of Derby.

b 3  46. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

46.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open commons and wafte lands within, or adjoining to, the townfhip or parifh of Chewton Mend'ip, in the county of Somerfet.

47.  An act for div drng and enclofing a certain tract or parcel of moor, common, or wade ground, called Over Kellett Moor, within and parcel of the manor or lordfhip of Over Kellett, in the parifh of Bolton byt the Sands, in the county palatine of Lam after.

48.  An ad for-dividing and enclofing the common fields, and wafte lands, within the townfhip ot Dalton, in the feveral parifhes of Rotherham and Thrybergh, in the weft riding of the county of York.

49.  An ad for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Thornborough, in the county of Buckingham.

50.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common paftures, and other open lands and grounds, within the feveral hamlets or tythings of Allcannings and Aldington, in the county of Wilts.

51.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the whole year lands, common fields, half year or (hack lands, fens, commons, commonable wood grounds, and other commonable and wafte lands, within the parifh of Saham Tone, in the county of Norfolk.

52.  An ad for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Wingrave with Rowjham, in the county of Buckingham.

53.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, paftures, commons, and walle grounds, within the parifh of Saint Mary, in the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford.

54.  An adl for dividing and enclofing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifhes of Ugge/hally Fr often den, and South Cove, in the county of Suffolk.

55.  An a<St for dividing and enclofing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and wafte lands, within the. parifhes of Sotterly, Henfiead with Hulverflreet^ and JVrentham, in the county of Suffolk.

56.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing the commons and wafte grounds, within the tovCmihip of Harwood, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

57.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and other common and wafte lands and grounds, in the parifh of Barrozu in the coumy of Lincoln.

58.  An ad to dilTolve the marriage of the right honourable Charles Sloane Cadogan, lord Cadogan, with Mary Churchill, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

59-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

59.  An aft for efFeftuating a/ettlement of the freehold and copyhold eftates of Charlotte Laura, the wife of John Wodehoufe efquire, late Charlotte Laura Norris fpinfter, purfuant to articles executed previous to their marriage, notwithstanding the infancy of the faid Charlotte Laura Wodehoufe.

60.  An aft to enable the truttees and executors of the will of Samuel Browne merchant, to fettle the refidue of his perfonal eftate, and the produce of his real eftate, purfuant to the agreements made previous to the marriages of his daughters, Pleafance the wife of Edward Roger Pratt the elder, efquire, and Hejler the wife of Jacob Henry Aflley efquire.

61.  An aft for vetting in truttees the fettled ettates of George Ha [Jell efquire, in trutt to fell the fame, and to lay out the money arifing from tide fale thereof in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the ufes therein mentioned.

62.  An aft for effectuating a partition of certain ettates of Francis Chaplin efquire, and Theophilus Buckworth efquire, in the county of Lincoln.

63.  An a eft for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the commons, moors, wattes, and watte grounds, called Lea Moor, or Sapperton Moor, and Hare Hill, and alfo a certain common meadow,and all other commonable places and watte grounds, within the townfhip or liberty of Sapperton, in the parifh of Church Broughton, in the county of Derby.

64.  An a<ft for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, meadows, ’ lands, commons, and commonable places, in the pari fh of Chalgrave, in the county of Bedford.

65.  An acft for vetting in truttees, and their heirs, certain eftates at Mappowder and Plujh, in the county of Dorfet, and Inkpen and Kintbury, in the county of Bucks, deviled by the will of John late earl Spencer, in trutt, to convey the fame to the right honourable George John earl Spencer, and his heirs, difcharged from the ufes and trufts of the faid will, on the faid right honourable George John earl Spencer, fettling in lieu thereof, to the ufes and upon the trufts of the faid will, his eftate at Chapel Brampton, in the county of Northampton.

66.  An aft for effectuating an exchange between the right honourable John earl of Ajhburnham and the dean and chapter of Canterbury, of the advowlon of the reftory of Ninfield for the advowfon of the vicarage ot Ajbbournham, both in the county of Suffer..

67.  An acft for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common pattures, common meadows, and common or watte land, in Mollington, in the counties of Oxford and Warwick y within the pari fh of Cropredy, in the faid county of Oxford.

68.  An aft: for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the feveral common fields, common downs, common pattures, watte lands, and other commonable places, within the parifti of Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, except the commonable lands lying within the borough of Whitchurch, and except the common arable field called The Burgage Field.

b 4  69.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

6g. An a61 for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh and liberties of Whittlebury, in the county of Northampton, (except such commonable lands and grounds within the laid parifh and liberties as lie within the prefent ringmound of the foreft of IVhittkwood, or Whittlebury); and for extinguifhing a right of common in and over two certain pieces of ground within the faid parish, called Porter's Wood, and Long Hedge.

70 An a61 for enabling the governors of the free grammar fchool of Queen Mary, at Waif all in the county of Stafford, to fell certain mines under part of their lands, apd to fell or exchange certain parts of their lands lying difperfed, for improving and extending the benefits of the foundation of the faid fchool, for enlarging the truffs and powers of the faid governors, and for enabling them to build a chapel, and for other purposes.

71.  An a6l for eftablifhing and rendering effe&ual certain articles of agreement, enabling the feveral fee farm and cuftomary tenants within the honor, manor, and lordfhip of Hornby, and manor of ‘fathom, in the county palatine of Lancajler, who heretofore have omitted, now to come and in and purchafe the timber trees and underwoods growing upon their refpe&iye tenements, and for veiling the foie property thereof in-them re-fpe6lively, and extinguishing the cuftomary right of the other tenants therein, and for releafing and extinguishing the freehold fee farm and cuftomary rents, boons, fines, and other fervices of right, due and accuftomed for the tenements of such of the faid tenants who have executed the faid articles of agreement, and for extending the like powers and benefits to such of the faid tenants, not being parties to the faid articles, who (hall, within a limited time, conform to the tru-fts thereof, with such exceptions and refervations only as are in this bill mentioned.

72.  An a61 for vefting certain undivided parts or (hares, de-vifed by the will of James Davis efquire, of and in feveral eftates in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucejler, in truftees to be fold, and for applying part of the money arifing thereby in difcharging incumbrances, and for laying out the furplus in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes.

73.  An a61 for fale of certain lands and hereditaments in the parifh of Burnham, in the county of Bucks, devifed by the will of Elliot Salter efquire, deceafed, and for laying out the money arifing by fale thereof in the purchafe of other lands, tenement-, and hereditaments, to be conveyed to the fame ufes.

74.  An a61 for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftqres, and other commonable and wafte lands, in the parifh of Coin Saint Dennis, in the county of Gloucejler.

75.  An a6l for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the common and open fields, ings, common meadows, common paftures, commons.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mens, and other open commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Diddingtoni otherwife Dodington, in the county

of Huntingdon.

76.  An aft for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, all the commons and wafte lands, within the parifh of Afhcotty in the county of Somerfet.

77.  An aft for vefting certain lands and hereditaments, deviled by the will of John Perrott efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to fell and exchange; and for applying the fum of one thousand pounds, arifing from such fale or exchange, in difeharge of a mortgage alTefting the faid devifed eftates; and for laying out the refidue of the faid money in the purchafe of other hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes, and to enable the faid truftees, and the feveral other perfons therein named, to grant building and other leafes of the faid devifed eftates.

78.  An aft for enabling Thomas Stinton, doftor in divinity, and his fucceffors, to grant, in manner therein mentioned, a leafe of a certain part of the prebendal lands fituate in the feveral parifhes therein mentioned.

79.  An aft for vefting part of the fettled eftates of Charles William Taylor efquire, in truftees, to be fold, for paying incumbrances, and for laying out the furplus monies in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes, and for other purposes.

80.  An aft for vefting certain detached parts of the fettled eftates of fir William Lowther, baronet, in truftees, in truft, to convey the fame to the faid fir William Lowther in fee, upon his the faid fir William Lowther*s conveying other eftates to the ufes of the fettled eftates.

81.  An aft for vefting the manor of Eajl Mark, and certain lands-and hereditaments in the county of Somerfet, part of the fettled eftates of Henrietta AAaria? the wife of Michael Hicks Beach efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for invefting the money arifing by such fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

82.  An aft to confirm and render valid and efifeftual a partition of divers mefluages, cottages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the feveral counties of Warwick and Stafford, whereof an undivided moiety was deviled by the will of Anna Maria Sacbeverell widow, and the other undivided moiety by the will of Jane Gough widow, deceafed, and tor fettling and affuring the fpecific mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, which upon such partition have been allotted to be held in feveralty, for or in lieu of each of the faid undivided moieties, to such ules as by the faid wills are limited, of and concerning the faid undivided moieties refpeftively.

83.  An aft for vefting feveral mefluages and hereditaments in the parifh of Allhallows Steyning, in the city of London, in the corporation of the Trinity Houfe, fubjeft to feveral perpetual yearly rent charges payable to the redftor, clerk, lexton, and churchwardens, of the fame parifh.

84. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

84.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the commons, commonable woods, and wafte lands, within the manor and parifh of Chaddeftey Corbett, in the county of Worcefter.

85.  An a<ft for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common fields, and downs, common paftures, and other open lands and grounds, within the hamlet or tything of E after ton, in the county of Wilts.

86.  An a<ft for dividing and enclofing the common or wafte grounds, open fields, meadows, and pafiures, within the manor and parifh of Bunny, in the county of Nottingham,

87.  An adl for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Wyke Regis, in the county of Dorfet.

88.  An acft for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Great Wilbraham, in the county of Cambridge.

89.  An a<ft for dividing, allotting, enclofing, and laying in feveralty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Little Wilbraham, in the county of Cambridge.

90.  An a<ft to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of an adf paffed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his majefiy King George the Third, intituled, An aB for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pafiures, and other commonable lands, withinthe pariJhofCoxfe, in the county of Gloucefter.

91.  An acft: for dividing, and enclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, in the Jordfhip of Toddington, and hamlet of Charlton, in the parifh of Eoddington, in the county of Bedford.

92.  An acft: for dividing and enclofing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and wafte lands, within the parifhes of Barnby and Mutford, in the county of Suffolk.

93.  An acft: for dividing and enclofing the common and open fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and wafie grounds, in the parilh of Elftow, in the county of Bedford.

94.  An acft for allotting, dividing, and enclofing the feveral commons and wafie lands in the townfhip of Ditton, in the parilh of Prefcot, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

95.  An a<ft for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the feveral commons and wafie lands, lying and being within the parifhes of Shipham and Winfcombe, in the county oi Somerfet.

96.  An a<ft to diffolve the marriage of Jofeph Henry Cooke fur-geon, with Elizabeth Smith his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

97.  An a (ft to diffolve the marriage of James M'Gauley with Elizabeth Rowlands his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

98.  An afor naturalizing Lewis John Marie Haujfoullier.

99.  An a<ft for allowing timber to be cut upon certain efiates fettled by the will and codicil of fir Francis Henry Drake, baronet* and for applying and laying out the money to arife therefrom

in

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

100.  An adt for vefting feveral eftates in the county of

Chejler, of the right honourable George 'James earl Cholmondeley, as devifee for life under the will of the honourable general James Cholmondeley, deceafed, in the faicf earl Cholmondeley, in feefimple, and for fettling other eftates of the faid earl, in the fame county, in lieu thereof.

101.  An adt for vefting part of the eftates of the late fir James Dajbwood in truftees, in truft, to fell the fame, and to apply the money arifing thereby in difchar^ing certain incumbrances therein mentioned, and to apply the r.efidue, if any, of the money arifing from luch fale or fales in the purchafe of eftates, to be fettled to the ufes of the will of the faid fir James Dajbwood,

102.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the common and open fields, ings, common meadows, common paftures, commons, and other open commonable lands and wade grounds, in the parifh of Southoe, in the county of Huntingdon.

103.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the fevera! open, common, and wade lands, within the feveral manors of Holwell and Woodbridge, and in the pari 111 of HolvuellJ in the county of Somerfet.

104.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, and other commonable and wafte lands, within the feveral parifhes of Somertot?, and Compton Dundon, and certain open or commonable lands, called Soutbmead and Kingfmoor, fituate within the feveral parilhes of Somerton, Long Sutton, KingJ'don, Northover, and Uchejler, and the hamlets or tithings of JVidcombe, jJJh, and Milton, in the parifh of Martock, lorne or one of them; and alfo, lo much of a certain allotment or tradt of* unenclofed land, within the faid parifh of Long Sutton, as appertained to fundry tenements within the manor of Knoll, in the parifh ok Long Sutton aforesaid, all in the county of Somerfet,

105.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, certain moors, commons, or wafte lands and grounds, lying and being within the parifhes of North Curry, Stoke Saint Gregory, and Weft Hatch, in the county of Somerfet.

106.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, certain pieces of common or wafte land, within the townfhip of Crid-ling Stubbs, in the weft riding of the county of York,

107.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, certain commons or wafte lands within the manor and parifh of Lindridge, in the county of TForcefler.

108.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields and meadows, commonable and intermixed lands and wafte grounds, within, or belonging to, the parifh ot Jfbelivortb, in the county of Gloucejier.

109.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, certain commons or wafte lands, in the feveral parifhes of Moreton Corbet, Skaivbury, Stanton upon Hine Heathy and Hodnet, in the county of Salop.

no* An adt for dividing and enclofing the open and common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

mon fields, meadows, paftures, wafte lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Southill, in the county of Bedford.

__ hi. An act for dividing and enclofing the open common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Kniptony in the county of Leicefer.

112.  An act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifhes of Hinton Martel and Guff age All Saints, in the county of Dorfet.

113.  An act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds and places, in the parifh of Harrold\ in the county of Bedford.

114.  An act for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Stoke Mandeville, in the county of Buckingham.

115.  An act for dividing and enclofing the wafte lands, within the manor of Kerry, in the county of Montgomery.

116.  An act for effectuating an exchange between the governors of the free grammer fchool of Harrow on the Hill, in the county of Middlefex, and John Hunter, of Gubbins, in the county of Hertford, efquire, of a farm and certain lands, in the parifhes of North and South Mims, in the faid counties of Hertford and Middlefex, for a farm and certain lands in the parifh of

Harrow on the Hill aforefaid.

117.  An act for empowering the judges of the court of feftion in Scotland to fell the fuperiorities of the lands holden blench or in feu of the eftaie of Lovat, together with the feu and other duties payable by the vaffals of proprietors of such lands to the heir of entail of the faid eftate, and alfo such parts and portions of the entailed eftate of Lovat, and others, in the county of Invernefs, belonging to the honourable lieutenant general Simon Frafer of Lovat, now deceafed, as (hall be fuf-ficient for payment of the debts contracted by him, and affecting the faid lands and eftate, and for vefting the remainder in the heirs of entail named by the faid lieutenant general Simon Frafer, fubject to the limitations and *provifions of his deeds of entail.

118.  An act for fale of part of the eftates comprifed in the marriage fettlement of Edward Buckley efquire, and Elizabeth his wife, in order to pay off an incumbrance affecting the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

119.  An act for the better enabling the truftees to fell and difpofe of the remaining eftates of the late Robert Piggot efquire, fituatein thefeveral parifhes, townfhips, hamlets, fields, precincts, and territories, of Peplow, Hodnett, Little Bolas, and Stoke upon Tern, in the county of Salop.

120.  An act for difeharging certain eftates comprifed in the marriage fettlement of Richard Langley efquire, from the ufes

thereby

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

thereby limited, and for fettling other eftates in lieu thereof

121.  An ad for exchanging the advowfon of the vicarage of the abbey church, otherwife holy crofs, with Saint Giles annexed, in the county of Salop, belonging to his Majesty, for the advowfons of the churches of Rifby and Fornham Saint Geno-vejje, otherwife Saint Genoveve, in the county of Suffolk, belonging to the right honourabe Thomas AW lord Berwick.

122.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing a certain common moor or trad of wafte ground, called Wark Common9 lying wholly or partly within the barony or manor of Wark, in the parilh of Carbarn, in the county of Northumberland.

123.  An a6l for dividing and enclofing the open common fields, half years meadow land, heath, commons, and wafte grounds in the parilhes of Blankney and Scopivicky in the county of Lincoln.

124.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain open fields, common paftures, commons, or wafte grounds, within the manor of Settringtony in the eaft riding of the county of York,

125.  An a61 for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable land and ground, within the parilh of Oxbilf in the county of Warwick,

126.  An ad for dividing and allotting certain open and commonable paftures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain open and commonable arable lands, within the parifti of Moor line ey in the county of Somerfet.

127.  An ad for naturalizing Henry Lewis Schedel.

128.  An ad for naturalizing Jean Nicholas Jofepb Soileux.

129.  An ad for naturalizing Frederick Heifch and John Jacob Mails.

130.  Art ad for vefting the manors, and other hereditaments fituate in the county of Cambridge, devifed by the will of Bridget Southcote widow deceafed, in truftees for fale, and for laying out the money arifimg from the fale thereof in elfates in the county of Norfolk, to be fettled to the ufes devifed by the faid will of the faid Bridget Southcote.

131.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the common's and wafte grounds, within the manor and parilh of Selby^ in the weft: riding of the county of York.

132.  An ad xo dilToIve the marriage of fir Godfrey Vaffail (lately called fir Godfrey Webfler) baronet, with Elizabeth Vaffail his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

133.  An ad for vefting in truftees certain parts of the late earl of Bradford's eftates, in the county of Salop 9 devi'ed by the will of general Harry Pulteney, dor the pur pole of e Medina-an exchange thereof with the right honourable Thomas Noel lord Berwick, and for fettling the eftates, to be taken in exchange to the like ufes and manner as the faid earl of Bradford's eftates in the faid county of Salopy are now fettled.

1^4. An ad for vefting the freehold and leafehold, or chattel.

hold

A TABLE of the STATtJTES.

hold eftates, refpe&ively, comprifed in the marriage fettlement of John Pinney efquire, and Elizabeth his wife, and fituate in the county of Somerfet, in the faid John Pinney, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and aligns, discharged from the ufes and trufts by such fettlement limited and declared of the fame, and for fettling divers other freehold and leafehold or chattelhold mef-fuages, farms, lands, and hereditaments, of greater value, fituate in the county of Dorfet, in lieu thereof.

135.  An adt for appointing truftees for carrying into execution certain trufts and powers contained in the will of the late fir Henry Houghton baronet, in the room of Samuel Fenton merchant, and Thomas Fenton efquire, the truftees therein named, who departed this life, in the life-time of the faid fir Henry Houghton, and for enabling the faid truftees to exchange part of_ the lands thereby devifed for lands of which fir Henry Philip Houghton, or Daniel Houghton, or either of them, are or is feifed in fee Ample, and for enabling the tenants for life, under the faid will, to make conveyances in fee, and leafes for long terms of years, for the purpose of building. ■

136.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open common fields, commons, and wafte lands within the parifh of Horton, in the county of Gloucejler,

137.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other common-able lands and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Wejlon, in the county of Hertford.

138.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open common fields, commons, and walle grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Hillarn, in the parifh of Monk Fryjlone, in the weft riding of the county of York.

139.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, meadows, and paftures, of and within the manor and parifh of Jdjlock, in the county of Buckingham.

140.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and wafte lands, in the parifh of Drayton Parjloiv, in the county of Buckingham.

141.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte ‘grounds, in Rounds, in the county of Northampton.

142.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds in the parifh of Kings Walden, in the county of Hertford.

143.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, or ftinting, certain open common fields, ing lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parifh of Bolton Percy, in the county of the city of York.

144.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common marfhes, heaths,

waftes,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

waftes, and commonable woods, lands, and grounds, within the parifti of Croydon, in the county of Surrey.

145.  An aft for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Greatford, in the county of Lincoln.

146.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, certain open and intermixed lands and grounds within the townfhip of Pontefrafi, in the weft riding of the county of Tork^ and making compenfation for the great tithes of the faid lands, and other lands in the townfhips of Pontefratt, Tanjhelf^ and Carlton, within the parifh of Pontefraft, and alfo for the vicarial tythes of the faid parifti.

147.  An ad for dividing and allotting the open and common-able lands and grounds within the federal pariihes of Great Chiverell and Little Chiverell, in the county of Wilts.

148.  An ad for dividing and enclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parifh of Eynefbury, in the county of Huntingdon,

149.  An ad to diffolve the marriage of Sidenham Teajl merchant, with Eleanor Buckle, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

150.  An for naturalizing Nicholas Dubois De Chemant.

151.  An ad for vefting in a new truftee the fum of forty thousand pounds given by a codicil annexed to the will o{John Tempejl efquire, to Farrer Wren, and Robert Shafto, efquires, upon certain trufts in the faid codicil mentioned.

END OF THE TABLES.

\

by 

T H E

tattttes at &arge,

Anno tricefimo oBavo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the SECOND Seffion of the "Eighteenth Parliament of Great' Britain.

VOL. XLI. PART II.

A

T  A  B L E

    OF THE

S T  A  T U T E S

P U B L I C K and PRIVATE,    

Faffed Anno tr oElavo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Second Seffion of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBL1CK GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. i. * | ^ O amend and continue, until one month after the JL conclufion of the prelent war, the provifions contained in an a6l, pafled in the feffion of parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, chapter ninety-one, videlicet ^ On the twenty-fecond of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the reflriclion on payments of cafh by the bank.

Cap. 2. To continue, until the expiration of thirty‘days after the commencement of the next feifion of parliament, an add, palfed in the feffion of parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majefly, chapter one hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand l'even hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An ah to continue an at7, made in this prefent Jeff on of parliament, intituled, 4 An att to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an act, puffed in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, u An adi to allow the hanks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to ijffue notes for fums under a certain amount, for a

a 2  limited

i

A TABLE of the STATUTES

limited time ; and for indemnfying all perfons who have iffued notes for fnall fums of money in that part of the united kingdom f for a limited time.

Cap. 3. To continue, until the firft day of March one thou (and seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act palled in the fellion of parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, chapter feventy-two, videlicet, On the fixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoufed for exportation.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the lervice of the year one thou Hand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 6. To continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fellion of parliament, an a Cl, palled in the felfion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, chapter feventy, videlicet, On the fixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punilhment of -attempts to feduce perfons ferving in his Majesty’s force*, by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or dil'obedience.

Cap. 7. To continue, until the expiraiion of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fellion of parliament, two feveral atfts palfed in the fellion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixrh and thirty-feventh years cf his prefent Majesty, the one, chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day of March, and the other, chapter fixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,, for fufpentling, for a limited time, the operation of certain aCfs, made in the fifteenth and feven-teenth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for reftraining the negociation of promiftory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 8. For raifing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 9. To continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next lefiion of parliament, an acl, palled in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majesty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the fixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and alfo an a<ft, pafted in the fame year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-fecond day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and alfo another a6t, pafted in the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majesty, chapter feventy-fix, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, relating to the admiflion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral {hips, and the ifluing

of

(Puhlick General) 38 GEO. III.

cf orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the fame period, an aft, paded in the fefiion of parliament holden in the thirty-lixth. and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of Decern-her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, authorifing his Majesty to make regulations refpecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 10. To continue, until the expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next fefiion of parliament, fo much of. an aft, pafied in the fefiion of parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, chapter feven, videlicet, On the eleventh of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, as relates to the exportation and carrying coaftwife of wheat and rye, and to the importation of feveral articles of provifion.

Cap. ir. To revive and continue, until the firfl day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety •eight, an aft pafied in the fefiion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty— feventh years of his prefent Majesty, chapter one hundred and two, videlicet, On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninetv-seven, for granting to Ins Majesty additional duties on diftilieries in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scot-land therein particularly deferibed, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on diftilieries in the refpeftive diftrifts in Scotland.

Cap. 12. To give further time for executing, and for enlarging, the powers of an aft, made in the laft fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft to rciife and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Gt eat Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 13. To amend an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An act to enabled)is Majejly to grant commijjtons to a certain number of foreign protefants, who have ferved abroad as officers or engineers, to aft and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain rejlriftions and qualifications.

Cap. 14. To indemnify such perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time direfted by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns', vvhofe admifiions have been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand fSven hundred and ninety-eight, to provide admifiions duly damped ; to permit such perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemni-

a 3  tying

A TABLE of the STATUTES

fying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglefted to tranfmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the firft day of September one thousand Seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 15. For jthe regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on Shore, to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 16. For granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war.

Cap 17. For allowing, during the continuance of the prefent war, a certain proportion of the men, railed in purfuance of two afts of the 1 aft fefiion of parliament for augmenting the militia, to enlift into his Majesty’s other forces, and to ferve until fix months after the conclufion of a general peace.

Cap. 18. To enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the fupplementary militia, and to provide for the neceftary augmentation of men, in the feveral companies of militia, by incorporating the fupplementary militia therewith.

Cap. 19. To give further time for putting in execution an aft, made in this prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft to enable his Majejly to order out a certain proportion of the fupple-mentary militia, and to provide for the ncceffary augmentation of men in the feveral companies of militia, by incorporating the fupplementary militia therewith.

Cap. 20. Forraifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 21. For fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on John earl Saint Vincent, and the two next perfons to whom the title of earl Saint Vincent fhall defcend, in confideration of the eminent fervice performed by the faid John earl Saint Vincent to his Majesty and the publick.

Cap. 22. For fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on Adam lord vifcount Duncan, and the two next perfons to whom the title of vifcount Duncan fhall defcend, in confideration of the eminent fervice performed by the faid Adam lord vifcount Duncan to his Majesty and the publick.

Cap. 23. For punching mutiny and defertion • and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 24. To repeal the duties on gold and filver plate ufed in watch cafes.

Cap. 25. To permit, during the continuance of the prefent war the importation of fait from Portugal, in neutral (hips.

Cap. 26. For reftifying mifiakes in the names of the feveral of the commiftioners appointed by an aft, made in the laft fefiion of parliament, to put in execution an aft, made in the fame fefiion, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven; and for appointing other commifiioners, together with those named in the firft

mentioned

(Publick General) 38 GEO. III.

mentioned aff, to put in execution an aft: of this feflion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand fe'ven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such perfons as have afled as commiflioners for executing the faid aft, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raifed. in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

Cap. 27. To enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and fecurity of the realm during the prefent war; and for indemnifying perfons who may fuffer in their property by such meafures as may be neceffary for that purpose.

Cap. 28. To prevent, during the war, perfons refiding or being in Great Britain, from advancing money or effeCts for the purchafe or on the credit of debts owing to the government of the United Provinces, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any perfons within the faid provinces, without licence for that purpose;.and for extending the provifionsofan aft,madein the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during tbe prefent war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correfpondence with, or aid or affiflance being given to his Majesty s enemies, to the faid United Provinces, and to the perfons exerciflng the powers of government therein, and alfo to the perfons, territories, and places, under their government* Cap. 29. To revive and continue, until the conclufion of the prefent war, an aff paffed in the feftion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, chapterone hundred and twenty-five, videlicet^ On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for authorifing his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat and other articles to the iflands of Guernfey, Jcrfey, and Alderney.

Cap. 30. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an aft paffed in the feflion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventhyears of his prefent Majesty, chapter feventy-fix, videlicet, On the fixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for difallowing the bounty on fail cloth or canvas, the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland

Cap. 31. To revive and continue, until the ftrft day of Alay one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an aft paffed in the feflion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, chapter one hundred and two, videlicet, On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on diftilleries, in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scotland, therein particularly defcribed, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on diftilleries, in the refpeflive diftrifts in Scotland.

Cap. 32. For encreafing the rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.

a 4  Cap. 33.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 33. To amend two ads, made in the twenty-fixth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, refpeding the performance of quarantine ; for punifhing perfons acting contrary to any order in council, which may be made for laying any embargo on fhips or veffels, or for prohibiting or regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent importation ofglafs into this kingdom; for permitting the removal of coffee and cocca co'afhvife, for the greater convenience of exportation; to authorife the cornmifiioners of the culloms to return the duties paid on goods imported, which fhall he loft or de-ftroyed before the landing thereof; to prevent veffels licenfed by the admiralty, from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; for permitting wines put on board any of his Majeftv’s fhips, to be removed from one fhip to another, without being firft landed and warehoufed ; and for extending the proviiions of an ad, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, to wines delivered into the charge of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty’s cuftoms at the port of Falmouth.

Cap. 34. For making compenfation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments purchafed in purfuance of an ad, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for better fecuring his Majesty’s batteries and other works in the counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain owners and occupiers of lands who have fuftained any lofs or damage in confe-quence of the faid ad.

Cap. 35. To continue fevcral laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britijh and lr'ijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britijh fugar colonies or plantations in the Wejl Indies, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and two ; to the allowing the importation of rape feed, and other feeds ufcd for extrading oil, whenever the^ prices of middling Britifh rape feed fhall be above a certain limit, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the further fupport and encouragement of the fiftieries carried on in the Greenland Teas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the more effedual encouragement of the manufadures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the afcertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke's hydrometer, until the firft day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; and fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for better fecuring the duties'on glafs, as was to continue for a limited time, until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 36.

{Publick general) 38 GEO. III.

Cap. 36. To empower his Majesty to fecure and detain Inch perfons as his Majesty (hall fufpedt are confpiring againit his perfon and government.

Cap. 37. For railing the fum of seven teen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 38. For declaring the validity of two orders in council, dated the fixth clay of Auguf one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the time of appealing in prize caufes; and for permitting appeals to be proleeured after such time (hall have el a p fed, in such fpecial caufes as his Majesty, by any order in council, (hall authorife.

Cap. 39. To amend an aeft, paiTeci in the twenty-feventli year of his prefent Majeftv’s reign, intituled, An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, tuareSy and merchant dize, in the ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the iflatid of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, in the port ^/’Rofeau in the if and of Dominica, and in the port of Nafiau, in the fund of N e w Providence, one of the Bahama Iflands, under certain regulations and rejlriftions.

Cap. 40. For repealing the duties on houfes, windows, and lights, on inhabited houfes, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majesty other duties on houfes, windows, and lights, and on inhibited houfes, in lieu thereof.

Cap. 41. For repealing the duties upon male fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs ; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty of excife upon tea; and for repealing fo much of an a£c, made in the laft feftion of parliament, as charges a duty of five pounds per centum upon tea imported into or fold in Great Britain,

Cap. 43. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on fair.

Cap. 44. To enable his Majesty to call out a part of the militia in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, and to amend an a<51, made in the laft feftion of parliament, intituled. An aft to raife and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 45. To prevent, during the. war, perfons reftding or being in Great Britain from advancing money or effeefts for the purchnfe or on the credit of debts owing to any of the governments in Switzerland, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any perfons therein, without licence for that purpose ; for extending the provisions of an a eft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the prefent war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correfpondence with, or aid and afthtance being given to, his Majesty’s enemies, to Switzerland; and alfo the proviijons of an adc, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for preventing money or effedls in the hands of

his

A TABLE of the STATUTES

his Majesty’s fubjeCls, belonging to, or difpofeable by, any perfons reiklent in France, being applied to the ufe of the perfons exercifing the powers of government in France, and for pre-ferving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof, to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the perfons exercifing the powers of government therein, and alfo to the perfons, territories, and places, under their government.  '  '

Cap. 46. For the more fpcedy and effectual manning of his Majesty’$ navy.

Cap. 47. For granting to his Majesty th.c fum of two hundred' thousand pounds, to be ilTued and paid to the governor arid ' company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commiffioners tor the redu&ion of the national debt.  :

Cap. 48. To alter and amend fo much of an aCl, pa fled in this prefent feftion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year cne thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, as relates to the qualification of commiftioners.

Cap. 49. For veiling divers lands and hereditaments in the parifh of Halifax, in the county of Tork^ in truftees and their heirs, upon certain trufts therein mentioned, difcharged from all claims of the crown in refpecl of any forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Matures of mortmain, or the laws relating to mortmain.

Cap. 50. To continue, until the fir ft day of Augufl one thousand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, and amend an aCt, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for ejiablijhing regulations refpefting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or ref dent therein, in certain cafes.

Cap. 51. For authorifing the billetting such troops of yeomanry cavalry as may be defirous of aftembling for the purpose of being trained together, and for exempting from the payment of certain duties perfons providing horfes for the faid yeomanry cavaby.

Cap. 52. To regulate the trial of caufes, indictments, and other proceedings, which arife within the counties of certain cities and towns corporate within this kingdom.

Cap. 53. For granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates iftued with refpeCt to armorial bearings or enfigns.

Cap. 54. To amend feveral laws of excife 1 elating to coach-makers, auctioneers, beer and cyder exported, certificates and debentures, (lamps on hides and (kins, drawbacks on wines and fweets, and ale and beer licences.

Cap. 55. For augmenting the number of field officers, and other ofiicers of militia ; and for making other provifions concerning the militia forces of this kingdom.

Cap. 56. For repealing fo much of an ad, made in the laft fefiion ol parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majejly

certain

(Publick General) 38 GEO. III.

certain Jlamp duties on the feveral matters therein mentioned; and for better fc curing the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attortiies, and others praftifing in certain courts of jufiice in Great Britain ; as impofes a duty on licences granted to ftipendiary curates to perform the office of curate in any church or chapel.

Cap. 57. For the further encouraging the fouthern whale fifheries.

Cap. 58. To continue, until the firft day of March one thou-fandTeven hundred and ninety-nine, an adt, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the twenty-fit zth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, c An aft for the more effectual encouragement of the Britilh fifloeriesd

Cap. 59. To revive and continue, until the firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an adl, palled in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, chapter forty-two, videlicet, On the thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and feventy-four, intituled, An aft to prohibit the importation of light fiver coin, of this realm, from foreign countries, into Great Britain or Ireland ; and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fum; and to fufpend the coining of filver.

Cap. 60. For making perpetual, fubjedl to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein dated, the feveral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 61. To continue, until the end of the next feffion of parliament, and amend an 2dl, palled in the thirty-lixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, chapter one hundred and fix, videlicet, On the eighteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for regulating the allowance of the drawbacks and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar.

Cap. 62. To empower magiftrates and juftices of the peace, in fetting the affize of bread, to make an allowance on account of the additional duty on fait.

Cap. 63. For the further encouragement of the trade and manufadlures of The Ifle of Man; for improving the revenue thereof; and for the more effedtual prevention of fmuggling to and from the faid ifland.

Cap. 64. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that, part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 65. For preventing the depafturing of forefts, commons, and open fields, with (beep or lambs infedled with the fcab or mange, in that part of Great Britain called England,

Cap. 66. For empowering his Majesty, for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the fervices of such parts of his

militia

A TABLE of the STATUTES

militia forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer them-felves to be employed in Ireland.

Cap. 67. To prevent the exportation of bafe coin to his Majelfy’s colonies in the Weft Indies, and America.

Cap. 68. For regulating the payment, until two months after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament after the end of the pre'ent war, of the duties on cinnamon, doves, nutmegs, and mace, and for granting to his Adajefty additional duties thereon.

Cap. 69. For allowing gold wares to be manufactured at a ftandard lower than is now allowed by law.

Cap. 70. For making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 71. For encouraging the art of making new models and cafxs of buffs, and other things therein mentioned.

Cap. 72. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons ading as such, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods arid commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 73. For amending and rendering more effedual an ad, made in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent (VTajefty, intituled, An all to prevent abufes and frauds in the packing, iveigbt, and [ale of butter; and to repeal certain efts relating thereto.

Cap. 74. For railing a body of miners in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, Tor the defence of the kingdom, during the prefent war.

Cap. 75. For granting to his Adajefty a certain fum of money, to be railed by a lottery.

Cap. 76. For the better protedion of the trade of this kingdom ; and for granting new and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain Ihips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign pans, until the fignmg the preliminary articles of peace.

Cap. 77. To amend an ad: of the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to continue, until the firft day of Augufl one thou [and eight hundred, and until the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and amend an aft made hi the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majcjly intituled, c An aft for eftabliffing regulations refpetiing aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafes I

Cap. 78. For preventing the mifehiefs ariflng from the printing and publishing newfpapers, and papers of a like nature, by perfons not known ; and for regulating the printing and publication of such papers in other refpeds.

Cap. 79. More effedually to prevent, during the war, perfons, being his Majesty’s fubjeds, from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, or any country or place united to France, nr occupied by the armies of France \ and to prevent corre-fpondence with such perfons, and with his Majesty’s enemies.

Cap. 80. To explain aild amend an ad of the prefent feffion

of

 C 3gle

(.Publick General) 38 GEO. III.

of parliament, intituled, An aft for repeating the duties upon mnle fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs; and for granting to bis Majefiy other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 81. For the better execution of an a<51 of the prefeat feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejly an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war.

Cap. 82. For railing an additional fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thousand Cven hundred an'd ninety-eight.

Cap. 83; To authorife exchequer bills to be ifTued on the credit of the loan granted by an a£f, made in this prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifing the fum of fevsnteen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 84. To enable the lords commiffioners of his Majefly’s treafury to iflue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as (hall arife by virtue.of an act of this feffion, for granting an aid and contribution for the pr.ofecution of the War; and alio on such rates and duties as may be granted by any a£t of this leflion for the better pro^edtion of the trade of this kingdom ; and for granting new and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of (hips entering outwards or inwards.

Cap 85. For explaining and amending certain adfs relating to the damp duties; and for extending the rates and duties of damps, now payable on vellum, parchment, and paper, to all other materials.

Cap. 86. For abolifhing certain offices in the cuftoms, and for regulating certain other offices therein; and for applying the fees which have been received from vacant offices towards the augmentation of the fuperannuation fund.

Cap. 87. For the adminiftration of affiets in cafes where the executor to whom probate has been granted is out of the realm.

Cap. 88. For regulating, until the firft day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the (hipping and carrying of (laves in Britifo veflels from the coaft of Africa.

Cap. 89. For transferring the management of the fait duties to the commiffioners of excife; and for repealing the duties on fait, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties paid thereout, and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties thereon.

Cap. 90'. For enabling his Majesty to raife the fum of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned, an 1 for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this felfion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.

Cap. 91. For raifing the fum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills.

Cap. 92. To revive, continue until the tenth day of April one

thousand

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an a61, palled in the lad feilion or parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefly additional duties on dijhlleries in the feveral parts of td)e highlands of Scotland therein particularly deferibed, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on dijlilleriet in the refpec-live dijlrifts in Scotland ; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on fpirits diftilled for confumption, and a duty on unmalted grain ufed in diftillation, in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other acts of parliament for the regulation of diftilleries in Scotland.

Cap. 93. For afeertaining the duty payable on taxed carts.

Cap. 94. For the regulation of the provifional force of cavalry, railed by virtue of two abls of the laft feflion of parliament.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. r*|^ O amend two acts, made in the thiriy-firft and jj_ thirty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for taking down and rebuilding the parilh church of All Saints within the town and county of the town of Southampton.

Cap. 2. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feilion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two feveral abls, one palled in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the other in the fix-teenth year of his prefent Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to repairing the road from Tadcafter to Halton Dyal> in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 3. For extending the time limited for determining a lottery, eftablilhed under the authority of an a61, palled in the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for enabling Thomas Mack! in to difpofe of his colie ft ion of modern paintings, as now exhibited at his gallery in Fleet Street, by ivay of chance.

Cap. 4. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feilion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two feveral adls, the one made and palled in the twenty-fifth year of .the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the other in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harewood\ to the fouth-weft corner of the inclofures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knarefbrough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon> and from thence to the firft rill of water or watercourfe on Hutton Moor, in the county of York • and for repairing the Houghs or ruts on the faid moor, fo far as the fame relate to the road leading from the fouth-weft corner of the inclofures of Harrogate (through Knarefbrough) to Boroughbridge.

Cap. 5.

(Puhlick Local 6? Perfonal) 38 GEO. III.

Cap, 5. For continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, palled in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond’s Eau and Some rfh am Bridge; and for amending and widening the road from Somerfham Bridge to the Jheep market in Saint Ives; and alfo the road branching out of the Jaid road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth, to Earith, in the county tf/'Huntingdon.

Cap. 6. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and amending the powers of two adts refpe&ively made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth the year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the road from Penrith to Chalk Beck, with a branch from the faid road, upon Cafilefowerby pafture, to Caldbeck, all in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 7. For continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an a£l, palled in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from a place called Crouch Hill, in the parifh of Henfield, to the turnpike road leading from Brighthehn-flone to Cuckfeld, and from the eaft fide of the faid turnpike road to the town of Ditchling, in the county of Suffix; and alfo for repairing and widening the road from JJblefs Farm, in the parifh of Hurfper point, to the marie pit oppofiie to Newtimber Broad Lane, in the faid county.

Cap. 8. For more effedlually repairing, widening, and improving the road from Combe Bridge, through Winfley and Brad-ford to Stover ton, and the road from Bradford Bridge to Cock hill Gate, and the road from the bottom of Mafon s Lane, near the town of Bradford, all in the county of Wilts, to join the turnpike road leading from the city of Bath to Kingfdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the county of Somerft, and alfo feveral other roads leading from or near the faid roads, in the faid county of Wilts; and for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon, at Stokeford, in the fame county.

Cap. 9. For repairing and widening feveral roads in the county of Dumfries, to continue in force until the fir ft day of May one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and for converting the ftatute labour within the faid county into money ; and applying the fame towards repairing the highways within the faid county.

Cap. 10. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of two feveral adts, palled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Cirencefer

to

A TABLE of the STATUTES

to the town of Stroud, and that part, of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridgeand alfo the road leading from Cirentefer towards BiJIey, fo far as the bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the county of Gloucejler.  ;i

Cap. ii. For more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the road from the town of Mancbefer, by a place called The White Smithy, in the townfhip of Cnmpfall, to the town of Rochdale; and alfo the road from the faid place called The White Smithy, by a place called Bcffcs of the Barn, to the town of Bury ; and alfo the road from the laid place called Beffes of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge; and alfo the lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the townlhip of Prejhvich, all in the county palatine of Lancajler.

Cap. 12. For enlarging for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term and powers of an adt, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening the rends leading from the city of Glouceftcr, towards Cheltenham and Tcwkfbivy, in the county of Gloucejler.

Cap. 13. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term of two adls, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to the roads from the top of Crickhy Hill, in the county of Gloucejler, to Frog Mill, through the towns of Northleach, Bur-ford^ and Witney, and parifhes of Handborough and Bladon, to Campsf eld in the parifh of Kidlington, in the county of Oxford, and alfo the road from Campsfieid, to the turnpike road at or near Enflow Bridge, in the faid county of Oxford.

Cap. 14. To amend an adt, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for building a bridge over the river Oufe, at Newbaven, in the county of SuJJex.

Cap. 15. For enlarging the powers of the company of merchants of the city of Edinburgh.

Cap. 16- For paving, repairing, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the highways, ftreets, and lanes, in the town and port of Hythe, and liberty thereof, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuifances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 17. To, incorporate certain perfons therein named, and their fucceftors, with proper powers, for the purpose of continuing a manufactory of plate glafs, originally eftablifhed under an adt pafted in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, which is now expired.

Cap. 18. To vary the line of the Kennet and Avon canal authorifed to be made by two adfs pafted in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fixth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and alfo to extend the powers of, and to amend the faid adts.

Cap. 19. To amend an adt made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith.

Cap. 20a



{Publick Local &? Perfonal) 38 GEO. III.

Cap. 20. For continuing for twenty-one years, and frofri thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering the powers of two a&s, palled in the twenty-ninth and thirty-firft years of his prefent Majesty’s reign, for making and repairing the road from the city of Glafigow, by Muirkirk\ to the confines of the county of Ayr, and other roads * communicating therewith; and the road from the village of Gorbals, and new bridge of Glafgozv, by the chapel of Cambufkirig, till it joins the road from Hamilton by Burnbank towards Eagle-Jham in the county of Renfrew; and for building a bridge oyer the river Clyde at Dalmarnock or Far me Ford.

Cap. 21. For making and maintaining a road from near Dinwoodie Green, in the county of Dumfries, to or near Elvan-foot) in the county of Lanark.

Cap. 22. To continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and alter the powers, of an a<5t, pafied in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the roads from Whtftle Bridge in the parifin of Berwick, in the county of Somerjet, to the turnpike road in the parifh of Charminfler, in the county of Dor-feti from the crofs in the town of Maiden Newton, to a ftream of wafer in the parifh of South Perroit, in the county of Dorfet$ from Furze Moor Gate, in the parifh of Broadwinfior, to Len-ham's Water, in the parifh of Beaminfter; from Bugler's Corner, in the town of Beaminjler, to the Dorfet(hire Inn, in the pari 111 of Woolcombe ; and from the town of Fr amp ton, to the weftem turnpike road near Steepleton, in the faid county of Dorfet.

Cap. 23. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and' enlarging the powers, of an a6l, palled in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the weft riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the fame riding, fo far as relates to the road from Huddersfield to Penijlone.

Cap. 24. For more effedlually repairing feveral roads in the counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

Cap. 25. For making a new road or ftreet from Freefichool Street, Southwark, to Dockhead, and from thence through Hickman's Court, otherwife Rofie Court, to Lilliput Hall Bridge in Bermoncljey; and for enlarging, for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of pajliament, the term and powers of three a£ts, palled in the twenty-fecond year of his Iaie majefty King George the Second, and in the feventh and thirty-firft years of his prefent Majesty, for making a new road from New Street in Southwark, to and through the feveral places therein mentioned, and for repairing the fame, and other roads adjoining.

Cap. 26. For the better paving, lighting, and cleanfing of the ftreets, lanes, and other publick padages and places, in the town of Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham 5 and Vol. XLI.  b  for

A TABLE of the STATUTES

for removing the market for butchers meat in the faid town, and for regulating the faid market; and for repealing an ad, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An able for the pavinge of Newarke upon Trent, in the countie </Nottingham.

Cap. 27. To continue for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, two ads, feverally palled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the roads from Ham-ham Hilly near the city of New Sarim, in the county of IVihsy to an intrenchrnent on AJkerivell Hilly in the county of Dorfet; and from the Index Poji on the fide of Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a houfe called Mafter Baker’s Farm Houfe, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 28. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second and the nineteenth year of his prefent Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Car life to the town of Penrith y in the county of Cumberland, and from the faid town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Wejhnorland.

Cap. 29. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, or canal and inclined plane or railway, from and out of the New-cajlle- under-Lyme canal to the canal of fir Nigel Bowyer Grefley • baronet, near the town of Neivcafle-under-Ly me 9 and alfo another branch of canal, or inclined plane or railway, from and out of the faid laft-mentioned canal, at or near Apedale, to certain coal and other works,,all in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 30. For extending the Neath canal navigation, and for amending an aft, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for making the faid canal.

Cap. 31. For amending and enlarging the powers of an a<51, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An adi for making aad maintaining a navigable canalfrom^ or from near to> the town ^/Birmingham in the county ofW arwick, to communicate with the river Severn, near to the city of Worcefter.

Cap. 32. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation, from Mancbejhr to or near Ajhton under Lyne and Oldham, to ftnifh and complete the fame, and the feveral cuts and other works authorifed to be made and done by them, by the feveral ads palled for that purpose, and for amending the faid ads, and granting to the faid company further and other powers.

Cap, 33. For confirming and carrying into execution certain articles of agreement made and entered into between Beilby lord bifhop of London, Thamas Wood efquire, fir John Frederick baronet, and Arthur Stanhope efquire, fir John Morjhead baronet, and cfeffic Elizabeth his wife, and Robert fhijllethwayte. efquire, and

Selina

{Puhlick Local £5? Perfonal) 38 GEO. III.

Selina his wife, and the company of proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal; and for other purposes therein mentioned'.

Cap. 34. For rebuilding the workhoufe of the parifh of Saint Sepulchre, in the city of Loyidon; and for the better relief and employment of the poor in the faid parifh.

Cap. 35. To alter and enlarge the powers of an ail, palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for dividing the parifh of Saint James, in the city and county of Briftol, and county of Gloucefter, and for building a church, and providing a cemetery or church yard and parfonage houfe, within the new parifh.

Cap. 36. For altering the powers of two a£ls, palled in the thirty-fecond and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge over the water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillefton, in the county of Lanerk, and certain branches of road from the faid line of road, and for the other purposes mentioned therein.

Cap. 37. For more effedlually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the roads from the eaft end of Monk Bridge, near the city of Tori, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the north riding of the county of York, and alfo from Spittle Houfe, in the eaft riding of the faid county, to Scarborough afore fa id.

Cap. 38. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fellion of parliament, two acfts, the one pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcombe Corner, in the parifh of Winterflow, to Harnham Bridge, in the county of Wilts, andfrom the weft corner of Saint Anne’s Street, in the city ^New Sarum, to the parifhes ^Landford and Brook, and from thence to . Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Teft-wood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the county ^Southampton ; and the other palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, to continue and enlarge the term and powers of the faid atft, and for repairing and widening the road from Rom fey and Riugwood turnpike road, near the houfe of Francis Fry, to Lynd-hurf, and from a place called Ha?npton Ford to Lamb's Corner% in the faid county of Southampton, and for repairing the footways within the faid city.

Cap. 39. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fellion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of two a6ts, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Dewfbury to Ealand, in the weft riding of the county’of York.

Cap. 40. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fellion of parliament, the

b 2  term,

,  Hosted  by  

A TABLE of the STATUTES

term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two a£ts, the one palled in the twenty-fixth year’of the reign of King George the Second, and the other in the feventeenth year of his prefent' Majesty’s reign, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Dudley Hill, through Beckwithfioaw, to Killing hall, and from Beckwith-Jhaw to the fouth-vveft corner of Harrogate inclofures, in the county of York.

Cap. 41. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliamerit, the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two adts, the one pa (Ted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the other in the feventeenth year of his prefent' Majesty’s reign, fo far as the fame relate to the road from Bradford, through Adwalton, to Wakefield, in the county of York.

Cap. 42. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of an a£t, paffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and , widening the road from Rochdale Lane End, in the village of Heywood, in the par’rfh of Bury, to a place called The Land's End, in the parifh of Prepunch, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

Cap. 43. For continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the'end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of two feveral acts, the one palled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, the other in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for amending, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the top of Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe Hill gate, in the road leading to Farringdon, in the county of Berks, fo far as the fame relate to the Abingdon diftridt of the faid roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 44. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two adts, of the fecond and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from Colley Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of IVorccper, Stafford, and Salop, fo far as the fame relate to the road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and for repairing feveral other roads in the counties of IVcrcejler and Stafford*

Cap. 45. For enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, feveral adfs, of the twenty-fourth and twenty eighth years of his iate Majesty’s reign, and of the fourth and twenty-ninth years of his prefent Majesty’s reign, for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh ; and for building bridges over the rivers South and North Efic, and the water of" Leith, in the faid county.

Cap. 46. For paving the footways, and for clearing, lighting, and regulating the ft reel?, lanes, and other publick paffages

and

(Publick Local Csf Perfonal) 38 GEO..III. and places, within the town of Wincanton, in the county of Somerfet; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and obftrudiions therein.

Cap. 47. For amending and enlarging the powers of an a<5f, pafied in the thirty-third year of the reign of his* prefent Majefiy, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dunn navigation cut, at or near Stain forth, in the weft riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the river ■'Trent, at or near Keadby, in the county of Lincoln ;. and alfo a collateral cut from the faid canal, to join the faid river Dunn, in the parifh of Thorne, in the faid riding.

Cap. 48. For repairing the roads from the ftone pillar upon Alconbury-hill, to IVam ford Bridge ; and from Norman Cr ofs to the fouth end of Peterborough Bridge, all in the county of Huntingdon*, and for repealing certain adts relating thereto.

Cap. 49. To continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, and amend the powers of three adts pafied in the twenty-fecond and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King George the Second, and in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, for repairing the road from Wan ford Bridge, in the county of Northampton, to the town of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from Stamford aforefaid to the market crofs in the town of Bourn, in the faid county of Lincoln, and from the north end of Stamford Bridge to Scotgate, both in Stamford aforefaid.

Cap. 50. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two adls, the one pafied in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late ma-jefty Fling George the Second, and the other in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile ftone, beyond Willoughby Hedges through the town of Mere, in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the weft end of Long Lane in Kilmington, and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn turnpike crofs gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton to Spark ford, in the county of Somerfet • and alfo for altering, improving, and keeping in repair, feveral other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 51. For more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair the road leading from the town of Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancajlei\ to the town ot' Burnley^ in the faid county.

Cap..52. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term of an a£t, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, for amending and keeping in repair the road from Donsajler to the turnpike road which leads from Bawtry

b 3  to

A T A B L E of the S T A T U T E S

to Retford, in the counties of York and Nottingham, and for amending the faid a<St.

Cap. 53. For continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an a£t, paffed in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the maypole in the town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the town of Brighthelmjione, and from Poynings Common aforefaid to High Crofs, in the pari(h of Albourne, and from thence for the diftance of two furlongs of the road or lane leading towards Twineham, and from the marie pit near the bottom of Saddlef-comb Hill, in the parifti of Newtimber, to the marie pit fronting New timber Broad Lanei in the fame parifh, in the county of Suffex; and alfo for repairing and widening the road from the end of the two furlongs of the road or lane leading towards Twineham, unto Herring's Clappers, in the parifh of Twineham, in the faid county.

Cap. 54. For further continuing for thirty-eight years the term granted by an a£t of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of Ins late majefty King George the Second, for continuing the duty of tivo pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer fold in the city of Edinburgh, and places adjacent, for the purposes therein men-lioned; and for explaining and amending the faid a6t.

Cap. 55. For amending an a£t, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An apt to amend and render mere effectual an aft, made in the thirty-frft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, c An aft for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and aftze thereof and to punijb perfons who Jhall adulterate meal, flour, or bread,' fo far as the fame relates to the ajftze and making of bread to be fold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange.

Cap. 56. For continuing until the firft day of June one thou-fand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, an a6t, paffed in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, to prevent frauds and abufes in the admeasurement of coals, fold by wharf meafure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole, in the county of Middleftx.

Cap. 57. For incorporating the commiffioners appointed for erecting certain light-boufes in the northern parts of Great Britain.

Cap. 58. For obviating and removing doubts refpedHng the holding of the adjournments of the general court of quarter feflion s of the peace in and for the county palatine of Lancafter, and for authorifing the juftices of the peace, adding in and for the faid county, to hold an annual general feflion, and alfo a fpecial feflion, for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 59. For paving the footways, and for cieanfing, light -

ihg,

{Publick Local fc? Per fond) 38 GEO. IIL ing, and regulating the ftreets, and other publick paflages and places, within the borough of Malmefbury, in the county of Wilts, and the avenues leading into the fame; and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and cbftrudtions therein.

Cap. 60. For making and maintaining a new fewer, upon Little Tower Hilly within the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 61. To explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of an adt, parted in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for widening and improving the en-trance into the city of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious fireet or paffage at Snow Hill, and for raifing, om the credit of the orphan's fundy a fum of money for those purposes.

Cap. 62. For authorifing the truftees therein named, to raife money by rates or afTefTments, within the parifh of Saint Peter, in the borough and liberty of Saint Albany in the county of Hert-fordy for the better and more effedtually difcharging annuities, heretofore granted to certain perfons who have advanced money towards repairing the church belonging to the faid parilh.

Cap. 63. For draining, preferving, and improving, the low grounds and carrs, lying in the feveral parilhes, lordfhips, townfhips, hamlets, precindts, and territories, of Beverlef Saint John of B ever ley y Grovehill, Sandholmey Storkhilly Mole/-crofty Leckonfieldy Arraniy Scorbroughy Lockingiony Ay key Befwicky Wilfholmey Kilnwicky Watt on, Hutton-Cranfwicky Rotfeay Feather-holmey Skerney Brighamy Fijhholmey Najfertotiy Lowthorpey Harp-hatriy Little Kelky Fojloriy Burton-AgneSy Granfmoory Liffety BartnJ-tony Ulram other wife Oivraniy Skipfeay Dringhoey Beef or dy North Frodingharny Brandes-Burtotiy Mocr-TovMy Leveriy Emmotlancf He?npholmey Goodhill Houfey and Struncheon Hilly all in the eaft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 64. To alter and enlarge the powers of an adt, parted in the thirty-rtxth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for building a bridge over the river Itchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for making a road from the faid town to the faid bridgey and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Weft End to Botley, in the comity of Southampton.

Cap. 65. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fertion of parliament, the term, and altering the powers of two feveral adts, the one palled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the other in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pondy and from the top of Hinkfey Hill to Fox-combe-hill Gatey in the road leading to Farringdoiiy in the county of Berksy fo far as the fame relate to the Oxford diftridt of the faid roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 66. For more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the road from Tetbwyy in the county of Gloucejhrf to

b 4  and

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and through Malmefbury, to the church way in Lower Stanton Field, in the county of Wilti, there to join the turnpike road leading from Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton afore laid ; and from Malmefbury to the turnpike road at or near Jackamenfs Bottom) in the faid county of Glouccfter; and alfo the road from Farringdon to Cficklade, from thence to Malmefbury) and to the turnpike road at Alton Turville; and alfo from Sherjlone to the turnpike road leading from Tetbuty to Bath; and for making, maintaining, widening, and improving feveral other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 67. For continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and rendering more effectual, feveral a£is for repairing the road from the Golden Farmer near Jdagfhot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertford-Bridge Hill) in the county of Southampton) and from thence to Bafwgftoke and 0diham, both in the faid county of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the road from the fouthern extremity of Northzvanborough Lane near Odiham afore-faid, over Northwan bo rough Common, Hook Common) and Bartley Heath) and through the parifhes of Rotberwicke, Mattingley) and Heckficld) to a place called the Bull Inn in the parifh of Szval-loivfield) on the turnpike road leading from the town of Reading) in the county of Berksy to Bofmgfloke aforefaid.

Cap. 68. For the better government and Regulation of the free grammar fchool of King Edward the Sixth, at Shrewfbury) in the county of Salop.

Cap. 69. For feparating the two parifhes, called The Out Parifh ' of Saint Philip and Jacob) and The Parifh of Saint George, in the county of Gloucejler) as to the maintenance of the poor and the repairs cf the highways of those parifhes, and as to all rates, ah’efiments, and taxes, except the land tax ; arid for providing a workhoufe for the reception of the poor of the laid parifh of Sai?it George • and for the better relief and management of the poor of both parifhes.

Cap, 70. For draining and preferving certain lands and fen grounds lying in the parifhes of Gulwell) Stow Bardolph, Wim-botfloani) and Downham, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 71. For more effectually widening, repairing, and amending the road from Crofsford Bridge) through the townfhips of Stretford and Hidme) to the town of ManchefleT) in the county palatine of Lancafler.

Cap. 72. For the better fecurity and defence of the town and port of Liverpool.

PRIVATE  ACTS.

I.  AN a£t for dividing and allotting the commonable paf-jljL tures within the parifh of Cbcdzoy> in the county of Somerfet.

2. An

(Private) 38 GEO. III."

2.  An n£l for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the common fields, commons, commonable lands, and wade grounds, within the parifh of Hetherfett, in the county of Norfolk.

3.  An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, a certain

wade or common, called Elfled Marfb, within the feveral parities of Eljied and Protton, or one of them, in the county of Sujfew .  _

4.  An a£l for naturalizing Henry Jolivet.

5.  An a6t for naturalizing John Fredrick Peter Schmidingm

6.  An a61 for naturalizing Auguftus Frederick Piefchel.

7.  An a6\ for naturalizing John Joachim Duderick Wegener.

8.  An act to enable the right honourable Richard /Haworth lord Braybrooke, baron of Braybrooke, and Richard Neviiie, Henry Neville, George Neville, and William Neville, and all and every other fon and Tons of the faid Richard Aldwcrth lord Braybrooke, and their iffue male, refpedtively, when they dial) re-fpedlively become beneficially entitled to the pofieftion, or to the rents and profits, of certain edates devifed by the will of the late right honourable John Griffin, lord Howard de Walden and lord Braybrooke, deceafed, or fhall become entitled to the peerage of the barony of Braybrooke in pofleflion, to ufe and take the furname, and bear the arms, of Grffin, purfuant to the laid will.

9.  An ac\ for naturalizing Lewis Sack.

10.  An a<ft for dividing and allotting the open and common-able padure, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, certain open and commonable arable lands, within the parifh of Middlezoy, in the county of Somerfet.

11.  An a6t for dividing and enclofing the feveral open fields, lammas clofes, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Great Lcke, otherwise Eaji Lekc, in the county of Nottingham.

12.  An a6l to diffolve the marriage of James Fozard with Sarah Sophia Leche, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13.  An a6t for naturalizing John Lewis Foamier.

14.  An a6t for naturalizing John Frederick Ifelin a-nd Daniel Eckenjlein.

15.  An a & for naturalizing Henry Ferdinand Pelevin.

16.  An a6l for veding divers lands and hereditaments, in the pari 111 of Chillingly otherwife Chiddingly, in the county of Suffixt part of the fettled edate of the reverend Henry Chatfield clerk, in him and his heirs, and for fubdituting and fettling other lands and hereditaments'in the parities of Balcombe and Weft-hoathly, in the faid county, the edate and inheritance of the faid Henry Chatfield, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

17.  An a61 tor dividing and enclofing the moors, commons, and wafte grounds, within that part of the manor of Afkerton, in the barony of Giljland, which lies within the parilh of Stapleton, in the county of Cumberland.

18.  An a6t for dividing and enclofing the moors, commons,

and

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and wafte grounds, in the manors of Upper Denton and Nether Denton, within, and parcel of, the barony of Giljland, in the county of Cumberland.

19.  An adl for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open town field called Sowerby Fields a certain ftinted pafture called The Ox Moor, and a common or moor called South Moor, and other wafte grounds, within the townfhip of Sowerby, in the north riding of the county of York.

20.  An act for dividing and allotting the open and commonable paftures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open and commonable arable lands, within the hamlet of Chilton, in the parifh of Moorlinch, in the county of So-merfet.

21.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, lying and being within the manor and parifh of Emberton, in the county of Buckingham.

22.  An act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, certain open and common fields, lying within the feveral tythings of Upton and Milton, within the parifh of Eajl Knoyle otherwife Bijhops Knoyle, in the county of Wilts.

23.  An act for dividing and enclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, .within the town lb ip or liberty of Keyworth, in the county of Nottingham.

24.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the open, arable, and common fields, downs, paftures, and commonable lands, within the parifh of Guiting Power, in the county of Gloucejier.

25.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, all the commons and wafte lands in the townfhips of Broughton, Pent-robinand Banned^ within the manor and parifh of Hawarden, in the county of Flint.

26.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Bozeat, in the county of Northampton.

27.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and all other commonable lands, within the hamlet of Kelmfcot, in the parifh of Broadivell, in the county of Oxford.

28.  An adt for dividing, enclofing, allotting, and improving, the feveral open and common fields, ings, meadows, paftures, moors, commons, waftes, and other uninclofed lands and grounds, within the townfhip of Mejfmgham, and that part of the hamlet of Eajl Butlerwick, in the parifh of Mejfmgham, in the county of Lincoln.

29.  An adt for dividing and enclofing the common fields, mefne encloiures, and w-afte lands, within the townfhip of Ulley, in the feveral parifhes of Treeton and dflon^ in the weft riding of the county of York.

30.  An adt for naturalizing Nicholas Wanoftrocht.

31.  An act for naturalizing Jacob Reiohard and Peter Raymond Poland0

32. An

(Private) 38 GEO. III.

32.  An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, certain moors, commons, or watte lands, lying within the manor and parifh of Portbury, in the county of Somerfet.

33.  An a<5t to enable George Pe/cod, efquire, a lunatic, or his committee, to execute conveyances, furrenders, and arguments, of luch of the ettates deviled by the will of William Pe/cod, efquire, deceafed, in truft, for payment of his debts and legacies, as are, or (hall be, fold under the decree of the high court of chancery.

34.  An acSt for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the com^ irion fields, half year or (hack lands, lamrnas meadows, commons, and wade grounds, within the manor and pari(h of Stanton, in the county of Suffolk.

35.  An act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields in the parifhes of Medjlead and Bentwortby in the county of Southampton.

36. An a<tt for dividing and enclofing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and wade lands, within the parifh of Rey-don, in the county of Suffolk.

37.  An aci for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the pari fh of Bradford P ever ell, in the county of Dorfet.

' 38. An actt (or dividing and allotting the open and common fields, and orher commonable lands and g ounds, within the parifhes of Rockborne, in the county of Southampton, and Wick* bury, in the county of Wilts.

39. An act for dividing and enclofing the heaths, fen grounds, commons, and^wafte lands, within the parifhes of Gi/eham and Pakefield, in the county of Suffolk.

40.  An actt for vetting certain Undivided moieties of feveral mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in Suffex, part of the fettled ettates of Sir John Honywood, baronet, in truflees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing by fale thereof, under

. the direction of the court of chancery, in the purchafe of other ettates to be fettled to the fame ufes.

41.  An a<5t for vetting certain fettled ettates of Torry Elfton,

' late of Holbeach Marjh, in the county of Lincoln, grazier, but

now of Wijbsach Saint Peter's, in the ille of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, merchant, and Elizabeth his wife, fituate at Gon-nerby, Mantborpe, and Aldington, in the laid county of Lincoln* in truttees, in truft, to convey the fame to the right honourable Broivnlow lord Brownlovu, and for laying out the purchafe money in the purchafe of other hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

42.  An a6t for exchanging part of the ettates fettled by the will of Jacob Houblon, efquire, tor part of the ettates comprized in the marriage fenlement of his fon John Houblon, efquire.

43.  An a6t for vetting the fettled ‘ eftate of Edward Seymour Baily, efquire, and Phillis his wile, in the county of Kent, in truttees, to be fold, and for applying part of the monies thence ariiing in dilcharge of incumbrances^ and for laying out the

refidue.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

refid ue, under the dire&ion of the court of chancery, in the purchafe of other eftates, to he fettled in lieu thereof.

44.  An a'6l to explain and amend an a6t, pafled in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An afl to explain and amend an a 51, pajjed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late tnajefty Afueen Anne, intituled, 6 An aft for augmenting the number of canons refidetitiary in the cathedral church 0/* Lichfield, and for improving the dea?iry and prebends of the faid cathedralf and to make further provifion for the canons refidentiary in the faid cathedral church, and an addition to the fabrick fund thereof.

45.  An a<ft for veiling certain freehold and copyhold efiates devifed by the will of the latz Arthur Jones, efquire, deceafed, in the counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlefex, and in the cities and liberties of London and Wefl~ minjler, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the monies to arife by such fale, together with the fum of fifty-three thou-fand three hundred and thirty-three pounds three fhillings and four-pence, three pounds per centum confoiidated bank annuities, Handing in the name of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, on truft, in a certain caufein the faid court, Macknamara againft Jones, being the clear refidue of the per-fonal efiate of the faid teftator Arthur Jones, in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for enabling the laid truftees to grant leafes of the eftates. fo to be purchafed, and alfo to cut timber growing thereupon, fubjedl to reftridfions.

46.  An adt for dividing and allotting the open and common-able pafture and turbary lands, and for exchanging, allotting, and fencing, the open anda commonable arable lands, and for Hinting and regulating the flocking and depafturing certain droves, in the village or hamlet of Catcott, within the parifh of Aloorlinch, in the county of Somerfet.

47.  An act for dividing and enciofing the feveral open and common fields, meadows, paftures, wafte lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the' parifh of Sandy, in the county of Bedford.

48.  An adt for dividing and enciofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commonable lands, and waftk grounds, in the parifh of Wilbarjlon, in the county of Northampton.

49.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and enciofing, the common, or parcel of wafte land, called Bleathwood Common, within the parifh of Little Hereford, in the county of Hereford.

50.  An adl for dividing and enciofing a certain common and wafte grounds within the manor and townfhip of Sicklinghall zvith Woodhall, in the parifh of Kirkby Overblova, in the weft riding of the county of York.

51.  An adt for dividing and allotting, in feveralty, the common arable fields, common downs, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable places, within the parifh of Sbreivton, in the county of Wilts*

52. An

(Private) 38 GEO. Ilf.

52.  An ad for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and'other commonable lands, within the parifh of Wejlon Turville, in the county of Buckingham.

53.  An adl for dividing, allotting, enclofing, and improving, a moor, or trad of wade ground, called Tweedmouth and Spittle Common, and all other the commonable lands and grounds, in the chapelry of Tweedmouth, and county of Durham, and for extinguishing the right of common upon'certain ancient infield lands within the faid chapelry.

54.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the feve-ral commons and wafie lands lying within the manor and parifh of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

55.  An ad for allotting and dividing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and wade grounds, lying within the parifhes of Harjlon and Hauxton, and certain open and common fields, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, lying in certain fields called Mount Field, Red Dean Field, and Peffills Field, and part of a certain moor called Little Sheford Moor, within Flarfton and Hauxton aforesaid, and the parifhes of Little Shelford and Newton, fome or one of them, all in the: county of Cambridge.

56.  An ad for dividing and enclofing the common and wade grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor and town-fhip of Kirkby Overblow, in the pari da of Kirkby Overblow, in the wed riding of the county of York.

57.  An ad to diffolve the marriage of Samuel Boddington, efquire, with Grace AJhburner his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

58.  An ad for diffolving the marriage of the honourable and reverend Thomas James Twijleton with Charlotte Anne Frances his now wife, late Charlotte Anne Frances Watt ell9 and for enabling him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

59.  An ad for difiolving the marriage of James Woodmajon, efquire, with Mary Magdelain his now wife, latz Mary Magde-lain Gaville, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

60.  An ad for naturalizing Eberhard Fredrick. Rheinwald.

61.  An ad for natnralizing Emily de Vifme an infant.

62.  An ad for naturalizing John Brock.

63.  An ad for veiling part of the fettled edate of John Guitton, efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be conveyed purfuant to articles entered into for the fale thereof, and for laying out the money arifing therefrom in the purchafe of other eftates to. be fettled to the fame ufes.

. 64* An ad for veding part of the fettled eftates of Sir Robert Lnwley, baronet, in the counties of Stafford and Warwick, in truftees, and their heirs, in truft, for the faid Sir Robert Law-ley, to be fold, and for fettling other lands and hereditaments, in the county of Salop y of greater value, in lieu thereof. ,

65.  An ad for extinguilhing all right of common in, upon, or over, certain woods or wood grounds, in the parifh of Whip-

fnadey

A TABLE of the. ST A TUT ES

/node, in the county of Bedford; and for enabling IVilliam Beckford, efquire, the owner of the faid woods or wood grounds, to enclufe the fame; and for vetting a perpetual clear yearly rent charge, to be iffuing out of the fame woods or wood grounds, in the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the laid parifh, to be applied in aid of the poor rates, as a compen-fation for such right of common.

66.  An a61 for dividing and allotting certain commons or moors called Chilton Common, other wife Wild Marfl.\ Pury Green, and Harp Common, and alfo for dividing, regulating, and improving, certain common fields or grounds called Chilton Moor, and Pury Moor, all fituate within the feveral parifhes of Chilton Trinity, Wemhdon, Burleigh, and Bridgwater, in the county of Somerfet.

67.  An act for dividing and allotting, with powers to en-clofe, the open and common fields, common paftures, commons, and watte lands, within the parifh of Kenfworth, in the county of Hertford.

68.  An a6V for vetting certain eftates devifed by the will of Sir Edward Lloyd, baronet, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money to arife by such fale in the purchafe of other ettates, to be fettled, under the direction of the court of chancery, to the fame ufes, and for other purposes.

69.  An act to confirm the renunciation and releafe of fames Gordon, efquire, as one of the devifees, in trutt, of Samuel Whitbread, efquire, deceafed, and to give powers of fale and exchange over the fettled and devifed eftates late of the faid Samuel Whitbread, and power of changing and appointing new truftees of the fame eftates, and alfo power of granting building leafes of certain parts thereof.

70.  An a61 for allowing timber to be cut upon the fettled eftates of Le Gendre Pierce Starkie, efquire, and applying the money to arife therefrom in the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled to the fame ufes, and allowing conveyances in fee, and leafes for long terms of years, to be made of part of such fettled eftates, for the purpose of building.

71.  An a61 for vetting the fee Ample of certain eftates, devifed bv the will of Sir John Mordaunt deceafed, in the right honourable Charles Henry earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, in lieu of other eftates fettled to the ufes of the faid will.

72.  An act for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, all the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and commonable grounds and places, within the parifh of Thurcafon, in the county of Leicefler.

73.  An a6t for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and commonable grounds and places, within the parifh of Swithland, in the county of Leicefler.

74.  An a6t for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, the open common fields, common meadows, and other commonable

lands

(Private) 38 GEO. III.

lands and grounds, in the parifh of Mavis Enderby, in the county of Lincoln.

75.  An aft for dividing and allotting, in feveralty, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common paftures, and commonable places, within, or belonging to, the parilli of Sutton Veny, in the county of Wilts.

76.  An aft for dividing and enclofing the common and open fields, mefne inclofures, commons, and wade lands, within the manor and parifh of Hartington, in the county of Derby.

77.  An aft for dividing,-allotting, and enclofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Long Stow, in the county of Cambridge.

78.  An aft for dividing and enclofing certain common fields, in the parifh of Stone, in the county of Stafford, called Stone Fields and The Sandpits.

79.  An aft for dividing, allotting, and enclofing, a certain parcel or traft of commonable ground, formerly part of fjhieen or Little Sedgmoor, in the parifti of Saint John the Baptift, in Glajlonbury, and alfo certain parcels of wafte land in the laid parifh, and in the parifh of Saint Benedict, in Glajlonbury, all in the county of Somerfet.

80.  An aft for dividing and enclofing the open and common fields, commons and wafte lands, in the parifh of Caddington, in the counties of Bedford and Hertford.

81.  An aft for dividing, allotting, enclofing, draining, and laying in feveralty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable land, commons, heaths, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Swaffham Bulbed, in the county of Cambridge.

82.  An aft: for amending fo much of an aft, patted in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled. An aft for dividing, enclofing, and draining, the open common fields, common pafiures, commonable and wafie lands, and fen lands, within the manor and parifh of Warboys, in the county of Huntingdon, as relates to the lands or grounds thereby direfted to be fet out and allotted in lieu of tythes.

83.  An aft for naturalizing Carl Friedrich Giefier.

84.  An aft: to eftablifh and confirm an exchange made by and between the reftor of the parifh church of Kirk Deighton and Thomas Thornton,^quire, of part of his glebe lands, for other lands there, the property of the faid Thomas Thornton, which are more conveniently fituated for the faid reftor, and his fuc-ceflors.

85.  An aft for veiling certain mefliiages and lands at Charlton Row and Grindlow, in the county of Lancafer, in the guardians of John Hyde, efquire, an infant, the only fan and refiduary legatee named in the laft will and teftament of Nathan Hyde, efquire, deceafed, in truft, to contraft with Holland Ackers, efquire, for the fale of, and to convey tfye fame to him upon the

terms

Hosted

A TABLE of the ST ATUTES,-&c.*.

terms mentioned and fpecified in a certain contract made by the faid Nathan Hyde with the faid Holland Ackers, and in cafe the faid Holland, Ackers (ball not be willing to enter into such con'** trad, then to contract with any other perfon or perfons for the fale of, and to convey the fame together, not in parcels, to such perfon or perfons, upon the fame or better terms.

86.  An act for naturalizing James Ecbert Hoolhoom.

87.  An ad for naturalizingkVilliam Brodum, dodor of phy-

uck. v  *  -

83. An ad for naturalizing John Frederick Holzvhede.

END OF THE TABLES. '

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Alttno GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae, Britannia Francis, & , tri-cejimo feptimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the twelfth day of July,, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued,  by feveralprorogatito the twenty-

feventh day of September 1796; being the firjl fejjion of the eighteenth parliament Great Britain.

I

CAP. I.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cycler, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred 'and ninety-, feven,—[ Nov. 2, 1796.]

CAP. II.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majelly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.—[November 2, 1796 ]

Four ihillings in the pound. In England to raife 1,989,673!. 75. iod iq. In Scotland 47,954!. is, 2d.—Total 2,037,6271. 9s. od. iq.

CAP. III.

An a FI for providing an augmentation to ike militia3 to be trained and exercijed in the manner therein dire£led\ and for enabling bis Majesty to caufe the fame to be embodied% in cafe of neceffity, for the defence of thefc kingdoms.—[November n, 1796.J

Vol. XLL ~  E  WHEREAS,



2

Preamble. a6 Geo. 3. c« 107.

34 Geo. 3.

c. 16^

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo GeorgIi lit. c. 3. [1796*

WHEREAS, by an ad paffed in the twenty fixth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft for amending and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, a certain number of men are direded to be raifed in the feveral counties, ridings, and places in England, to ferVe in the militia; and by another ady pajfed in the thirty fourth year of the reign of his /aid Majefly, intituled, An aft for augmenting the militia, the feveral regiments, battalions, and companies of militia, have been augmented by such numbers of volunteers as his Majejly hath, under the authority of the faid lajl-mentioned ad, thought proper from time to time to add thereto: and whereas, in order to prevent or repel any attempt which the enemies of the country ?nay make to effed a defcent upon this kingdom, it is expedient to aug?nent the militia forces in such manner, and to provide that such augmentation may be trained, and exercifed to arms, zvithout delay, and embodied in cafe of emergency: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority Lieutenants of of the fame. That his Majesty’s lieutenants, conftituted and ap-counties ap- pointed by virtue of the faid a ft of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, virtue of the ^or counties9 ridings, and places, herein-after mentioned, firft recited aft fhall refpeftively have full power and authority, and are hereby to carry this required to call together, arm, array, and caufe to be trained and exercifed, such perfons, and in such manner, as is hereinafter direfted ; and the faid lieutenants {hall alfo have, and are hereby vefted with full power and authority, to carry this aft into execution, and to appoint a proper number of officers afting with the regiment, battalion, or company, raifed by virtue of either of the faid ads of the twenty-fixth and thirty-fourth years aforesaid, for such county or riding, or such other proper perfons as are duly qualified and approved of, according to the directions of the faid former afts, or this aft, or such other perfons as are herein-after defcribed, to be officers of militia, to train, difcipline, and command the perfons fo to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions herein-after mentioned, and to do all other afts, matters, and things neceflary for carrying this aft into execution, in like manner, and as fully, and effectually, as they are authorifed to carry into execution the faid former afts, or any of them; and that in the abfence of any lieutenant, or where there {hall be no lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, duly authorifed by hi§ Majesty, may aft in all things touching the execution of this aft, as they might do in the execution of the faid former afts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if a fuf-ficient number of officers afting with the regiment, battalion, or company, raifedby virtueofthe faid former afts, for the county, rid— found officers ing> or place5or perfons qualified as aforesaid, cannot be found to in theVmy, accept of commiffions in the fupplementary militia to be raifed by or who have virtue of this aft, it {hall be lawful for the faid lieutenants and retired from  deputy

into execu tion

In their abfence deputy lieutenants may aft.

If a fufficient number of qualified perfons cannot be

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3.  3

deputy lieutenants refpedfively, to appoint for that fervice, such the army or a number of the officers in the army, whether on full or on half pointed pay, or of perfons who have had commiffions in any of his Ma- though not * jefty’s forces, or in the militia, and have retired therefrom, as qualified, his Majesty (hall approve, although not duly qualified as afore-faid; such officers not to be appointed, on their fir ft appoint* ment, to any higher rank in the faid fupplementary militia, than they refpectively have, 01; have had, in his Majesty’s other forces or in the militia.

III.  And be it further enabled, That the number of private Number of. men to be raifed by virtue of this a<5t (hall be as follows; (that fabe^s foju is to fay),  lows.

For the county of Bedford, two hundred and fifty-four.

For the county of Berks, seven hundred and forty-nine.

For the county of Bucks,-fix hundred and fixty-two.

For the county of Cambridge, fix hundred and forty-fix.

For the county of Chejler, with the city and county of the city of Chejler, one thousand four hundred and fixty.

For the county of Cornwall, eight hundred and twenty-eight.

Forthe county of Cumberland, one thousand one hundred and eighty.

For the county of Derby, one thousand fix hundred and fixty-fix.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, one thousand fix hundred and ninety-four.

For the county of Dorfet, with the town and county of the town of Poole, one hundred and eighty-five.

For the county of Durham, eight hundred.

For the county of Effex, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-fix.

For the county of Gloucejler, with the city and county of the city of Gloucefer, and the city and county of the city of Brijlo/, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-feven.

For the county of Hertford, fix hundred and fixty-two.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred.

For the county of Huntingdon, none.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, one thousand eight hundred and feventy-three.

For the county of Lancafter, five thousand one hundred and fixty.

For the county of Leicester, nine hundred and twenty-eight.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, two thousand one hundred and forty.

For the county of Middlefex (exclufive of the Dower divifion, commonly called The Tower Hamlets,) five thousand eight hundred and twenty.

For the county of Monmouth, three hundred and fixty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, one thousand nine hundred and ninety-two.

For the county of Northampton, one thousand one hundred and twenty-eight.

For the county of Northumberland," with the town and county of the town of Newcajlle upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, eight hundred and twenty-four.

b %  For

At meetings in purluance of the firft recited adt the county lieutenants,

• See to carry this into execution as that act, except where hereby altered.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgxi Ill.e, 3*. [1796*

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, eight hundred and ninety-fix.

For the county of Oxford, eight hundred and fifty-two.

For the county of Rutland, eighty.

For the county of Salop, one thousand five hundred and fifty-eight.

For the county of Somerfet, two thousand nine hundred and fixty. For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, eight hundred and forty-feven.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, two thousand and ninety-five.

For the county of Suffolk, one thousand four hundred and feventy. For the county of Surrey, two thousand four hundred and fixty. For the county of Suffex, one thousand one hundred and fixty. For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, (but exclufiveof Birmingham,) nine hundred.

For the county of Weftmoreland, three hundred and fifty.

For the county of Worcefter, with the city and county of the city of Worcejler, eight hundred and twenty-five.

For the county of Wilts, one thousand and forty-nine.

For the weft riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, four thousand fix hundred and ninety-four.

For the north riding of the faid county, one thousand three hundred and fixty.

For the eaft riding of the faid county, with the town and county of the town of Kingjlon upon Hull, eight hundred and fixty-one. For the county of Anglcfiea, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Brecon, three hundred and forty.

For the county of Cardigan, four hundred and feventy-four. f or the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Car-marthen, seven hundred and ninety.

For the county of Carnarvon, one hundred and feventv-fix.

For the county of Denbigh, four hundred and twenty.

For the county of Flint, three hundred and eleven. ,

For the county of Glamorgan, fix hundred and twenty-two.

For the county of Merioneth, one hundred and feventy-four.

For the county of Montgomery, two hundred and fifty-nine.

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford Weft, three hundred and thirty-one.

And for the county of Radnor, two hundred and twenty.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That at the feveral meetings of the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of every county, riding, and place, which fhall be holden in purfuance of the faid act of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, at any time after the palling of this a£t, or at any fpecial meetings to be held for the purpose, if neceftary, the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants there refpectively attending, and aifo the juftices of the peace of the fame county, riding, or place, fhall carry this a£l into execution, in like manner as they are directed to carry into execution the faid except

1796*] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3.  5

cept where any alteration is made by this a6t; and that at the At the firft firft fub-divifion meeting of deputy lieutenants, held within their refpedtive fub-divifions, after the pafTmg of this aeft, at which a whlch a rereturn of the lifts of men liable to be ballotted into the militia, turn ofmen by virtue of the faid former a6ls, fhall have been, or fhall be then liable to be made, the deputy lieutenants there attending, fhall caufe a dupli- y ^tue* of the cate of such lifts to be made out, and after hearing appeals againft former adts the fame, fhall diredf the duplicate of such lifts to be amended as fhall be made, the cafe fhall require, and in such manner that the names of all a duplicate of perfons liable to be ballotted for by virtue of this aft to ferve in bYmadeYn the fupplementary militia, hereby directed to be raifed, fhall be which the inferted therein, and fhall alfo diredt the names of all perfons by names of per* this a£t refpedtively excepted from fo ferving, to be ftruck out of fons liable to the duplicate of the faid lift; and fhall appoint the times and places f^unde^this for their fecond meetings, within their refpedtive fub-divifions; a£ fhall be and fhall return to the clerk of the general meetings, for the ufe inferted, See• of the faid general meetings, certificates, under their hands, of the number of men in each parifh, tything, or place, fpecified in the duplicate of the lift fo amended, and the fame fhall be filed by the clerk for the ufe of the general meetings, and which general meetings are empowered to alter the fame, in like manner as they may do under the faid a£t of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid.

V.  And be it further enacted, That a general meeting of A general

.lieutenancy fhall be held in each county, riding, or place, as foon ]™uten!mcv after such firft fub-divifion meeting as may be, and before the to be held as time appointed for the fecond fub-divifion meeting; and at such foon as may-general meeting the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or such be after the^ of them as fhall be prefent at such meeting, fhall appoint the  ~

number of men to ferve in purfuanee of this adi for each hundred, aTwhich^he^ rape, lath, wapentate, or other di vifton, within such county, number of riding, or place, according to the numbers contained in the cer- men to ferve tincates received from the lev era! fub-divifion meetings, in such tor the county manner as they are authorised to do by the faid adf of the twenty- 0f this a& fixth year aforefaid.  fhall beap-

VI.  And belt further cnadted, That the deputy lieutenants, pointed, aftembled at their faid fecond meeting held after the palling of At the fecond this act, within any fub-divifion as aforesaid, fhall appoint what fub-divifion number of men fhall ferve for each parilli, tything, and- place, YYber of C within such fub-divifion, in proportion to the number appointed men to ferve to ferve for each hundred, rape, lath, wapentate, or other divi- for each parilli lion; and fhall appoint another meeting to be holden as foon as fhall be ap-^ conveniently may be, and within three weeks from the day on YlYuother which such meeting was holden, within the fame fub-divifion; meeting.

and fhall ifliie out an order to the chief conftables, or other ofti- Orders to be cers of the refpective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or blued to the other divifions, requiring' them to give notice to the conftable, chief confta-tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parifh, ty- Ydce^to the thing, or place, within their refpective hundreds, rapes, laths, conliable of wapentakes, or other divifions, of the number of men, fo ap- each parifh of . pointed to ferve for such parifh, tything, or place, and of the the number time and place of the next fub-divifion meeting; and the faid ^YofUie^iext

33 3

 jCJOvTC

Anno regni trlcefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1796.

deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, aflembled in

6

meeting, at

^iall he'chofen Pur^uanc^ °f such appointment, (hall caufe the number of men by ballot out appointed to ferve as aforesaid, to be chofen by ballot out of the of the dupli- duplicate of the lift returned for every parifh, tything, or place cate of the lift aforesaid, and amended, where occafion requires, according to and another t]le directions of this a£t, and (hall appoint another meeting to be holden, as foon as conveniently may be, and within three weeks, in the fame fub-diviiion; and fhall iffue out an order to the chief conftables, or other officers of the refpedlive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, to direct the con-ftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parifh, notice to'the tything, or place, to give notice to every man fo chofen to ferve men fo chofen in the fupplementary militia, to be raifed by virtue of this acl, to

meeting appointed, and order iffued to the chief conftable to direct the con-' liable to give

to appear thereat

Conftable to make a return upon oath at the

appear at such meeting, which notice fhall be given or left at his place of abode, at leaft seven days before such meeting; and such conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer Avail attend such meeting, and make a return upon oath of the days when such notice was ferved; and every perfon fo chofen by ballot meeting; and fhall, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, and there take ^ot^e^he^11 t^le ^°^ow^ng oath; (that is to fay),

oath; ^  1  T  i do fincerely promife and fwear, That I will be faith-

4 A ful, and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George; and 4 I do fwear, that I am a Proteftant, and that I will faithfully 4 ferve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for 4 the defence of the fame, during the prefent war, and for the fpace 4 of one calendar month after the end thereof/

and to be enrolled.

Perfon s chofen may find fub-ftitutes of the. fame county, who, if approved, lli all be enrolled and fvvorn.

And every such perfon fhall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to ferve in the militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, during the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the end thereof.

VII.  Provided always, That if any perfon fo chofen by ballot fhall produce for his fubftitute, a man of the fame county, able and fit for fervice, and who fhall be approved by the laid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, such fubftitute, fo produced and approved, fhall be enrolled to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, for such term as the perfon for whom he fhall be a fubftitute fhall have been chofen to ferve, and such fubftitute fhall take the oath before-mentioned ; and any perfon fo chofen by ballot, for whom such fubftitute fhall have been io produced, approved, enrolled, and fvvorn as aforesaid, fhall not be again ballotted for in purfuance of this act.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That such deputy lieutenants fhall not rejedl any perfon fo produced as a

Subftitute not to be ob-

accoun^oftbe fubftitute for or on account of the number of his children; any number of his thing in any former a£t contained to the contrary notwithftanding. children.  IX.  Provided  alfo,  and  be  it  further  enacted.  That  if  any

^d^eniolled1 Pcr^ori> c^°^cn by ballot, who fhall have been enrolled in the

faid

1796'] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3.  7

faid fupplementary militia, fhall at any time, during the continu- producing ance of this aft, produce for his fubftitute any perfon of the de- ^ho fhllTbe fcription before*mentioned, who fhall be approved by the com- approved by manding officer of the militia now ferving for the county, riding, the commander placey where such perfon was fo chofen, it fhall and may be lawful for such commanding officer to caufe such fubftitute to be titted to their enrolled to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia of such county, difeharge. riding, or place, in lieu of the perfon fo chofen by ballot, which enrolment fhall be made in the manner before direfted ; and that upon the enrolment of such fubftitute as aforesaid, the perfon fo chofen by ballot fhall be entitled to his immediate difeharge.

X.  And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to provide volunteers to ferve in the fj°teerspre-faid fupplementary militia, for any fub-divifion within any county, vious to the riding, or place, and to produce such volunteers before any deputy meeting for lieutenants or juftices of the peace of the fame fub-divifion, at h^balkft^or any time previous to the day appointed for chooiing the men by perfons^ay1* ballot to ferve for such fub-divilion, or the faid fupplementary offer them-militia, in purfuance of this aft, or for any perfons willing to felves to ferve ferve therein, to offer theinfelves to ferve in the faid fupplemen- m the ^ppte-tary militia for any such fub-divifion, and to appear before any ^^whomav such deputy lieutenant or juftice of the peace within such time be enrolled and at such place as aforefaid; and every perfon fo produced, or and fworn, appearing, who fhall be approved of by the faid deputy lieutenant or any juftice of the peace as aforesaid, may be enrolled to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia as a private man during the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the end thereof, and fhall take the oath herein-before preferibed ; and such deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace refpeftively before whom any such volunteers fhall be enrolled, fhall caufe the clerks of the meetings for the reipeftive fub-diviftons to enroll the names of all such volunteers in such manner as they are required to enroll the names of perfons chofen by ballot; and the names of all such volunteers fhall be fo enrolled within their re-

fpeftive fub-divifions before the time appointed for ballotting the men within the fame.

XL And be it further enafted, That if the number of volunteers enrolled by virtue of this act in any fub-divilion, before the time appointed for taking the ballot as before direfted, fhall not amount ro two third parts of the whole number of men appointed to be raifed within such fub-divifion, the deputy lieutenants fhall, at the time and place before appointed, proceed to ballot for such number of men only as fhall be then wanted to make up the whole number to ferve for such fub-divilion, making a freih appointment of the number of men to be railed for the refpeftive parifhes and places in such fub-divifion, according to the number then wanted as aforefaid; and that if the number of volunteers who fhall have been then enrolled, fhall amount to or exceed such two third parts, then the faid deputy lieutenants may fufpend the ballot appointed to be taken, for any fpace of time not exceeding five days, (of which, like notice fhall be given as is herein-before directed), and they fihali forthwith tranfmit an account of the

b 4  number

 vji

If the volunteers fo enrolled fhall not amount to two thirds of the whole number to be raifed for the fub-divifion, the deputy lieutenants fhall at the time appointed ballot lor the remainder of the whole, and if it fhall amount to that number, the ballot may

8

for five days, and an account of the volunteers enrolled Cent

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3. [i 796.

number of volunteers fo enrolled, to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, who (hall tranifnit the fame, without delay, to his Majesty’s privy council; and it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty’s privy council, on the tranfmifiion of such account,

to the county to direct a further fufpenfion of the faid ballot for such time as. lieutenant, who hi all tranfmit it to the privy council, who may direct a

(hall be deemed expedient, in order to give a reafofiable opportunity to complete the quota of such fub-divifion by the enrolment of volunteers; and in such cafe it fhall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace, acting for such fub-Pay cllbc^t a divifion, within the time allowed by his Majesty’s privy council, (ion, in order to enr°H such further number of men as volunteers in the faid to complete fupplementary militia, as fhall be wanting to complete the quota the quota by of men to be raifed for such fub-divifion, in the manner before ambi^not^* directed: provided always. That if at the expiration of the time compleated in allowed by his Majesty’s privy council, the whole number of men that time, the to be raifed for such fub-divifion (hall not have been enrolled, the deputy lieu- deputy lieutenants, without further delay, (ball proceed to ballot te^najits^ihall for t^e number of men then wanted to make up such number, ballot for the making a frefh appointment of the number of men to be raifed number want- for each parifh or place, according to the numbers then wanted ed;andifcom- as aforefaid; but if at the end of the time fo, allowed, the whole tranfmit^n^ number of men to be fo raifed for such fub-divifion (hall be corn-account to pieced, then the deputy lieutenants fhall tranfmit an account the lieutenant thereof to the lieutenant of the faid county or place, who fhall tobefentto tranfmit the fame to his Majesty’s privy council; and in luch counHl ^ ca^e n0 ka^ot fhall take place for such fub-divifion,

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no per foci entitled to be exempted from being chofen by ballot to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia, by virtue of this adt, by reafon of his enrolment in any volunteer corps herein-after mentioned, or by reafon of his being or adting as game-keeper to any lord or lady of a manor, who (hall be enrolled to ferve according to the diredlions of any adf to be pafled in this feffion of parliament, (hall be admitted into or enrolled in the laid (upplememary militia as a volunteer, under the provifions of this act.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That if any overfeer of the poor of any parifh or place, (hall give to any volunteer or volunteers enrolled in the faid fupplementary militia in the manner before diredted, any fum of money not exceeding four pounds four (hillings each to ferve in the laid fupplementary militia for such parifh or place, it (hall be lawful for such overfeers to reim-

may reimburse burfe themfelves out of any monies of the rates then raifed, or to themfelves out be reimburfed out of any monies thereafter to be raifed for the relief of the poor, in such manner as they may reimburfe themfelves, or be reimburfed for any monies by them expended in matters relating to the poor.

XIV.  And be it further enadfed. That if, through the negledt or mi (lake of any chief conftables, conftables, or other officers, or from any other caufe, the full number of men appointed for

be enrolled at any fub-divifion (hould not be duly enrolled at the meeting ap-

meeting01thed Pointe^ fQr t]hat PurP°^e3 as before directed, then the deputy J  lieutenants

No perfon exempted from being chofen by ballot by reafon of his enrolment in any volunteer corps, or acting as game-keeper, (hall be admitted as a volunteer under this adt. Overfeers giving to volunteers not more than four guineas.

of the pGor rates.

If the number of men for any ful>- divifion (hall not

 CjOO^Ic

1796,] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii I’ll. c. 3.  9

lieutenants at their faid tneeting, or any two or more of them, deputy lieu-may, and they are hereby required immediately to caufe the lifts  a

to be amended, and to proceed to a frefti ballot, and to adjourn fr^ftTballot. their meeting, or appoint other meetings, and repeat the amending of the lifts as may be neceftary and expedient for carrying the purposes of this ad duly and fully into execution; and it (hall A deputy be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant, or juftice of the peace, heut^nant to adminifter the oath herein-before required to be taken by per- aHm\nift^rthe fons to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia to any perfon oath to per-ballotted, or to any perfon offering as a volunteer, under the fons who are directions of this ad, or to any perfon who {hall offer to ferve as a fubftitute,' and such deputy lieutenant, or juftice of the peace, cie,ricC0j' the is hereby authorifed to dired and require the clerk, of the fub- fub diviiion dtvifion for which every such perfon, by whom the faid oath has to enrol the been before him taken, is to ferve, to enroll the name of every perfon si worn, such perfon, together with the date of the day on which the faid oath was fo adminiftered to him, in the roll of such fub-divifion.

XV.  And be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained This a<5tnot (hall be conftrued in any manner to impede or delay the levying of men who ought to be raifed from time to time to complete the ^npleat the militia now embodied, or to vary the manner of proceeding embodied therein according to the diredions of the faid ad of the twenty- militia, fixth year aforefaid; but that all such levies (hall be effected in like manner as if this ad had not been palled.

XVI.  And be it further enaded. That if any perfon chofen by Perfonschofen

ballot, according to the diredions of this ad, to ferve in the faid by ballot (not fupplementary militia, (not being one of the people called  kers) nnt^ap-

kers) (hall refufe or negled to appear, and take the faid oath, and ptarine, &c. ferve in the militia, or to provide a fubftitute, to be approved as to forfeit 15I. aforesaid, who (hall take the faid oath, and fign his con lent to ailti to be lia-ferve as his fubftitute, every such perfon fo refufmg or negleding  at'the

(hall forfeit and pay the Turn of fifteen pounds, and whenever any next bailor 5 ballot (hall take place in the fame pari ill or place, under the au-  t

thority of this ad, be liable to ferve again, or provide a fubftitute; and in default of payment of such penalty, or for want of and ifthe pe-diffident effeds whereon to levy the fame, the name of such nbal 1 ^be perfon fliall be entered on the roll, and such perfon. (hall be compelled to delivered over to fome proper officer of the regiment, battalion, ferve,

or independent company, lor which he was bnllotted, and (haft be compelled to ferve in like manner as any other perfon who fnould be then ballotted for would be compellable to ferve, and (hall be fuhjed to the fame punilhments for afterwards ablconding or deferring, as he would have been fubjed to in cafe he had appeared, and been duly (worn and enrolled as a miltia man.

XVII.  Provided always, That the powers contained in the The powers of

faid ad of the twentv-hxih year aforesaid, with relpcd to the riieiirft recited j  j  act with re-

people called Quakers, fliall be carried into execution in the ipeCt toQuak-

Jevying of men to be raifed by virtue of this ad, as fully and trs, to exrend

amply as if the fame had been repeated and enacted in the body to this act.

of this ad.  ■  .

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Certain per-

perfon lonscxcinPce<i

12

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1796,

and exercifed, it (hall and may be lawful, on coin plaint made thereof to any juftice of the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, town corporate, or place, where such mafter ormiftrefs, employer or employers, (hall inhabit, for such juftice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such fervant, or any other witnefs or witneffes, touching the fame, and to make such order for the payment of fo much wages to such fervant, in proportion to the fervice he has performed, or such abatement from hjs wages, in proportion to the duration of his abfence from his fervice, as the cafe may require, as to such juftice fhall feem juft and reafonable, provided the fum in queftion do not exceed the fum of twenty pounds; and in cafe of refufal or non-payment of any Turns fo ordered to be paid, by the fpace of twenty-one days next after such determination, such juftice Thailand may ifiue forth his warrant to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of such mafter or miftrefs, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such diftrefs and fale,

Subftitutes or XXIII. And be it further enaded, That any perfon who fhall volunteers ne- receive money from any other perfon to ferve as his fubftitute in glecting to the faid fupplementary militia, or from any perfon or perfons to {worn* to ve ferve as a volunteer in purfuance of this ad, and (hall negled to turn the mo- appear at the ufual meeting appointed for fwearing the militia ney received, men, or before fome one deputy lieutenant, in order to be and forfeit not fworn according to the directions of this ad, every such perfon or^Tbe corn neglie^ng to appear and be fworn, being convidted thereof miited to gaol before any deputy lieutenant or juftice of the peace, fhall be obliged to return the money to the perfon or perfons from whom he received it, and fhall alfo forfeit and pay to such perfon or perfons, any fum not exceeding five pounds, at the difcretion of the deputy lieutenant or juftice of the peace before whom, lie fhall be fo convided ; and if such offender fhalPnot immediately return the money fo by him received as aforesaid, and likewife pay the faid’penalty, he fhall be committed to the common gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of three calendar months, or until the faid. fum fhall be returned.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded, That if any man chofen choien by b d- ^ ballot to fervc jn the faid fupplementary militia, fhall have

lot Hull cn- •'  ,  ,  ,,  1 • r \ A7-  • r

^age a fuhfti- er,gaEe^  anV otncr  man to !erve  as his iubititute,  or if  any per-

tute, or anv fon or perfons fhall have engaged any man to ferve as a volunteer perfon flu.if ns aforesaid, and the man fo chofen by ballot, or such perfon or ^uifteer  Pel *on3 ^na‘^ ^avc agreed to pay to the man fo engaged a certain

{ball after cn- ihm for such fervice, and fhall, after such man has been.enrolled, rolment refufe refufe to pay him the full fum agreed on, it fhall be lawful for topay him the any one juftice of the peace on application made to him, and such iuftice is hereby required to order such fum of money as rnaV^order ft fhall appear to him to be due to the man fo engaged, to be i into, be paid im- mediately paid to him by the perfon or perfons by or for whom ‘mediately. he fhall be engaged to ferve as aforesaid, and such juftice

fhall

for three months.

If any man

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3.  13

fhall proceed therein in the fame manner as is directed by an aft of the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for the better adjufting and more easy recovery of the wages of certain fervants, and for the better regulating of such fervants and of certain apprentices.

XXV.  And be it further enabled, That the faid fupplemen- Regulations tary militia to be raifed as aforesaid, or such part thereof, as fhall ^dTrainfn°Ut be appointed by the lieutenants or deputy lieutenants at any t^e fUppie. general meeting of lieutenancy, with the approbation of his mentary mi-Majeffiy, to be trained and exercifed together, (hall be called htia.

out for the purpose of being trained and exercifed for the fpace . of twenty days, and which training and exercifing fhall commence as foon after the paffing of this ac£b as conveniently may be; and in every county, riding, or place, in which it fhall have been appointed, that the whole of such fupplementary militia fhall not be trained or exercifed at the fame time, then the refpeftive parts thereof fhall be trained and exercifed fuc-ceffively, until the whole of the men ferving for such county, riding, or place, fhall have been trained and exercifed for the fpace of twenty days; and that for the purpose aforefaid the men ferving for such county, riding, or place, fhall be called out to be fo trained and exercifed, in such manner, and in such pro-' portions, at such time or times, and place or places, in such county or riding, as fhall be appointed by the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting of the lieutenancy, to be holden as herein-before direfted, or in default of any such meeting being holden, then by the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or by three deputy lieutenants, authot ifed by his Majesty to aft as aforefaid; and that during such time as the The men, men fhall be aflembled for the purpose of being trained and ^hile aiTem-exercifed, they, and each of them, fhall be fubjeft and liable to ^ to b^fub-' the fame orders, regulations, pains, and punifhments, as the jcit-to the -militia forces are fubjeft and liable toby the faid former aft, fame regula-during the time of their annual exercife: provided always, That it fhall be lawful for the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, at any fon^r * general meeting of lieutenancy, to alter the places appointed for a&. afTembling the men for exerciie, and from time to time to appoint The place for other or additional places as they fhall find expedient, giving the exercife may-like notice thereof as is herein required to be given of the places be altered, firfl to be appointed.

XXVI.  And be it further enafted, That the militia men to be The men to raifed by virtue of this aft, (hall be trained and exercifed during

the refpeftive periods of twenty days, by such officers, non- cf T^m

commiffioned officers, and drummers, or private men, appointed giments ferv-

to aft as non-commillioned officers, of the refpeftive regiments, mg for the re-

battalions, or companies of militia ferving for their refpeftive fPc<^ive col'rl" w  1  .  •  ir  1  t  r  ties as .can be

counties or ridings, as may be conveniently (pared from fervice, fp^red, or the

and fhall be detached for that purpose; and where a fufficient lieutenants

number of such officers, non-commiffioned officers, or drum- ?md deputies,

mers, cannot be conveniently fpared, it fhall and may be lawful

for the faid lieutenants, and deputy lieutenants refpeftively, hisMajefty,

with may appoint

14 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3. f 1796*

officers as with the approbation of his Majesty, to appoint for that fervice P**0^ °^cers as IS herein-before dire&ed ; and all such officers* eers &c en-" non-commiffioned officers, or privates appointed to adt as nontitle d to the commffioned officers, (hall be entitled to the fame pay during fame pay as in such fervice as the officers and non-commiffioned officers of

the militia ; and no such officer to be deprived of half pay.

called out as herein mentioned.

militia are entitled to receive during the times of annual exercife, over and above any other pay, or other emoluments or allowances, to which they, or any of them, may be refpedlively entitled in the corps to which they may belong; and no such appointment of any officer entitled to half pay {hall be conftrued to deprive such officer of such half pay during the time he fhall ferve in the faid fupplementary militia.

Notice of the XXVLI. And be it further enadted, That notices of the times time and place and places of exercife of the militia men to be raifed by virtue of ffialf^b^order ^is ffia^ hy order of the general meetings of lieutenancy, o/the general t>e fent-by the clerk of the general meetings to the clerks of the meetings, be feveral fub-divifion meetings, in the refpedlive counties, ridings, lent by thqir and places ; and the faid deputy lieutenants, at fome fub-divifion clerks*of the mse1anS to  f°r trying this adt into execution after the

fub-divifion receipt of the faid notices, (hall caufe the men ferving for such meetings, and fub-divifion to be called out in such order and courfe as fhall the deputy have been notified by the clerk of the general meetings as afore-

ffiall^Tui'eSthe  anc* ^or t^iat PurP°^e ^ue orders to the chief conftables

men to be or other officers of the feveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions refpectively, with diredtions to forward the fame to the conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers within their refpedlive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, which conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, fhall caufe such notice as aforefaid to be affixed on the door of the churches or chapels belonging to their refpec-tive parifhes, tythings, or places, or (if any place fhall have no church or chapel belonging thereto) on the door of the church or chapel of fome pa-rifh, tything, or place thereunto adjoining ; and such conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required alfo to give notice, in writing, to the feveral militia men who fhall be called out to be trained and exercifed at such times and places refpectively, by ferving them perfonally, or by leaving the fame at their ufual places of abode, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and all such militia Men not at- men duly atten(] at the time anc| place of exercife, according to the p’end- to such notices refpectively, and in default thereof, fhall fuffer ties of the firft the fame pains and penalties as by the faid act of the twenty-recited act. fixth year aforefaid are in such cafe directed and impofed. Tendays after XXVIII. And be it further enadfed, That the clerks of the the men are feveral fub-divifion meetings in every county, riding, or place,

enrolled, lifts  within the fpace of ten days after the men (hall be enrolled,

or them, and  ’ r n .  r  ,.n r  Sr . , . . .  9

the time and  caufe a full  and  true  lilt, lpecifying the name and date of the

place of exer-  enrolment of all  the  perfons  enrolled (within each fub-divifion

cife, fliall be  reflectively)  to ferve  in such  militia, and the time and place of

th^ckrk^of^ cxerc^e t0 tranfmitted to the commanding officer of the

the fub-divi- regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia raifed

lion meetings  by

1796.] Anno regni tricelimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3, r$

by virtue of the faid a eft of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, for to the com-the county or riding for which such perfons have been enrolled ^fficer^of the by virtue of this a&, or to such perfon as lhall be appointed by refpeSive re-fuch commanding officer to receive the fame 5 and fhall in like giments, and manner caufe a duplicate of such lift to be tranfmitted to the a duplicate to adjutant of the faid regiment, battalion, or independent company. adjutant.

XXIX.  And be it further enacted, That arms, accoutre- Regulations ments, and such cloathing, may be provided for the militia men refpetfing raifed by virtue of this aeft, as fhall be deemed neceffary by the

lord lieutenant and deputy lieutenants refpe£lively, with the ap- cioathing.

probation of his Majesty, and that one fixth part of the arms and

cloathing fo provided, or fo much as fhall be neceftary for the

men called out to be trained and exercifed, fhall be delivered to

the ufe of the militia during the time of their being trained and

exercifed by virtue of this aft, and that the refidue of such arms

and cloathing fhall be kept in such fecure place as his Majesty

lhall direft; and all mufleets delivered for the fervice of the

militia fhall be marked diftinftly in fome vifible place with the

letter (M) and the name of the county, riding, or place to which

they belong; and in cafe any militia man fhall fell, pawn, or Penalty on

lofe any of his arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, or negleft or pen for fellT^

refufe to return the fame, in good order, to his commanding joln^or^ot

officer, or to the perfon appointed to receive the fame, every returning

fuch militia man fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a arms, &c.

fum not exceeding five pounds ; and if such militia man fhall

not immediately pay such penalty, the juftice of the peace before

whom he fhall be convi6ted fhall commit him to the houfe of

correction for any time not exceeding three months, or until he

(hall have paid the faid penalty.

XXX.  And he it further enabled, That the arms belonging The arms,

and delivered out to the militia raifed by virtue of this aCt, when  erri”

not embodied, fhall be kept in such convenient place as the bodied to be* commanding officer fhall diredt, with the approbation of the kept where lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, authorifed as aforesaid, of the thecommand-

. county, riding, or place.  (h?H°dire«

XXXI.  And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful ^  ^  *

for the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, authorifed by his mentaryPmilh-Majefty, and he and they is and are hereby required to quarter tia, when ca&-and billet the officers, non-commiffioned officers, and private ed out to exmen, ferving in the faid fupplementary militia, at the times  he

when they fhall refpeCtively be called out to exercife, in inns, ale-houfes, victualling houfes, livery ftables, and all houfes of lodgings may perfons felling brandy, ftrong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin, be provided by retail; and alfo to order and provide convenient lodging in tor the non-fuch houfes as aforesaid, for the ferjeants, corporals, and drum- officers and* mers, of the faid fupplementary militia, whenever the fame fhall privates,when not be fo called out to exercife, unlefs embodied and called out not embodied, to adtual fervice.

XXXII.  And be it further enabled, That in all cafes of His Majesty adtual invafion, or upon imminent danger thereof, it fhall be °?ay 0Ij^r lawful for his Majesty (the occafion being firft communicated b/emVodVd,

to in cafes of ac-

16 Anno regni tricefimo fejptimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1796,*

tual invafion, to parliament, if the parliament (hall be then fitting, or declared &c. and com- \n council and notified by proclamation, if no parliament (hall led^deneralt^len ^ltt:^n§ or *n being) to order and diredl the lieutenants of officers, 8cc. the faid feveral counties* ridings, and places, or on the death or removal, or in the abfence from their refpedtive counties, ridings, or places of any of them, then any three or more deputy lieutenants, with all convenient fpeed, to draw out and embody all the militia within their refpedtive counties, ridings, and places herein-before appointed to be raifed and trained, or fo many of them as his Majesty (hall in his wifdom judge neceffary, and in such manner as (hall be beft adapted to the circumftances of the danger, and to put the faid forces under the command of such general officers as his Majesty (hall be pleafed to appoint, and to direct the faid forces to be led by their refpe&tve officers into any parts of this kingdom, and for the repelling and prevention of any such invalion, and such militia men fo drawn out and embodied may be incorporated into the refpe&ive companies of militia then ferving for the fame county or riding, by virtue of the faid a£t of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, or may be formed into a diftindt regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, or into an independant company or companies, in such manner as (hall have been fixed by the lieutenants of the feveral counties, ridings, and places, with the approbation of his Majesty* and such officers, non-commiffioned officers, and drummers, may be appointed to the faid militia, when fo.drawn out and embodied, as fhall appear to be neceffary, and according to circum-ftances, fo that the number of officers, non-commiffioned officers, and drummers refpecftively, {hall not exceed the proportion allowed by the faid a61 of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid * and that all officers newly appointed, (hall be approved of by his Majesty in the manner directed by this a<51 ; and the officers, non-com-miffioned officers, drummers, and private men, fo appointed, whether incorporated as aforesaid, or formed into regiments, battalions, or independant companies, fhall, from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they fhall be returned again, by his Majesty’s orders, to their refpec-tive parifhes or places of abode, remain under the command of such general officers ; and during such time as aforesaid, ail the provifions contained in any a6t of parliament which (hall be then in force for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, (hall be in force with refpedt to the faid militia, and fhall extend to all the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men of the faid militia, in all cafes whatfoever.

XXXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That neither the whole or any part of the militia diredled by this a<5t to be raifed and maintained, fhall, on any account, be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

XXXIV.  And be it further enaefted, That whenever his When the flip- Majesty fhall caufe the faid fupplementary militia, or any part militbftscalled hereof, to. be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if-the par-

, out, his Ma-  "  liament

ISTq part of the militia raifed under this a£t, J fhall be ordered out of Great Britain.



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 3.  17

liament {hall then be feparated by such adjournment or proroga- jefty may iffue tion as will notoexpire within fourteen days, his Majefly may and (hall iffue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament meetjng Gf within fourteen days, and the parliament fhall accordingly meet parliament in and fit upon such day as fhall be appointed by such proclamation, 14 days; and continue to fit and a6t in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day,

XXXV.  And be it further enabled. That when his Majefly and when fo fhall think ht to order the laid fupplementary militia, or any part ordered out, thereof, to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, the lieute-  to

nant of every county, riding, and place, or (on the death or iflue orders to removal of any such lieutenant, or in his abfence from his the chief con-county, riding, or place) any three or more deputy lieutenants tables, to be to whom any such order as aforefaid from his Majefly fhall be [he^onft^bies diredled, fhall iffue his or their order to the chief conflables or whofhallcaufe other officers of the feveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, notice to be or other divifions within their refpedtive counties, ridings, and given to the places, with directions to forward the fame immediately to the ^end t0 conflables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of the feveral parifhes, tythings, and places within their refpedlive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, and divifions, and such conflables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to caufe notice in writing to be given to the feveral militia men, or left at their ufual places of abode, within their refpedlive parifhes, tythings, or places, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and if any militia man fo ordered to be drawn out and Militiamen embodied as aforefaid (not labouring under any infirmity, inca- not attending, pacitating him to ferve as a militia man) fhall not appear and j as^de"' march in purfuance of such order, every such militia man fhall ferters; and be liable to be apprehended and punifhed as a deferter, accord- perfons haring to the provifions of any a£t which fhall be then in force for bouring them punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of to orfelt^ • the army and their quarters; and if any perfon lhall harbour or conceal any militia man when ordered out into actual fervice, knowing him to be a militia man, every such perfon fhall for every such offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XXXVI.  And be it further ena£led, That when the fa id When called

fupplementary militia of any county, riding, or place, fhall be ou.t’ the re~ ,

*  j  j  *  o'  1  ^  '  ccivct eeneral

embodied and called out into adtual fervice, the receiver general Gf the land

of the land tax for such county, riding, or place, lhall and is tixtopay hereby required forthwith to pay to the captains or commanding one guinea officers of companies of militia refpectively, the fum of one guinea *or *he ufe of for the ufe of every private militia man who fhall be fo called eaL maru out; and the faid receiver general fhall alfo pay to every caprain or other commanding officer of a company as aforesaid, the fum of one guinea for every recruit as early as may be after such recruit fhall have joined his company, when out in actual fervice as aforesaid, (all which money fo paid by the faid receiver general, fhall be allowed him in his account); and the money fo Vol. XU.  C  received



Captains to account with the men for the money.

Militia when em bodied to

as the other forces, and non-com mif-lloned officers and privates to Chelfea hofpital.

18 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 3. [1796.

received by any captain or other commanding officer (or fo much thereof as such captain of commanding officer {hall think proper) fhall be laid out in the manner he (hall think moft advantageous for the refpe£tive militia men ; and such captain or commanding officer (hall, before any militia man of his company receives his difcharge, account to such militia man how the faid fum of one guinea hath been applied and difpofed of, and fhall pay the remainder of the money (if any) to the faid militia man.

XXXVII.  And be it further enacted. That from the date of his Majesty’s warrant for drawing the faid militia out into actual the^me6na? fervice, the officers and private men of the faid militia fhall be entitled to the fame pay as the officers and private men of his Majesty’s other regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any non-commiffioned officer or private man of the faid militia, fhall be maimed or wounded in adtual fervice, he (hall be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelfea hofpital, with any non-commiffioned officer or private man belonging to any of his Majesty’s other forces.

XXXVIII,  And whereas it may happen through negleft, or other-wife, that in feme county, riding, or place9 the militia may not he raijed according to the directions of this all, and it is jufl and reafon- -able that all his Majejlf s fubjetts fhall contribute equally toward the expence of raiftng and fupporting a militia for the defence of the kingdom; be it therefore further enadfed, That the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants of every county, riding, and place, tranfmitted to where the militia (ball be raifed, according to the directions of the clerk of this a61, fhall, on or before the fifth day of January in the year the peace of of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, tranfmit a certl^cate t0 t^e clerk of the peace, containing an account of raife^ who t^le numher of private men of the militia raifed by virtue of this fhall deliver it acf, and every such clerk of the peace fhall deliver such certificate to the next to the juftices of the peace at their general quarter fefiion to be next al'ter ^le Lid fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on the day on which such feffion {hall be opened, and the fame fhall be filed amongft the records of such feffion; but where no such certificate fhall be received by the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, he (hall certify the fame under his hand and feal to the juftices fo aflembled, and such certificate of the faid clerk of the peace fhall be filed by him amongft the records of such feffion.

XXXIX.  And be it further'enabled, That in every county, riding, and place, where no such certificate fhall be tranfmitted to the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, the juftices of the peace of such county, riding, or place, at the fame general quarter feffions where .fuch default fhall be made as aforesaid, fhall, unlefs an apportionment {hall have been made according to the diredfions of this act, diligently proceed to apportion the number of men to be raifed by virtue of this a6I, in each town, parifh, or place, and the faid juftices are hereby authorifed and required to do nmnbei^\mi a(^s nece*Li'y for that purpose, which the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants are hereby authorifed to do, and the faid juftices

By Jan, 5, 1797, a certificate to be

to be filed ; and where none (hall be received, he fhall certify the fame to the juftices.

Where no certificate fnall be tranfmitted, the quarter feffions, unlefs an apportionment ihall have been made, Ihall proceed to

adjourn th feffions' till completed.



Georgij. Ill

c.

6

until i httec

IQ

tices (hall adjourn such general (eilions from time to such apportionment be completed ; and foat the nnn'cr fifteen x5I• to b;e paid pounds fhall be annually paid, for and in lieu of every private 3«rmaiiy^by militia man by this act directed to be raifed within the fame for eaAi man county, riding, or place, making such default, and ill a 11 be paid wanting, to the treafurer of the county by the refpedtive overfeers of the poor of the feveral towns, parishes, and places; and the juftices Quarter fef-of the peace fhall and are hereby required, at their faid general quarter feflion, to rate and affefs the fum of fifteen pounds upon refplSive every town, parifh, and place within such county, tiding, or parities. Scc. place, for every man which such town, parifh, or place ought to raife by virtue of this adl, and the fame fhall be levied, collected, received, paid, and accounted for in such manner, and by such ways and means, and with such powers of di ft refs, and other remedi.es for enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and for punifhing all perfons whose duty it fhall be to collect or account for the fame, who fhall make default therein, as are directed with refpedl to rates made for the relief of the poor of such town, parifh, or place.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons The families who fhall be chofen by lot and enrolled to ferve in the faid fup- ?£<^ntb-To^ plementary militia, to be raifed by virtue of this adl, fhall, when ^hen ordered ordered out-to be trained and exercifed for twenty days as afore - to be trained, faid, leave a family unable to fupport themfelves, the overfeer to receive a or overfeers of the poor of the parifh, tything, or place where weekly allow-the family of such militia man fhall dwell, fhall, by order of fome overfeersof ^ one joffice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief of the poor the poor, of such parifh, tything, or place, pay to such family the following weekly allowance; that is to fay, a fum not exceeding one (hilling for each,and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and a fum not exceeding one fhilling for the wife of such militia man,, whether he fhall or fhall not have any child or children; and in every parifh, tything, or place, where the money arifing by such rates fhall not be fufheient for the purpose aforefaic), a new rate or rates fhall be made for railing a fum fufficient for that purpose.

XLI, And be it further enadled, That all powers, provifions, The powers rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, of all adts reclames, matters, and things, contained in the aforefaid adt of ^ t^ie 7  7  ^  7 .  .  militia to ex*

the twenty-fixth year of his Majesty’s reign, or in any other adl tend t0

of parliament relative to the railing, training, embodying, and adt as far as calling out the militia, or providing for the families of militia applicable* men called out, or in any adl to be pafled in this feflion of parliament relative to the paying, cloathing, or fubfifting the militia, fhall be applied, pradlifed, and put in execution with refpedl to the militia directed to be raifed by this adl, in as full and ample a manner, as if the faid powers, provifions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, claufes, matters and things, were again repeated and enadled in this adl, fo far as the fame are applicable to the provifions of this adl, and are not repugnant to or altered by the exprefs provifions of this adl.

c 2  XLIL  And



20

Continuance of a£t.

A<5t may be altered or re* pealed this ieilion.

Preamble.

Men to be levied in the proportions following.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this a£t fhall be and continue in force during the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the eud thereof.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or a£ts to be made in this prefent fellion of parliament.

CAP. IV.

An ati for raijing a certain number of men, in the fever a! countfes in Englander the fervice of bis Majejlfs army and navy.—[Nov. 11, 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the publick fervice, at the prefent conjuncture, that the moji effectual meafures jhould be adopted', for providing a fpeedy fupply of men to ferve in his Majefly's army and navy: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent ma-jcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there fhall be levied, within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy in the feveral counties and places herein-after mentioned, such able-bodied men to ferve his Majesty in the army or navy of Great Britain, at such times, and in such manner, as is herein diredled ; and that the number of men to be levied for the Paid refpedfive fer-vices, by virtue of this a6l<, fhall be as follows; (that is to fay).

For the county of Bedford, eighty-seven, for the army.

For the county of Berks, one hundred and forty, for the army. For the county of Bucks,, one hundred and fifty-two, for the army. For the county of Cambridge, one hundred and fixty-three, for the army.

For the city of Chefler, with the city and county of the city of Ckefter, three hundred and nineteen, for the army.

For the county of Cornwall) two hundred and fifty-two, for the navy.

For the county of Cumberland, two hundred and thirty-eight, tor the navy.

For the county of Derby, two hundred and fifty-two, for the army.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, five hundred and nine, for the navy.

For the county of Dorfet, with the town and county of the town of Poole^ one hundred and eighty-four, for the navy.

For the county of Durham, two hundred and twenty-four, for the navy.

.For the county of Ejfex, three hundred and fixteen, for the navy. For the county of Gloucejhr, with the city and county of the - city of Gloucefler, and the city and county of the city of Brif. lof tvyo hundred and fixty-one, for the navyv

____  -  -  For

21

1796.] Anno regni triceCmo feptimo Georoii III. c. 4.

For the county of Hereford, one hundred and thirty-three, for the army.

For the county of Hertford, one hundred and forty-eight, for the army.

For the county of Huntingdon, fifty-eight, for the army.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, and such of the cinque ports as are iituate within the faid county of Kent, five hundred and feverity, for the navy. For the county of Lancajier, seven hundred and fixty-three, for the navy.

For the county of Leicejler, two hundred and thirty-seven, for the army.

For the divifion of Lindfey, in the county of Lincoln^ with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, two hundred and forty-eight, for the navy; for the divifion of Kejleven, in the faid county of Lincoln, one hundred and twenty-one, for the army; and for the divifion of Holland\ in the faid county of Lincoln, feventy-five, for the navy.

For the city and county of the city of London, two hundred and fifty-seven, for the army.

For the county of Middlejex, inclufive of the divifion commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and the liberty of the Tower, five hundred and eighty-four, for the army.

For the county of Monmouth, feventy-five, for the army.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, three hundred and thirty-seven, for the navy.

For the county of Northampton, one hundred and feventy-eight, for the army.

For the county of Northumberland\ with the town and county of the town of NeivcafUe upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, two hundred and twenty-eight, for the navy.

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, two hundred and, nine, for the army.

For the county of Oxford, one hundred and fixty-live, for the army.

For the county of Rutland, thirty, for the army.

For the county of Salop, two hundred and twenty-eight, for the army.

For the county of Somerfet, four hundred and fifty-five, for the navy.  ,

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, three hundred and fix, for the navy.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, three hundred and feventeen, for the army.

For the county of Suffolk, three hundred and forty-one, for the navy.

For the county of Surrey, four hundred and nineteen, for the army.

For the county of Suffex, with such of the cinque ports as are fituate within the faid countv, two hundred and twenty-three, for the navy.

%

c 3

For



2.2, Anno regni triccfimo feptimo Georgn III. c. 4. [1796.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, two hundred and fifty, for the army.

For the county of Wejlmor eland, ninety, for the army.

For the county of Worcejler, with the city and county of the city of Worcejler, one hundred and fifty-fix, for the army.

For the county of Wilts, two hundred and feven, for the army.

For the eaft riding of the county of York, with the town and county of the town of Kingjlon upon Hulltwo hundred and Iwenty-seven, for the navy; for the weft riding of the faid county, seven hundred and eighty-nine, for the army; and for the north riding of the faid county, with the city and county of the city of York, three hundred and eighty-five, for the navy.

For the county of Anglefea, forty-four, for the army.

For the county of Brecknock, fifty-three, for the army.

For the county of Cardigan, forty-seven, for the army.

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, eighty-seven for the army.

For the county of Carnarvon, forty-.feven, for the army.

For the county of Denbigh, ninety-five, for the army.

For the county of Flint, forty-nine, for the army.

For the county of Glamorgan, ninety-nine, for the army.

for the county of Merioneth, fifty-fix, for the army.

For the county of Montgomery, ninety, for the army.

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverfordwejl, fixty for the army.

For the county of Radnor, thirty-four, for the army.

Hi? Majesty1 may appoint officers to regulate the ad million of men, &c.

Ju'ftices within twenty-one days after palling this act to hold a general ftf-fions for carrying it into execution.

II.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be law- , ful for his Majesty to conftitute and appoint, in the'feveral counties of Great Britain, (except in the city and county of the city-of London), fo many officers to regulate the admiffion of men to be levied under the authority of this aeft for his Majesty’s fervice, as his Majesty fhall deem necefiary, who, being fo refpe&ively appointed, fhall eftablifh a convenient place or places of rendezvous, in ^ach such county (except the city and county of the city of London as aforefaid) for the reception of such men; and every such man fo to be levied fhall, before his enrolment, be examined by one such regulating officer at the lead, as to his ability to ferve his Majesty ; and every such officer fhall have full power of approving, or of rejecting any man tendered to ferve his Majesty, fubjedf neverthelefs to such controul as by this a£t is particularly dire&ed.

III.  And be it further enacted, That the juftices of the peace, acting in and for the feveral counties aforesaid, fhall, within a time not exceeding twenty-bne days after the paffing of this sftemble together at fome convenient place in each county, where the general quarter feffions of the peace have heretofore or ufually been held, and there hold a court of general feffions, for the pur-pofe of carrying effectually into execution the powers given to them by this a6t; and that in every cafe where any city, town, or borough, being a county of itfelf, or any cinque port or liberty

2

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.

bertyiierein-before particularly mentioned, is hereby directed to be united with any county at large, in eftimating the number of men to be raifed by virtue of this a6b, the juftices of such city, town or borough, being a county of itfeif, and of such cinque port or liberty, who fhall have duly qualified themfelves to a6t, and fhall have afted before the paffing of this a6I, as such juftices refpeiSlively within the proper limits of their refpecfive jurifdic-tions, and no other, fhall affemble themfelves together with the juftices of such county at large, who fhall alfo be qualified and fhall have a6led in like manner; and the juftices fo affembled fhall refpedfively have and be entitled to exercife the powers and jurifdidtions of juftices of the peace, in all things touching the execution of this a61, as well for such city, town, or borough, being a county of itfeif, and of such cinque port, or liberty, as alfo for such county at large, and fhall be deemed and taken to be such juftices refpe6fively, without any other or further qualification ; and that the faid juftices fo affembled may, from time to time, as often as they fhall find it necefiary, adjourn such court of general fefiions, fo that such adjournment fhall not be for any longer time than from day to day [Sundays excepted) until they fhall have fully and effectually carried this a61 into execution, in refpedt of the powers vefted in such court of general fefiions by this a61, except as to such adjournment as fhall be made to the quarter fefiions as herein-after is mentioned ; but that such juftices fo affembled fhall not have any authority, power, or jurifdidlion, in or over any matter or thing whatever, other than in and for the execution of the powers exprefsly given them by this a61.

IV.  And be it further enadled, That any direilion given or Anyprovifion provifion made by this a61, in any matter refpe&ing any county, ^ounf^o ex^ lhall be conftrued to extend, and fhall extend to the feveral rid- tencj to the ings of the county of York, and to the feveral divifions of the ridings of county of Lincoln refpe£fively, and the juftices within the feveral York (hire and ridings and divifions, and of any city or town dire&ed to be ^Idncoln-S united therewith by this a61, fhall have power to put this a6t in foire. execution, in all things within their refpe6tive jurifdidlions as

fully and amply as the juftices of any county are hereby empowered to execute the fame.

V.  And be it further ena6led. That the clerk of the peace of ^ith every county, where a court of general fefiions is hereby dire6l- the afferuof ed to be held, fhall, with the afient of'any two j uftices of the two juftices, peace of such county, appoint the time and place of holding the to appoint the firft court of general fefiions/ to be held by virtue of this adt, of

which notice fhall be given in any newfpaper ufually circulated may ^ ^ in such county, five days at leaft before the day appointed for journed, if holding such court; and in cafe, at such time of appointing such iufficient juf-court, or at any fubfequent time of appointing such court by ad-journment, there fhall not be jufiices of the peace attending en fufficient to hold such general fefiions, any one jnftice of the peace, who fhall there attend, fhall and m3y adjourn the fame to the next day, and fo from day to day [Sundays excepted) '

c 4  .  until

24  Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

until such court (hall be held; and in cafe no such juftice fhall attend at the time and place appointed for holding such court, then the clerk of the peace {hall adjourn the time of holding such court from day to day (Sundays excepted) until such court {hall be duly held.

^1* And be it further enabled, That the commiftioners of his beprepared of Majesty’s treafury for the time being, fhall caufe to be prepared the number of true lifts of the number of all the inhabited houfes within the inhabited ^ limits of the jurifdiddion of each court of general feffions, which tl^Umits*"ofn arC  and pay to the duties on inhabited houfes, or to the

each f'ouvt of ^ut*es on houfes, windows, or lights, in such part of Great Bri~ feffions, liable taln as aforesaid, by virtue of any adft or adds of parliament now

to the duties on houfes, See and laid before the juftices.

in force, diftinguifhing therein each hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftridt, and alfo each parifh, within such hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftridd, and fhall caufe the fame to be laid before the juftices then affembled at their refpedtive courts of general feffions, by the refpedfcive furveyors of the faid duties, and Tuftice" to a to ^y them verified on oath, if required (which oath the faid point^vhat^" j'Jft:"lces then affembled are hereby authorifed to adminifter;) and number of such juft ices refpedbvely fhall proceed to appoint what number of men fhallftrve men fhall ferve for each such hundred, city, or town, rape, lath, dred^i: hun~ wapentake, or diftridf, and alfo for each parifh, within such hun-cre *  dred, city, or town, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftridd refpec-

fively, and in proportion, as nearly as may be, to the number of houfes therein refpedlively afleffed and paying to the faid duties, and fo as the whole number of men appointed by this add to be raifed for such county may be included, and fhall iffue an order, figned by the clerk of the peace of such county, to the chief con-ftables or other officers of the refpeefive hundreds, laths, wapentakes, or other diftriefs, within such counties, requiring them to give notice to the overfeers of the poor of every parifh, within their refpe&ive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other diftridfts, of the number of men fo appointed to be levied for such parifties refpedtively, and of the time allowed for railing the fame, and of making a return to such orders ; all which particulars {hall be {Specified in such orders and notices refpedrively; and the faid juftices at such court of general feffions, fhall alfo appoint petty feffions to be held within the different diftriefs of each county, wherein petty feffions have been ufually held, and alfo within each city, borough, town, cinque port, or liberty, having magiftrates of itfelf, for the purpose of receiving the returns of the officers of the feveral pariihes within thole diftridfs refpedlively, and of attefting and caufing to be inrolled the number of men to be raifed by virtue of this act, after such perfons fhall be approved of by the regulating officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose ; and the faid juftices (hall alfo appoint a time for holding the firfl: petty feffions to be holden in.each diftridft under this add, at which firfl: petty feffions returns fhall be made by the chief conftables make returns, and other officers, and alio by the overfeers, of all matters done by them in purfuancc of this add, according to the direddions therein contained, and which petty feffions fhall be appointed at a

day

and to order the conftables to give notice the number, and the time for raif-ing them, to the pariih overfeers.

General feffions to appoint petty feffions for receiving returns, and attefting and enrolling men.

At firft petty feffions, conftables and overfeers to



1796.] Anno regni tricelimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4,  25

day not later than twenty-one days after ifluing the orders before-mentioned; and such juftices, having completed such orders, General fef-fhall and may then adjourn their court of general feflions to the f^'ourned^ next quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for such county, at wJu>n orders which quarter feilions the juftices of any city, town, or borough, are complete cinque port, or liberty, diredled to be united therewith, may ed. alfo attend for the purpose of executing this adi, but not otherwife.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the ^^don

mayor, recorder, and aldermen, of the city of London, alfembled genera/  *

at the general feilions of the peace to be held in and for the laid lions, to ap-city, by virtue of this a cl, fliall appoint the number of men to point the ferve for each ward or parifh, precindt, liberty, and place, fepa-

rately fupporting its own poor, within the city and county of the jn proportion city of London aforesaid, as nearly as may be to the amount of to the amount the afleflment to the duties on inhabited houfes, and the duties on of the duties houfes, windows, or lights, in such ward or parifh, precindt, on houfes, to. liberty, and place refpedtivelv, inftead of the number of houfes therein refpedtivelv aflefled and paying to the faid duties, as hereinbefore diredled, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.  .

VIII.  And, for enabling the mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city of London aforefaid to appoint or apportion the number of men hereinbefore diredled, be it further enadled, That the clerk or Clerk to the cferks to the refpedtive commiflioners for carrying into execution commiffion. the feveral adls of parliament refpediing the duties on inhabited ^utfes onC houfes, and the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, in the city houfes, &c. and county of the city of London aforesaid, fhall prepare, or caufe in London, to to be prepared, true lifts of the number of all inhabited houfes lay betore the which are aflefled, and pay to the duties on inhabited houfes, or to oftheC* the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, in the citv and county*numj,er,of of the city of London aforesaid, by virtue of any a<£l or adts of houfes affcir. parliament now in force, and alfo the amount of the a fle Aments ecb anc* t!le of the faid duties refpedtively, diftinguilhing therein each ward or tlm^uSbnent parilh, precindr, liberty, or place, feparately fupporting its own }n each ward, poor, within the city and county of the city of London aforeluid; &c.

and the laid lifts fhall refpedfively be verified on oath by the laid clerk or clerks, if required (which oath the laid mayor, recorder,

.. or aldermen refpedlivdy are hereby authorifed to adminifter) and laid before the mayor, recorder, and aldermen aflembled at their refpedlive general or quarter feflions aforefaid.

IX.  And be it further enadied, That within every county (not What juftices being a city,’town, or borough, and a county of itfelf, nor a fhall hold city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, or liberty, having P^ty feilions* refpedlively their own magiftrates or juftices) the juftices of the

peace ufually adting in and for the diftriCi: wherein such petty fef-lions fhall be directed by the court of genera! feflions to be held, or such other juftices as fhall be Ipecially appointed by the court of genera] feflions to a61 in such diftridf, which they are hereby authorifed to appoint in every diftridt where they (ball fee occa-fion, fhall be the juftices for holding such petty feflions, and no other; and that within any city, borough, town corporate,

cinque



Petty feffions to receive the returns of the overfee rs.

Firft petty ieiiions to fix a time for hearing appeals, & c*

Petty feifions may be adjourned.

26 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

cinque port, or liberty, or any city, borough or town, being a county ofitfelf, the juftices or magistrates of such city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, or liberty, and no other, fhall hold such petty feffions within such city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, or liberty; and luch juftices refpeftively (hall meet and hold their refpedtive petty feifions at the time and place appointed by the general fellions, and fhall receive the returns of the overfeers of the poor of all such parifhes, touching the execution of the orders given to them under this adi; and fhall, at \ their firft petty fellions to be held by virtue of this adi, fix a time or times for hearing the appeals of parifhes, charged to raife men under this a<S, againft the proceedings of regulating officers .to be appointed under this adf, as herein-after is diredfed ; and fhall give notice at what time or times, place or places, any such N appeal may be heard and determined, and which fhall not be later than twenty days after the refpeclive times appointed for making returns by the overfeers refpedlively ; and such juftices fhall then and there meet to hear and determine such appeals, and in all refpedts fhall do and execute with diligence and difpatch, all matters and things entrufled to them by this add; and any one or more of such juftices there attending, or in default of such attendance the high conftable or other principal officer of the peace of the hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, city, borough, town, liberty, or place, wherein such petty feffions fhall be held, fhall have authority, from time to time, to adjourn the petty feffions, giving publick notice of the time and place of holding the next adjourned feifions, and to from time to time, as there fhall be occafion, by caufing such notice in writing to be affixed on the door of the church or chapel of the place where luch feftion fhall be held, tv/o days at leaft before the time of holding such feffions, where such time fhall intervene, otherwife at such convenient time as fhall be moft expedient.

X. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the to^et^r^two juft'ces at their general feffions, to add together, whenever or more places they fhall think it necefTary, two or more parifhes, for the railing any man or number of men, by virtue of this add, fo as to make the charge within every parifh as equal and impartial as poffible; and that where the parifhes fo added together, fhall lie in different hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or diftridls, within the fame county, riding, or divifion, to oiredf in what hundred, rape, Jath, wapentake, or diftridt, the fame fhall be confidered, for the purposes of this adt; and the faid juftices, and alfo the juftices at their petty feifions, and all overfeers of the poor of the faid parifhes refpedively, fo added together, fhall proceed to raife the proportion of men, in like manner as if they had been originally charged upon one parifh ; and the overfeers of the feveral parifhes, fo added together, fhall altogether in the execution of this adt as if they were refpedHvely officers of one and the fame parifh ; and that where there (hall be any extra-parochial place, or other place wherein no rate for the relief of the poor fhall have been made within the fpace of three years next before the paffing of this adf,

it

General fef-

for raifing men;

and alfo extra-parochial or other places where no poor rates have



x79^0 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.  27

it {hall be lawful for such juftices at such general feffions to add been made such extra-parochial or other place where no rates have been made ^or as aforesaid, for railing the quota of men by virtue of this aft, to pam']’es any parifh adjoining thereto; and in all such cafes the overfeers joining, afting together for such parifhes, by virtue of this a61, fhall hold Overfeers act-their meetings under this aft in the parifh which lhall be named ing together, fir ft in such order of general feffions; and if any difference difagreement fhall arile between the inhabitants or officers any parifh. or between the officers of different parifhes touching order of fdf-the execution of this aft, the juftices of the peace or magilirates, lions, afting in and for the diftrift where such difference or difagreement Petty feffious fhall happen, fhall, at any petty feffions, and they are hereby au- to^cUl'mi11^ thorifed, at the requeft or upon the complaint of any inhabitant tweerVinliabU of any such parifh, to hear and determine the fame, and make t^nts or parifh such order therein as to them fhall feem meet, and such orders officers, fliall be final and conclufive to all parties.

XI.  And be it further enafted, That anv direction <ftven, or Provifion re-

or to meet in the r p.ihfh mimed or lirlt in the

provifion made by this aft, in any matter refpefting any parifh,

fhall be conftrued to extend to every townfhip or place feparately tend to every

fupporting its own poor, and alfo to every extra-parochial place place Jupport-

added thereto, in like manner as to any parifh, and as fully as if ing its own. the faid directions and provifions had feverally and refpeftively ext-a0 been exprefsly applied to townflrips and places feparately fupport- parochial 1 ing their own poor} and that where there fhall be any extra- place, parochial place or other place, wherein no overfeers of the poor have been or are appointed, two fufficient perfons of the fame  c

places refpeftively may be prefented to the juftices at their re- the poor*are fpeftive feffions to put this aft in execution in each such place, appointed, who, being approved of and ^appointed to such office by the faid two perfons ' juftices, fhall have all the powers and authorities of overfeers of ^ n' h the poor in carrying this a6t into execution, and they are hereby  C

required to perform all the duties required in and by this aft of feffions; overfeers of the poor of any parifh in all matters required by this and where aft; and that where no such perfons fhall be appointed, the jul- none are io tices, at such feffions, fliall direct the overfeers of any adjoining appointed, the parifh, to which such extra-parochial or other place fliall have been added by the juftices at their genera] feffions for the county, overfeers of an to aft as overfeers for such extra-parochial or other place, in the adjoining pa-execution of this aft, and such overfeers fliall aft therein accord* nlb to act. ingly: provided always, That if any rate or rates fliall be to be Rates for any made for any parifh or pari flies, and any such extra-parochial or panlh and other place, jointly, such rate or rates fliall be diftincfly made for the purposes of this aft, and for no other purpose whatever.  p flee ^jointly,.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That where l0 be made ror any such parifhes or places fhall be added together as aforesaid, the pur'pofes and any fine or fines fhall be adjudged to be levied for default of °* Ullii a<^ raifing the proper proportion of men, or any fum or fums of mo- 0 Y" , ney agreed to be given as a bounty or bounties to any man or men Fmcsfoide-^ railed in purfuance of this aft, fhall'be direfted to be levied, such ^cuand*' ^ fine or fines, and bounty or bounties refpeftively, fhall be divided bounties, to and apportioned, as near as may be, between such parifhes and be proportion,..

places cd bctwecn

%



parilhes and places added together, to the number of inhabited houfesafitfled accordingly.

Anno regni tricefimo feprimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

places refpeftively, in such proportions as the number of inhabited houfes affefled to and paying the faid duties in each parifh or place (hall bear to each other; and the refpedive juftices are hereby authorifed and required to divide and apportion the fame

in each,

The charge for railing men in a parifh lying in two counties,

church Rands, See.

What counties Crake, part of Maker, Wokingham, Filey,Threap-wood, and Stamford

of, for the purposes of this ad.

XIII.  And be it further enaded, That where any parifh (hall lie in two or more counties, the charge implied upon such parifh, for raifing men for his Majesty’s fervice, by this a<d, lhall be in the county where the church belonging to such parifh is fituated, and that such parifh (hall, for the purposes of this

lhall be in that a61, be deemed part of the county ; and the bounty or bounties ^ lerein tie tQ  }eyiecj (or in cafe any fine or ftnes (ball be levied of such

parifh for default in not raifing men for the purposes of this ad, then alfo such fine or fines refpedively) fhall be paid to the treafurer of such county.

XIV.  And be it further enaded, That, for the feveral purposes of this aft, the conftablery of Craike, which is a parcel of the county of Durham, furrounded by part of the north riding of the county of York, (hall be deemed to be fituate within, and part of, the faid north riding; and that part of the parilh of

Baron° fhall be ^a^er-> which lies in the county of Cornwall., fhall be deemed to deemed part be fixate within, and part of, the county of Cornwall; and that the town and parifh of Wokingham fhall be deemed to be fituate within, and part of, the county of Berks', and that the townfhip of Filey fhall be deemed to be fituate within, and part of, the eaft riding of the county of York-, and that Threapwood. (hall be deemed to be fituate within, and part of, the parilh of Worthen-bury, in the county of Flint ; and that the parilh of Saint Martin, called Stamford Baron, in the fuburbs of the borough and town of Stanford, on the fouth fide of the waters called Welland, fhall be deemed to be fituate within part of the county of Lincoln ; and that the feveral towns and places herein-before mentioned, and deemed to be fituate within, and part of, the feveral counties aforesaid, for the purposes of this ad, fhall be fubjed to the jurifdidion and authority of the juftices of the peace and other officers of the refpedive counties, within which, such towns and places are hereby deemed to be fituate; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.  And be it further enaded, That the overfeers of the poor of every parifh to whom notice of such orders as aforefaid

tarns together lhall be given, fhall, immediately after the receiving such notice, to con fid er of call together the principal inhabitants of such parifh to a vefiry the molteffec- or other meeting, to take into confideration the mod fpeedy and effedual means of raifing the number of men appointed to be railed by them in purfuance of this act, of which meeting two days public!: notice (hall be given in writing, by affixing the fame on the church or chapel door of every such parifh, or where there is no church or chapel, then on the church or chapel door neareft thereto, fpecifying the caufe of calling such and, with their veftry or meeting; and it (hall be lawful for the faid overfeers confent, to refpedlively, with the confent of the inhabitants of such veftry

or

Overfeers to Call the principal inhabi

tual means of raifing men;

1796-] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4,  29

or meeting fo affembled, to agree with any perfon or perfons, fubjed to such approbation or rejedion as herein is mentioned, JncTmakc;9* to enter as a volunteer or volunteers to ferve his Majesty either rates tor in the army or in the navy of Great Britain; and if any such bounties, overfeers lhall, purfuant to such confent, agree to give to such volunteer or volunteers any fum or fums of money, as a bounty or bounties for his or their engaging in either of such fervices, it fhall be lawful for such overfeers to make a rate upon the inha-, bitants of every such parifh, according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor; and where two or more parifhes fhall be added together by virtue of this ad, such rate (hall be made generally for all such parifhes fo added together, and fhall be divided and apportioned between them, in such proportions as the number of inhabited houfes affeffied to and paying the faid duties in each such parifh fhall bear to each other refpedively; which rates being publifhed and approved of as rates for the relief of the poor are by law directed to be publifhed and approved of, it fhall be lawful for such overfeers to collect and overfeers raay reimburfe themfelves all such fum or fums of money as they fhall have paid for such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, and money the overplus (if any) fhall be applied, in like proportions as to volunteers, aforesaid, as part of the poor’s rate ; and all the like remedies, powers, rules, and methods, ufed, given, and applied, for af- Power forcol-

certainin?, levying, and colledting the rates for the relief of Poor o' j o7  g?  ^  rdtcs to ex-*

the poor (except where other provifions are made by this adt), tend to this fhall be ufed, applied, and put in force, for afcertaining, levying, ad. and colleding the rates to be made by virtue of this ad, in all and every the parifhes charged with railing men for such fervice as aforesaid, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame remedies, powers, rules, and methods were particularly fet forth in this ad.

XV I. And be it further eaaded, That the overfeers who are Overfeers may refpedively required or empowered by this ad to levy any pay bounties money by a rate, or to pay the amount of any bounty, or any part thereof, to the men enrolled in his Majesty’s fervice, or to or may make* the treafurer of the county, for the purposes of this ad. Hial 1 and a rate to fatis-inay pay the fame out of any money in their or any of their fy them, hands, of the rates for the relief of the poor; arid if they, or any of them, fhall not have fufficient of such money for that purpose, then such overfeers (hall, and they are hereby required to make a rate for the relief of the poor fufficient to fatisfy all probable claims arifing or to arife thereon, by virtue of this ad, in refpect of the faid bounties, as foon after the palling of this ad as conveniently may be, and fo as the full money .for such bounties may be ready to be paid or advanced at the time of enrolment; and it (hall be lawfuj for the faid overfeers to levy and collect the fame in such manner as rates made' for the relief of the poor may be levied and colieded (except as herein is otherwife provided); and that such rates, being publifhed and allowed as rates for the relief of the poor are by law direded to be publifhed and allowed, the faid overfeers (hall and may proceed to

colled

3°  Anno  regni  tricefimo  feptimo  Georgii  III.  c.  4.  [1796,

colle£l the lame notwithflanding any appeal from such rate may

Hitesnotto be be pendi quafhtd, but maybe amended.

Limitation of a&ions.

and no such rate, after any application thereof, or any part thereof, for the payment of such bounties fhall be totally quafhed or fet afide for any caufe whatever, but the fame' fhall and may be amended in such manner as {hall be neceflary for giving relief: and if any adion or fuit lhall be brought againff any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in the levying or collecting the laid rate in purfuance of this a6t, the fame (hall not be brought until fourteen days notice thereof, in writing, dial 1 have been given to such perfon or perfons, nor after a fufficient fatisfadion, or a tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after fix calendar months next after the fad committed; and every such action (hall be brought in. one of the courts of record at Wejlminjler, or of the great feffions in Wales^ as the cafe may require, and (hall be laid in the county where the caufe of adion (hall arife, and not eifewhere; and the defendant or defendants General ifluc. in such action or fuit fhall and may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad ; and if the fame (hall appear fo to be done, or if such adion or fuit (hall be brought after the time herein-before limited for the bringing the fame, or without fourteen days notice thereof, or in any other county or place, or after fufficient fatisfadion made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or luffer a difeontinu-ance of his, her, or their adion or adions, or if a verdid (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or.plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Treble cods, fhall have treble coffs, and fhall have such remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for coffs of fuit in any other cafes by law.

IF rates can- XVIi. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if

not be colled- jt £}laq anpear to such iuffices at such petty feffions, that such ed in tune for  f  r  .  .  J  ,  n  o.  j • i ■ j  r

rate cannot be conveniently collected within due time ror payment of the (aid bounty or bounties, and fufficient monies fhall not be in the hands of the faid overfeers to fatisfy the fame, it fhall and may be lawful for such juftices to make order therein, and grant a certificate thereof, and of the amount of the bounty

payment of bounties, the petty feffions may grant a certificate of

the films  _  ^  #

■wanting to the or bounties, and fum orfums wanting to defray the fame, direded to the receiver general of the land tax for the county, or to the colledor thereof for the diffrid, or any of the colledors of cuffoms or excife of the diviffon where such juff ices fhall ad, as to such juftices fhall feem moft expedient; upon producing of which certificate to the officer to whom the fame fhall be direded, he (hall be obliged to advance the fum mentioned in such certificate to be wanting as aforesaid, to be paid to the perfon or perfons enrolled, or to the treafurer of the county, or ro either of them, in such proportions as fhall be direded by such certificate, out of any publick monies in his hands; and such officer fo advancing the fame, fhall be reimbufed by an order of the juftices at the petty

feffions

receiver general of the land tax, &c. who (hall advance the money.

Sums fo advanced to be reins burfed,

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 1IL c. 4.  31

feffions for the fame didricd or divlfion, with all charges necefia- with charges, rily incurred, out of the firft monies which (hall come into the hands of the refpecftive overfeers of the poor of the rates for the  to  the  '

relief of the poor, within and forthe refpedtive parities or places hands of the for which the men, to whom or to whose ufe such monies were overfeers. refpe&ively advanced, were raifed in purfuance of this acl.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ^

(hall be lawful for the juftices of the peace before whom any 0f bounties to perfon (hall be brought to be examined, touching his confent to be advanced enter into either of the faid fervices, to diredt any dim, not on enrolment exceeding one third part of the bounty agreed to be paid to him  ^

on his engaging to ferve, to be advanced to such perfon, or to majnder to be such of his family, and in such proportions, as he (hall requed paid to the at the time of his enrolment; and that the refidue of such county trea-bounty (hall be paid into the hands of the faid treafurer or ^urer# treafurers of the county, there to remain until the fame (hall become payable according to the directions of this a<5l.

XIX.  And be it further enacted, That every perfon who^j^J^^0 fhall agree to enter himfelf as a volunteer in either of such fer- before the*" vices as aforesaid, (hall be produced before the officer or officers neareftregu-appointed to regulate the fame, at the neared place of rendezvous lating officer, to any parifh for Which such volunteer (hall agree to ferve; and ^^bat^n3be-in cafe such officer or officers fhall, on examination, approve of ^ore twojuf-fuch volunteer or volunteers to ferve his Majesty, then such tices, who fhall volunteer or volunteers may forthwith be brought before two or certify their morejudices of the peace ailing in and for the county where

any such parifh (hall be fituate ; and in cafe it fhall appear to certain parti-

fuch judices of the peace, that such perfon or perfons hath or eulars.

have voluntarily entered himfelf or themfelves in either of such

fervices, then such judices fhall, and they are required, forthwith

to certify under their hands that such perfon or perfons hath or

have voluntarily entered himfelf or themfelves in the fervice of

his Majedy’s army or navy, as the cafe may be, fetting forth

therein the place or places of the birth or lawful fettlemcnt,

age or ages, calling or callings, of him or them refpeciively, if

the fame" dial 1 be known; and (hall alfo, at the foot of every

fuch certificate, enter the amount of the fums to be paid as a

bounty or bounties to such volunteer or volunteers, on his or

their entering into such fervice; and the fums (if any) which

fhall be directed to be advanced to him or them at the time of his

or their enrolment, and alfo the fums to be paid to the treafurer Certificates to

of the county according to the directions of this acl; and which be delivered

certificates, being cut indentwife from duplicates of the fame, to the reg-u-

(hall be delivered to the proper regulating officer or officers,  *

and the regulating officer or officers (hall thereupon caufe caufe the men

fuch perfon or perfons refpectively to be enrolled in his to be enrolled.

Majedy’s fervice of the army or navy accordingly; and the Juftices, on

faid judices before whom such volunteer (hall be examined, examination

fhall at the fame time and place make an order under their hands  order'the*8*

and feals, requiring the overfeers of the poor of the parifh or overfeers to

pariflies where such volunteer has been raifed, to pay into the pay to the

hands of the treafurer of the county, within the fp^ce of four- county trea-

 UOU^ 1C

Regulating'

peal, to write his renfons for such rejection.

32  Anno’regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

bounties re- teen days after the date of such order, the full bounty money mainingdue. then remaining due.

If the regu- XX. And be it further enabled, That in cafe the regulating

lating officer officer or officers at the neareft place of rendezvous aforesaid,

Tvjed a vo-  rejedf  any  perl'on or perfons produced before him or them

lunteer, the  J  J  t  1  V  r  .  ,  ~ r .  ,  .

over leers mav as h-ich volunteer or volunteers as arorelaid, as unfit to ferve his

appec.l to the* Majeftv ill either of the fa id fervices, and the overfeers of any petty felfions. pariih for which such perfon or perfons (ball have been tendered to ferve, (ball think themfelves aggrieved by such determination of such officer or officers, it fhall and may be lawful for such overfeers, on giving immediate notice to such regulating officer or officers of their intention to appeal to the juftices of the diftridt wherein such parifh (hall be fituate, affembled at the next petty feffions to be holden by virtue of this adt; and such officer, before regUlating officer or officers, on receiving such notice, (hall, and earing ap- jle anc| t^ey js and are hereby required, before the time of hearing such appeal, to fet down his or their reafons, in writing, for such rejection, which reafons, being produced before such juftices at such pretty feffions, it (hall be lawful for such juftices, on due confideration thereof, and on due examination of the perfon or perfons fo rejected, to give order therein, as in their difcretion Orderof petty £ha]| feem expedient, which orders (hall be final and conclufive to all parties; and in cafe such juftices (hall fee caufe to refcind the determination of such regulating officer or officers, and fhall caufe to be delivered to such regulating officer or officers, such certificate as is herein-before directed, then such regulating refcinderi, and officer or officers fhall forthwith caufe such perfon or perfons fo be^efv-r-d ra^'e<^ an^ approved of, to be enrolled in his Majesty’s-Service as to him he a volunteer or volunteers: and the faid officer or officers fhall 111 all caufe the caufe an entry to be made, in feme book to be kept by him or volunteer to them, of the names of volunteers or perfons enrolled by virtue be enrolled. t)^s acq9 ancj 0f tj~,e parifhes of their laft abode or lawful fettle-

terth^ nmn^ menr’ ^ can known, an^ of their ages and deferiptions, &r. of perfons an<^ l'ums Pa^ on their account, and to whom the fame fhall be enrolled in a paid, and fhall caufe true copies or duplicates of (uch entries to book, and be franfmitted to the fecretary at war, or fecretary of the admiralty

*^icates"1o^the *~or ^ l*me  as t^e caie ,T!ay require, and which (hall be

fecretary at mac^e tbe form herein-after mentioned ; and the parifh or war, or fe- parifties (or which such volunteer or volunteers fhall be fo enrol-cretarv of the, led to ferve admiralty.

feffions to be final.

If the determination of the officer be

Parifhes for which volunteers are enrolled, to be

fhall be discharged in refpedt to such volunteer or volunteers (o enrolled, unlefs such volunteer orwolunteers fhall afterwards, and before he or they fhall be admitted into forne regiment, or entered in one of his Majesty’s (hips or veiTeis of war respectively, appear to be within any of the disqualifications difeharged in in this adt exprefsly mentioned, and final! be, by reafon of such refpe<5t of disqualification, difeharged from such Service, or otberwife taken the^appearS cut ^ame’ ^en an^ every such cafe the parifh or parifhes disqualified fhall be liable to provide other fit and able men in lieu of those before admift who fhall fo appear to be disqualified, to be raifed in the manner fion into a re- directed by this act, and the bounty agreed to be given and re-jument or in majnjng unpaid, may be applied for that purpose.

XXI. And

a £hip of war.



.1796.].-Anno regni tricefimo fepciitio Georgxi III. c. 4.  33  ^

XXf. And be it further enabled, That as foon as conveniently Overfeers to may be after any perfon or perfons fhall be enrolled as such ^^j^teerl Volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, for any place or places, the enrolledto the overfeers of the poor of or adding for such place or places, fhall petty fefiions. make a return thereof to the juftices of the diftridf, at their petty feffions to be holden next after such enrolment, fpecifying the name, the place of the birth or lawful fettlement, the age, and the calling, of every such perfon, if the fame can be known, together with the amount of the fum or fums of money agreed to be paid by way of bounty to every such volunteer, and what fums (hall have been advanced to such volunteer or volunteers of the faid bounty, which fhall be verified on oath (if required) and which oath such juftices are hereby authorifed to adminifter; Th? juftices and every such return fo made, the faid juftices fhall caufe to be turn^to bede-delivered to the clerk of the peace of the county, to be enrolled Hvered to the at the feftions there, at the next general or quarter fefiions to be clerk of the holden for such county; and in. cafe returns of the whole num- peace, to be ber of men appointed to be raifed by and for any place or places (hall not be made to the juftices of the diftricb at such petty fefTlo^ia^^ ^ feffions, within the fpace of three weeks next after the fervice if returns of of notice of the order of general feffions for raifing such number the whole of men, it fhall and maybe lawful for the juftices of such petty number to be fefiions to furnmon before them the overfeers of the poor of or ra*fed for acting for such place or places making such default; and in cafe ft^fnotbe it fhall not be made to appear by such overfeers, to the fatisfac- made, in li-tion of such juflices, that such default hath not happened by mited time, reafon of any wilful ne’gleft of, or difobedience to, the faid order of fefiions, and that the fame hath been unavoidable, it n^mmon^the fhall be lawful for such juflices, and they are hereby required, overfeers, and to fine the faid overfeers in a fum wh-:ch fhall be ten pounds over hne them tor and above the amount of such fum as fhall appear (as far as the ncgie<^* f fame can be afeertained)-to have been given on an average as a bounty to men enrolled by virtue of this act within the faid dif-tridf ;or in cafe no men fhall be raifed within the faid diftrift, then in the neareft diftridf for which men ill all then have been railed, for each man appointed to be raifed by or for such placeor places, and whereof such default fhall have been made as, afore faid ; and If fines be not in cafe the fame fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall be lawful for the faid juftices to levy the fame by warrant under their hands i^ed^on th-“ and feals, by cf i ft refs and'fale of the goods and ..chattels of such overfeers overfeers, returning the overplus, (if any) to the owner or goods, or owners thereof, in cafe such juflices fhall adjudge the default to have been wilfully made by the faid overfeers ; or to caufe the m^ibitant^ fame to be raifed by a like rare as aforefaid upon any inhabitant making dear inhabitants of such placeor places, in cafe fuel) inhabitant fault, or inhabitants (hall’ be' adjudged to have wilfully made such default, such inhabitant or inhabitants being previoufiy fum-moned by such juftices to (hew caufe why such rate fhould not be made; but in cafe such juftices fhall in their judgement If juftices deem such default unavoidable, and such overfeers fhall require deem the de* further time for raifing the number of men appointed to be

Vol. XL I,

D

fault unavoid-railedWe> they raay



34

allow birtV-r time for raif-ing the men:

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 4. [1796.

raifed by them for his Majesty’s fervice, it fhall be lawful for such juftices, by their order under their hands, to allowfuch further time as they fhall think reafonable, not exceeding the fpace of fourteen days from the date of such order; and every such order fhall be peremptorily complied with, under pain of forfeiting such fum of money as is before-mentioned for each man of whom default (hall be fo made, to be levied as herein-before is directed, in cafe the juftices fhall adjudge the default to have been wilfully made, but if the faid juftices (hall adjudge the default to be unavoidable, then the faid fine fhall be raifed in like manner as any bounty or bounties to be paid to volunteers is by this aft: directed to be raifed, and fhall be paid to the treafurer of the county for the purposes of this aft. ce^d in hear°" XXII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in ing appeals of every cafe where juftices fhall allow further time for raifing the those pariihes. number of men appointed to be raifed for his Majesty’s fervice, such juftices fhall proceed, as herein-before directed, in hearing and determining the appeals of such parifhes to which such further time fhall be allowed*

XXIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That all fines which by this aft may be levied of any inhabitant or inhabitants of any parifh or place, fhall be levied againft such inhabitant or inhabitants only who fhall be adjudged to be guilty of any negleft or default, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of such inhabitant or inhabitants refpeftively, under the like powers and methods as any other money may be levied by diftrefs and fale by this aft: provided always, That in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall find him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, by any rate or afiefl’ment made for the relief of the poor, whereof any part fhall be neceftarily applicable, or fhall have been applied, for the purposes of this aft, every such perfon or perfons fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make his or their ap-

feftions of the peal to the juftices of the diftrift where such place or places are 'fituate, at the ne*t petty feftions of the peace holden for the fame diftrift or divifion, and not to the next general or quarter feftions of the peace for the county; and the juftices of the peace aflem-bled at such petty feftions are hereby authorifed and required, on proof of reafonable notice to the overfeers making such rate, to receive such appeal, and to hear and finally determine the fame: provided always. That this aft fhall not extend toany appeal to any rate, where the fame is not applicable, or has not been applied, in part or wholly, to the purposes of this aft.

XXIV.  And be it further enafted, That all and every fum and 1 fums of money agreed to be given as a bounty or bounties, of paid thereout to any man or men raifed in purfuance of this aft,, (except such fums as fhall have been directed by the juftices of the peace to be advanced to any man at the time of his enrolment in his Majesty’s fervice, by virtue of this aft), and alfo all fines levied upon the overfeers or inhabitants by diftrefs and fale as aforesaid, or by rate, fordefault in not raifing the number of men appointed to be raifed by virtue of this aft, fhall be forthwith paid

into

Fine* 1 o be levied only againft the inhabitants ing default.

Perfons aggrieved by any rate applicable to the purposes of this pft, fhall appeal to the next petty

diftrift, where it fhall be finally determined;

Bounty money and fines to be paid to ts.e county treafurer. to be placed to certain accounts.

 Goo<

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii TIT. c. 4,  35

into the hands of the treafurer of the county, for the ufes and pur-

pofes of this  arid such refpetftivetreafurersfhall place the amount

of the'fines to the account of the refpedtive parifhes paying the

fame, and the amount of the fums paid of the bounties, to the

account of the volunteer or volunteers for whose ufe the fame

was colle&ed ; and that in all cafes where such default as afore - In cafe of de*

faid fhall be made, it fhall be lawful for . any perfon or perfons,

having authority under his JVtajefty to provide men for the fervice authorifed by

of the navy, to produce any perfons as fubftitutes, or for any such his Majesty

perfons voluntarily to come before any two or more juftices of may produce

the peace of the diftrict where the parifhes making such default fahftitutes, or

t  ^  .  vn mnrpprs

fhall be fituate, and be examined before such juftices as to their m 0^cr

confent to ferve in his Majesty’s army or navy, as fubftitutes for themfclves as

fuch parilhes refpedlively, and who fhall, and they are hereby such, to two

authorifed and required to fettle the bounty or bounties to ^hal^fettle*10

paid for such fubftitutes refpedtively; and such juftices fhall, in the bounties

cafe any such perfons fhall be approved of by the regulating and certify the

officer or officers as aforelaid, certify such confent and appro- confent and

bation, together with the names,, places of birth, or lawful

fettlemenr, ages and callings, of such perfons refpeeftively, and tutes#

the bounties agreed to be paid, in the manner herein-before

directed with refpedl to volunteers ; and such juftices who are Juftices to

hereby refpeClivclv required to grant certificates on the enrolment transmit C J r  r  1  1  r  .  a-  Comes 0*“ cer-

of any perfon or perfons as a volunteer or volunteers, or labih- tiri ^tes to the

tute or fubftitutes, by virtue of this a£J, fhall tranfmit a duplicate clerk of the

of every such certificate, under their han Is, to the clerk of the peace, to he

peace for the county, to be enrolled at the feffions there, at the u-frtcr

next general or quarter feffions to be held for such county, and  cr

thereupon such regulating officer (hall caufe such

refpe&ively enrolled as such fubftitutes as afore

parifhes refpecHvely for which such fubftitutes fhall be raifed, caufe fubfti-ihall be difeharged in like manner as aforesaid, unlefs such fubfti- tutes to be tutes fhall appear io be disqualified, and by reafon thereof be taken ^hich^hall out of his Majesty’s fervice in the manner before mentioned ; and difeharge the the faid juftices (hall thereupon make an order upon such treafurer pariflies, un-as aforesaid, to transfer, in his account, unto the ufe of such  m.en

perfons reflectively fo enrolled as fubftitutes, such fums of money, ® aforefoid'^ not exceeding the amount of the fines levied for such default ju^jces tQ as aforesaid, as fhall have been agreed to be paid as bounties to £r(jer ^ such perfons refpedtively; and the faid juftices fliall and may, at treafurer to anytime after such fubftitutes fhall be reflectively entered into transfer boun-any regiment, or on board any fhip of war, alfo order such further Q^VuhftiUtes6 fum of money out of the refidue of such fines (if any) to be paid an(| fh^IIorder to any perfon or perfons duly authorifed to provide men for the rewards to army or navy, who fhall appear to fuen juPcice to have ufed dili- the perfons gence in providing anv such fubftitutes, as a reward for the P^^,nS labour, or in payment of lawful charges to be incurred by bringing such fubftitute to be enrolled ; and the refidue (if any) that Refidue of fhall remain of iuch fines after payment of such fums as aforesaid,  ^

or for want of fufticient fubftitutes being provided, (hall be in the.[jje quarter difpofal of the juftices at the general quarter feffions of the peace, fdfions in

d  and  providing

:h perfons to be Regulating re (aid, and such officer fo

36  Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

men for the and {hall be by them applied in providing men for the augmen-army or tation of his Majesty’s army or navy* in such manner as in their and^if any re- difcretion {had teem expedient, at any time before the time of main at Eafter holding the Rafter quarter feflions,. one thousand seven hundred feffions  and ninety-seven ; and the faid juftices fhall, in cafe any part

1797, an ac- thereof {hall remain at the Eafter feffions in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, caufe to be .tranfmitted an account thereof to the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury.

XXV. And be it further enabled, That every such certificate fo granted, fignedby such regulating officer or officers, (hall, in all cafes where any such perfon enrolled by virtue of this aft fhall be placed under thecommandofanyother officer or officers,either ofthe army or navy, be tranfmitted along with such perfon fo enrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, or of the {hip or vefTei in which such perfons (hall be entered to ferve ; and such commanding officer fhall, within four days from the time of such perfon being admitted into any regiment, and before such volunteer fhall be compelled to go out of the county for which he fhall ferve, or from the time of such perfon’s joining such regiment, which fhall firft happen, or from the time of such perfon being muftered and rated on board any {hip, and before such fhip or veffel of war fhall proceed to fea, as the cafe may be, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such perfon on his engaging to ferve, and then remaining due, and which fhall be expreffed in the certificate granted in that behalf, in such manner as if such bounty money had become due to such perfon on account of arrears of pay as a private in such regimerlt, if such perfon fhall enter into the army, or on account of wages as a feaman on board such fhip or veffel, if such perfon fhall enter into If the perfon the navy ; and if he fhall have entered himfelf to ferve in his fhall have en- Majesty’s army, then the pay ticket fo made out, fhall be defi-arm^ *the ^ vered to the treafurer of the county to whom the fame is herein-tickettobe before directed to be paid, by the officer or officers making out delivered to the fame, with a certificate endorfed thereon, and figned by the the county ^ fa id officer, acknowledging the receipt of such volunteer, and

count to be tranfmitted to the treafury.

Certificates of regulating officers to be tranfmitted . with the perfons enrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer of the regiments or veffels in which entered.

Commanding officers, within a limited time, to make out tickets for payment of bounty money due.

a"codv tran{-^ ^*IS ^tniffion into his Majesty’s army, together with the regiment into which such volunteer fhall have been admitted, and that a copy of every such pay ticket fhall be tranfmitted to the paymafter general of his Majesty’s army, within one month after the date thereof ; and the treafurer of the county to whom such pay ticket fhall be prefented, with such certificate endorfed thereon, as aforelaid, fhall forthwith pay the fame to the perfon or perfons prefenting fen ting them, such ticket, and the fame (hall be paid over to the refpeftive to be paid over to the volunteers.

Penalty for default in payment.

a copy tranl mitted to the pay matter general. County trea-furcr to pay tickets to the perfons pre

volunteers entitled thereto without delay; and in default thereof, the officer or officers who fhall have received the fame, fhall be liable to the pains and penalties infiifted by anaft pafled in the laft femon of parliament, or which may be inflidled by any aft to be parted in this ieftion of parliament, for punifhing mutiny and dc-iertion* and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, again# officers for wilfully withholding the pay of their

foldiers;



*796'] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.  37

foldiers ; and in cafe such volunteer fhall be entered to ferve in Refidue of his Majesty’s navy, then the relidue of such bounty money or pa'rt yo^^ers thereof, may be paid to such perfon, or. his wife, father, mother, entered in the child, or children, in such proportions as he fhall requeft, in the navy, may be manner directed by an adf, made in the thirty-firft year of his late paid agreeably majefty King George the Second, intituled, An a£ifor the encou- to 31 ^°* *• ragementoffeamen employed in tbe royal navy, and for eJiabUjbing ’ I0> a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages, and for enabling them more eafily and readily to re?nit the fame for the fupport of their wives and families, and for preventing frauds and abufes attending such payments, or by any other ad relating to the payment of such wages : provided always, That if If the bounty the whole or any part of such bounty money fo remaining ^ues maSdue fhall, at the requeft of such volunteer, be to be paid tohimfelf, the foall be paid commanding officer of the fhip in which such perfon is appointed to the volun-to ferve fhall apply to the commiffioners of the nayy, or to the teer, the com. refident commiffioner at the port where the fhip may then be, for payment of the fame, producing the ticket of enrolment (on fldp ftian ap. which ticket of enrolment the commanding officer of the fhip ply to the fhall, and he is hereby required to indorfe the fum, to be received commiffioners by such volunteer, which indorfement, being figned by such or the com* volunteer and atteffed by such commanding officer, fhall be a miffioners at fufficient authority and difcharge to any officer of the navy the port for making payment of the fame, under the diredion of the laid com- payment; and miffioners of the navy; and that where such perfon fhall defire ^oiidVo6 any portion of the faid bounty money then remaining due, to be his family, it paid to his family as aforesaid, the fame fhall be remitted in the /hall be remanner direded by the faid ad of the thirty-iirft year of the reign knitted agree* of his faid late Majefly, (fubjed neverthelefs to such alteration as * the cafe may require), and fhall be made payable by the treafurer c. IO, P*iy-of the county in and for which the faid volunteer hath been raifed able by the to ferve; and that all the rules, forms, diredions, and methods, county trea-ufed for the payment of wages due to feamen, or payable to their lurer* families, in purfuance of the faid ad of the thirty-firfi: year afore- All the rulec faid, or by any such other ad of parliament, (except as aforefaid), qT feamen^ fhall be ufed in like manner, for the payment of such bounty wages to money to the families of all and every the men who fhall be en- extend to tered into his Majesty’s fervice, in purfuance of this ad, and in this ad. as full and ample a manner as if the faid ads, and every claufe therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this ad to such cafes,

XXVI. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for Quarter or the juftices of the peace, affeinblcd either at the general or quarter PettT feflion; ieffipns, of for the juftices at their petty feffions, within their re- tSe^attejict-0 fpedive jurifdidions, or any two or more of them refpedively, ance of con-from time to time to iffue their order or warrant, under their tables and bands and Teals, requiring the attendance of the high coriftable, overfeer$. conftable, tythingman,headborough, oroverfeers of the poor of, or ading for, any parifh or pariThes, at such time and place as in peTHity on such order or warrant fhall be expreffied ; and if any such officer such officers fhall refufe or negledto appear according to such order or warant, for neglect uf

D 2  or  duty.

3^ Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

or fhall refqjfe or negled to make such return of all such matters and things directed to be done by them refpedively in purfuance of this ad, as (hail be required of them by the faid juftices reflectively, or to comply with such orders and directions as he or they refpedively fhall from time to time receive from the faid juftices, or any two or more of them refpedively in purfuance of this ad, or fhall, in making such return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or grofs neglect in his or their duty, the faid juftices, or any two or more of them refpedively, are hereby empowered and required, at their difcretion; to fine such perfon or perfons in any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds; and in cafe of any fraud, wilful partiality, or grofs negled as aforesaid, over and above such penalty, to commit the perfon fo offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of one calendar month.

XXVII. And whereas the powers of this afl may not be fully cxe~ cuted, before the ufual time in the year of the overfeers of the poor going out of office \ be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the juftices of the peace, ading in and for the refpedive dif-trids or diviftons, at their refpeCtive petty feflions (whenever they office till they fha]l fee occafion, by reafon of any of the powers of this ad re-

Petty feflions may order overfeers to continue in

completely execute this aft;

maining unexecuted, in part or in the whole, at any time previous to, or on the appointment of olher overfeers for the fame place or places) by any order under the hands and feals of any two or more of them, to order and dired the overfeers, who fhall have been in office at the commencement of this ad, to continue in their faid refpedive offices, for the purposes of effedually and completely carrying into execution the powers and trufts given or veiled by this ad; and such overfeers fhall, by virtue of the faid order, (notwithftanding other overfeers fhall have been or may be appointed for the fame place or places refpedively for general purposes) continue to have and exercife all the powers and jurifdidions incident or belonging to their refpedive offices, or given or veiled in them by this ad, fo far as the fame are necef-iary to carry into execution the powers of this ad, and fhall continue to do and perform all the like duties and offices required to be done or performed by them refpedively by this ad, as fully and effectually, and under the like. pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as they refpedively could, might, or ought to have, do, or perform the fame, or any of them, at any time after the commencement of this ad, and before such appointment of other but if r*u such overfeers for the fame place or places, for general purposes as afore-order be  faid, any law, ufage Or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding :

made, the  provided always. That if no such order {hall be made, the overfeers

overfeeis »or for. t^e time being fhalLexecute all matters and things neceflary to be done for completely carrying into execution the powers of this ad.

XXVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any overfeer fhall die or remove from the place for which he was appointed, or become insolvent before the expiration of his 6  office

the time being ihall execute it. Juftices may appoint overfeers in the Head of such

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.  39

office or duty under this ad on oath thereof made, it fhall be as may die, lawful for such juftices of the peace as aforesaid, to aPPolnt cornednVol-^" another overfeer in his ftead, for the purpose of completely car- vent £0 com. rying this ad into execution, who (hall continue in office ac- plctr the pur-cordingly; and in cafe of removal, such overfeer fhall give an P°fes of this account, on oath to the faid juftices, of all matters and things a<“ * done by him in execution of this ad, and fhall comply with such to^Ve orders and directions as he fhall receive from the faid juftices ^account'"6 touching the execution of this ad, under the like penalties as are in- on oath to the Aided on overfeers in office for any negledof duty; and in cafe of juftices; and the death or infolvency of such overfeer, his executors, admini-ftrators, or affigns, fhall, within forty days after his deceafe or infol- fuc'h as die*or vency, in purfuanceof an order in writing figned by any two such become infol-juftices as aforesaid, attend such juftices, and give an account to the vent, to at-beft of their knowledge and belief, of all things done by such perfon ^ftfces^nd deceafed or infol vent, touching the execution of this ad, and J0Dey the-r fhall in like manner, and under the like penalties, comply with orders, such orders as they fhall refpedively receive from the faid juftices in relation to this ad.

XXIX.  And be it further enafted, That the juftices of the  ^

peace of thefeveral counties, cities, towns, boroughs, and places the county before mentioned, fhall, at their refpedive quarter feffions, held treaiurer to within their refpedive counties and places, next after the day of deliver an ac-Eofler in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

ilTue their orders under the hands of any two of them, direded andtopay^th^

to the treaiurer or treafurers of the county, requiring the faid balance to the

treafureror treafurers to deliver in an account in writing, figned by receiver ge-

himfelf or themfelves, of all fums of money by him or them re- nenlU

ceived by virtue of this ad, and on what account, under the heads

and according to the form in the fchedulc hereunto annexed ; and if

it fhall appear, by any such account, that any fum or fums of

money received by him or them for or on account of any bounty

or bounties, agreed to be given to men on their, entering into

his Majesty’s fervice, or for or on account of fines levied for default

in not railing the proper number of men, remain unaccounted

for by fucfi treafurer or treafurers, according to the directions of

this add, it fhall be lawful for the faid juftices, or any two of them

by their warrant under, their hands and feals, to order and direct

fuch treafurer or treafurers, within fourteen days after the date

of such warrant, to pay into the hands of the receiver general of

the county, or his deputy, the balance due from such treafurer or

treafurers as aforesaid, which receiver general, or his deputy,

fhall give acquittances for the fame.

XXX.  And be it further enaded, That the juftices of the

peace to whom such accounts fhall be delivered, lhall iftue their appear

orders or warrants, under the hands and feals of any two of them, not to have

to the ading overfeers of the poor of any pariih or parifh.es within ^ecn paid to

their refpedive divifions, for which any man or men fhall have ^’a^n^rcer

been appointed to be railed in purfuance of this ad, and for overfetrs^to

which any fum or fums of money agreed to be given as a bounty pay thearrears

or bounties to such man or men, or direded to be levied as a fine out of money

c j  or  in their hands,

40

or to make a rate for the fame.

Anpo regni tricefimofeptlmoOEORGii III. c. 4. [1796.

or fines for default in not raifing the proper number of men, (hall appear not to have been fully paid into the hands of the trea-furer or treafurers of the county, by which orders or warrants the faid juflices (hall require the laid overfeers of the poor for the time being in cafe such fum or fums of money fhall not appear to them to have been actually afieffed and raifed upon the parifh, by the perfons holding the office of overfeers of the po'or at the time of the men’s enrolment, or if the fame fhall appear to have been fo adtually afieffed and railed, and to have been fince _ applied to the ufe of such parifh or parifhes, in any other manner than is diredted by this adt, then and in such cafe to pay the fum and fums in arrear into the hands of the faid treafii er or treafurers, out of any monies in their or any of their hands, of the monies raifed for the relief of the poor in such parifh or parishes, or if they fhall not have money fufficient for thatpurpofe in their hands, then to make a rate for the fame, in like manner as rates are ufually made for the relief of the poor.

XXXi Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if such orders or warrants of juflices as laft aforesaid, fhall be directed to any oveifeer or overfeers who fhall not have been in office at the time of the men’s enrolment in purfuance of this a£t* and it {ball appear to the faid overfeers of the poor, to whom any such order or warrant fhall be directed, that the perfons holding the office of overfeers of the poor at the time of the men’s enrolment, actually caufed all and every the fum or fums of money agreed to be given a^s a bounty or bounties, or directed to be paid as a fine or fines, for default in not raifing the number of men appointed.to be raifed, to be afieffed and levied as by this act is directed, and that the fame, or any part thereof, yet remains in the hands of the faid then overfeers of the poor, it fhall be lawful for such overfeers of thepoor, to whom such orders or warrants (hall be directed, and they are hereby required to return such default, with the fums in arrear, and the names of the defaulters, by endorfing the fame on the back of such order or warrant, to the juflices granting the fame, or to such other juflices as fhall attend at any-meeting at which such return fhall be made, and such juflices may examine- on oath into the matters contained in such return* and, if they fee caufe, may ifTue their order or warrant, directed to the perfon or perfons making such default, requiring them to pay to the treafurer or treafurers of the county the fum and fums in arrear, at a time to be limited in such order or warrant, not later than fourteen days after the date thereof; provided alfo, That dt ? ^ the Per^on or perfons, by whom the fum or fums of money, fo retf the a&ing returned to be in arrear, fhall have been afieffed or raifed, and ovtrfec-rs to not applied as afore faid, fhall be dead, or fhall have become bankrupt or infolvent, or fhall not be then reiident within the jurif-didtion of such juflices, it fhall and may be lawful for any two of them, by like order or warrant as aforesaid, to direct the then af'ting overfeers of the poor to raife and.pay the fum or fums in arrear to the treafurer or treafurers ©f the county, in like manner

Overfeers to return defaulters in that office who have levied rates and not paid the money to the county treafurer, and juflices may ifiue their warrant for payment of the fame;

and if the

raife and pay the arrear.

tq

1796.} Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.  41

ner as they are hereby authorifed to dire£l payment where the fame fhall not have been adlually aflefled orTaifed as'aforefaid, for the purposes of this adh

XXXII.  And be it further enafled, That the treafurer or-^^ treafurers of the county fhall pay over, within fourteen days af- money ter he fhall receive the fame, all fum and fums of money received received after by him or them at any time after the faid Eafter fe(lions in the the Eafter fef year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-leven, on account of men raifed for his Majesty’s fervice by virtue of this a£t, or generai? anc| on account of fines directed to be levied for default in not railing on demand of the number of men appointed to be raifed as aforesaid, to the a juftice tode-receiver general of the county, or his deputy, in like manner as o/all they are hereby dfredled to pav any fum of money then remain- money re„ ing in their hands; and fhall alfo, on demand made by any juf- ceived after tice of the peace of the county, from time to time deliver an that period, account, iigned as aforesaid, of all monies which they fhall

receive at any time after the faid Eafter fellions in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, applicable to the ufes and purposes herein mentioned, in like manner as they are' hereby diredted to deliver in accounts of the monies then remaining in their hands.

XXXIII.  And be it further enaded, That if any treafurer of

any county fhall refufe or negledt to deliver in any such account {|veMn ac-to the juftices of the peace as aforesaid, or to pay to the receiver counts or pay-general of such county all such fum and fums of money as he fhall balances, or receive an account of men raifed for his Majesty’s fervice, or on  neg"

account of fines diredfted to be levied for default in not railing the money ^re<ft-number of men appointed to be raifed by virtue of this adt, edbythejuf-within the refpedtive times herein-before limited, or if any per- tices, or to fon holding the office of overfeer of the poor at the time of the men’s enrolment, or any fucceeding overfeer, fhall refufe or falm™Yt may-neglecl within the time limited by any order or warrant of two be levied by or more such juftices of the peace, to pay the fum required to be di ll: re Is on the paid by the order or warrant of such juftices to the treafurer or goods of the treafurers of the county, or fhall refufe or negledf, in cafes where de au ei* the fame fhall be necefiary, to make a rate for raifing the fum required to be fo paid, it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more such juftices to levy the fame, by warrant under their hands and feals, by diftrefs and fale. of the goods and chattels of the per fon or perfons fo making default, and to diredl the money fo raifed to be" paid into tjie hands of the receiver general of such county, or his deputy, taking a receipt for the fame, and the overplus (if any) after fatisfying all charges and expences attending the fame, to be paid to the perfon or perfons againft whom such warrant fhall be made.

XXXIV.  And be it further enabled, That the juftices of the Juftices to peace of the feveraf counties, to whom any accounts (hall have tr-anftnifc been delivered by the treafurer or treafurers of such counties fair's ac-*^ refpedtively, (hall, as foon as conveniently may be, caufe the counts to the fame to be tranfinitted to the commifiioners of his Majesty’s treafury, and, treafury, and (hall alfo at the fame time return what thev the return what'"

J faid they have '

done.



Treafury mny demand from receivers general accounts of money re * ceived, and dired the fame to be paid to the paymafter general, or the treafurer of the navy, to be applied to certain purposes.

Clerks of the peace, within 14 days after the quarter fefhons after Eaftcr 1797, to tranfmit to the fecretary at war and admiralty, copies of return!?, and certificates of men railed to ferve in the army and navy refpcc-tively, &c.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4, [1796.

faitl jdllices (hall refpe£lively have done thereupon'in the exe-

cution of this ad.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful lor the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three of them, to demand from the receiver or receivers general ot any county, an account of such fum and fums of money, as he or they (hall receive in purfuance of this ad, and to dired the fame to be paid into the hands of the paymafters general of the army, or the treafurer of the navy, in such proportions as to them (hall fee in neceflary, for the purpose of reimburfmg the faid paymafters and treafurer refpedively the payments made by them in purfuance of this ad ; and such monies (hall be applied to the re-payment of such fum and lums of money as fhall appear by the tickets of enrolment to be due to the paymafters general and treafurer of the navy refpedively, and which (hall, in the courfe of his Majesty’s fervice, have been paid by them refpedively to any volunteer or fubftitute raifed by virtue of this 2d, and alfo to pay such fum and fums of money as (hall appear by the tickets of enrolment in the poffelfion of the faid paymafters general, or of his Majesty’s commiffioners of the navy, to be due to any other volunteers or fubftitutes, railed for the fervice of his Majesty’s army or navy, by virtue of this ad; and the refidue thereof (if any) fhall be applied for the ufe of his Majesty’s military or naval fervice, under the direction of parliament.

XXX VI. And be it further enaded, That the clerk of the peace of every county (ball, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days next after the general quarter ieffions of the peace to be held next after the day otE after in the year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, to tranfmit to the fecretary at w ar a copy figned by such clerk of the peace, of every return and ate of men railed to ferve in the army by virtue of this

certth

2 A .

t; and alfo to tranfmit to the commiftioriers of the admiralty a copy, iigned as aforesaid, of every return and certificate of men railed to ferve in the navy by virtue of this ad; and where such return or certificate (hall be omitted to be made, such clerk of the peace (hall certify such omiffion, both to the fecretary at war, and the commiffioners of the admiralty, in like manner, and alfo what proceedings (hall have been had at any quarter fdlions in relation to the raifing fubftitutes, where the due proportion of men (hall not have been railed by the refpedive parifnes charged therewith ; and if any such clerk of the peace fhall refufe, or wilfully negled to receive, deliver, make, record, or tranfmit any such returns as aforesaid, according to the directions and true meaning of this ad, every such clerk of the peace fo offending fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no perfon fhall be received or enrolled in his Majesty’s fervice, fied not to be by viftue of this ad, who is not, in the opinion of the regulating enrolled; officer or officers, such an able-bodied man as is fit to ferve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other diftemper,

or

on penalty of 500I.

Perfons dif-qualifted as herein fpeci-



1796*] Anno regni tricelimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.  43

or bodily weaknefs or infirmity, which may render him unfit to

perform his duty in the army or navy, or who, in the opinion

of such officer or officers, (hall appear to be under the age of

fixteen years, or above the age of forty-five years, nor any per-

fon being or having been, on or before the twentieth day of

•Otlober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, an articled

clerk or apprentice, nor perfons ferving under articles in the

coal trade, until the expiration of the faid articles (unlefs with

the confent of the matter of such clerk or apprentice, or of the

matter or such other perfons as aforefaid) ; nor any perfon en-

lifted in any of his Majetty’s forces, whether military or marine,

or who has deferted therefrom, or who is already entered in his

Majefty’s navy; nor any poor man (not being a fea-faring man)  ifCfn_

who has more than two children born in wedlock : provided, rolled//hall be

That no perfon enrolled by virtue of this a cl (hall, by reafon of di (charged,

any such difqualification as aforesaid, be liable to be difcharged unlefs notice

from his Majefly’s fervice, or taken out of the fame, unlefs no-

iice in writing of such difqualification fhall be given to the officer given before

or officers under whose command such perfon (hall be, before his entering

the time of his entering into any regiment, or on board any of mto a re£l~

his Majetty’s fhips of war, and before the bounty hereby autho- ^j°n

rifed to be paid to men raifed by virtue of this adt fhall have been anc| before

paid or Satisfied to him ; any thing before contained to the con- receiving

trary notwithstanding.  bounty.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enadted, That every perfon en- Time for rolled by virtue of this adt, and entered into any regiment or which perfons independant company of his Majesty’s army, fhall be liable to be liable ferve therein during the continuance of the prefent war, and for t0 eive*

the fpace of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the regiment or independant company in which such perfon fhall be ferving fhall be in Great Britain, or otherwife, for the fpace of one calendar month next after their arrival in Great Britain; and that every such perfon entering into the fervice of the-navy, fhall be liable to ferve therein during the continuance of the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the (hip on board which such perfons fhall ferve fhall be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwife for the fpace of one calendar month next after the arrival of such fhip.in arty such port.

XXXIX,  And be it further enacted, That if any perfon, be- Penalty for ing enrolled in his Majesty’s naval fervice by virtue of this act, defertion from fhall defert such fervice, or, being actually entered in such fer-

vice, fhall lift himfelf in any company, troop, or regiment, in the military or his Majesty’s military or marine forces, without firft having a marine forces, difcharge in writing from the faid commiffioners of the admiralty, or (Inking or or such officer or officers as fhall be duly authorifed by them for office^ that purpose, or fhall ftrike or ufe any violence againft any officer or officers under whose command he fhall be put (fuch officer of officers being in the execution of his or their duty) or fhall difobey any lawful command of such officer or officers, all and every perfon or perfons lo offending on fhore, in any such part ' •  .  of

Con ft able s may caufe fuf-pebtecl defer-ttrs from the naval lei vice to be apprehended; and if juft ices find them to have

Anno regni tricefimo fepdmo Georgxi III. c. 4. £1796.

of Great Britain aforesaid, fhall fuffer death, or such otherpunifh-ment as by a court martial fhall be infli&ed ; and such perfon or perfons, being apprehended or in cuftody for such offence, fhall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty’s fhip.s of war in commiffion, at any of the ports of this kingdom, and there detained and tried for such offence, in such manner, and by such court, as if such offence had been committed on board, or from on board, such (hip of war.  ■  ■  7

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the conftable, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place where any perfon enrolled by virtue of this act in his Majesty’s naval fervice who may be' realonably fuf-peeffed to be a deferter, (hall be found, to apprehend or caufe him to be apprehended, and to caufe such perfon to be brought before any juftice of the peace, living in or near fach town or ce.

thtn  Pblce» wbo ]s hereby empowered and required to examine such

commit\bem Per^on j an^ *f by his confeffion, or the teftimony of one or more aud tran(mit ' witnefs or witnefles upon oath, or by the knowledge of such juft* an account to tice of the peace, it (hall appear or be found that such perfon is the admiralty. a perfon duly enrolled in his Majesty’s fervice by virtue of this.

acf, such juftice of the peace (hall, forthwith, caufe him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he fhall be found, or to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, in such town or place where such deferter fhall be apprehended, or to The Savoy > in cafe such deferter. (half be apprehended within the cities of London or IVejlminjier, or places adjacent, and 'transmit an account thereof to the fecretary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end such perfon may be proceeded again ft sc-ceive the iub^ corcbnS to bw; and the keeper of such gaol, houfe of correction, fi ft cnee* of de- or Pr^on? (hah receive the full fubfiftence of such deferter during ferters, but no the time he fhall continue in his cuftody, for the maintenance of such deferter, but fhall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprifonmenf of any such deferter \ any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And^ for the better encouragement of any perfon or perfons to fecure and apprehend any dejerter who fall have been enrolled in Juftices to or- the naval fervice by virtue of this be it further enabled, That der 20s. to be such juftjce 0f the peace fhall alfo iffue his warrant, in writing, to the collector or collectors of the land tax money, of the parifh W'here such deferter (hall be apprehended, for paying, out of the land tax money arifen or to arile in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, into the hands of such perfon or perfons, who fhall apprehend or caufe to be apprehended, any such deferter from his Majesty’s faid fervice, the lum of twenty, (hillings for every such deferter that fhall be fo apprehended and committed ; which fum of twenty (hillings fhall be fatisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant fhall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XLII. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon fhall defertcTS^from barbour> conceal, or affift, any deferter, from his Majesty’s faid thVnaval fer- nava^ fervice, knowing him to l?e such, every such perfon fo vice.  '  '  ’  offending

paid by the collector of the land tax to the appre-hender of a deferter from the naval ler-vice.

Penalty of 5L



,

45

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.

offending (hall forfeit, for every such offence, the fum of five pounds ; and upon conviction, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any .one or more of his Ma-jefty’s juftices of the peace, the faid penalties fhall be levied by warrant under the’hands of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the of- Application of fender, one moiety of the faid penalty to be paid to the informer ^lc penalty, by whose means'fuch deferter fhall be apprehended, and the residue of the faid refpeftive penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deferter did or doth belong, to he credited by him in his accounts; and in cafe any such offender, who fhall Offenders not be convifted as aforefaid of harbouring or affifting any such de- cAnTdiftreii ferter or deferters, contrary to the intent of this aft, fhall not OITnot paying have fufficient goods and chattels whereon diftrefs may be made the penalty, to the value of the penalties recovered againft him for such of- be corn-fence, or fhall not pay such penalties within four days after such ^rgl^onths conviftion, then and in such cafe such juftice or juftices fhall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, commit such offender to«the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of three months.

XLIIL And whereas there may be occajion for the quartering of the men enrolled by virtue of this aft^ in feveral parts of this kingdoms be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to enrolled quarter and billet the men enrolled in his Majesty’s fervice, by virtue of this aft, while on fhore, (except in the city and county marines, of the city of London aforefaid) in such manner, and at such times and places refpeftively, and under such and the like powers, rules, regulations, reftriftions, and provifions, as his Majesty’s marine forces may be quartered and billetted, by an aft paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, intitutled, An aft for the regulation of his Majeffs marine forces while on fliore, or.by any other aft then in force for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces.

XLIV. And whereas there may be occafion for quartering the officers appointed by his Majejly, in purfuance of this aft, and their 'dffiflantSy before any men are enrolled, and of opening houfes of rendezvous for the purpose of receiving such men : be it further enafted.

That it fhall and may be lawful to quarter and billet the officers Officers ap-appointed by his Majesty to aft in the execution of this aft, and p^I-fa^nce of their refpeftive affiftants, in such manner, and under such and this aft, and the like powers, rules, regulations, reftriftions, and provifions, their affiftants, as the men to be enrolled in his Majesty’s fervice by virtue of ®ay be billet-this aft may be quartered and billetted; and that each and every to be enrolled the houfe or houfes and place or places where such officers fhall p| v>here* be quartered or billetted, or such of them as fhall be thought officers neceflary, it fhall be lawful for the feveral and refpeftive juftices of are billetted the peace, having authority to aft in the execution of this aft, or any be ap-two or more of them, by their order in writing, under their hands J^^tion^of and feals, to appoint and conftitute a place or places of rendez- men enrolled, vous for the reception of men enrolled by virtue.of this aft.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or per- Penalty for Tons fhall falfdy make oath to any of the matters herein before ^tffi^cunter-

required jfeiting cerlifi-

cates or returns, &c.

46  Anno  regni  tricefimo  feptimo  Georgii  III.  c,  4. [1796.

required to be verified, such perfon or perfons (hall fuffer the like pains and penalties as are incurred by perfons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and that if any perfon or perfons {hall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify any certificate or return required or diredfed to be given or made by this adf, or fhall knowingly or wilfully make ufe of any certificate or return fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, such perfon or perfons fhal], for every such offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if of'cfff nceU^ any Per^on enro^ed *n his Majesty’s fervice, by virtue of this adf, punifhable by  accufed  of  any  capital crime, or of any violence or of-

law, fliali beX fence againft the perfon, eftate, or property of any of his Ma-delivered over jefty’s fubjedts, which is punifhable. by the known laws of the land, the officer or officers having the command of such party is and are hereby required to ufe his and their utmoft endeavours to deliver over such accufed perfon to the civil magiftrate, and fhall alfo be aiding and aftifting to the officers of juftice in feiz-ing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial; and if any such officer fhall wilfully negledf or refufe upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over such accufed perfon to the civil magiftrate, or to be aiding and afiifting to the officers of juftice in the apprehending such offender, everv such officer fo offending, and being thereof convidled before any two or more juftices of the peace for the county where the fadt is committed, by the oath of two credible witneffes, (hall be utterly difabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty’s fervice, provided the laid convidtion be affirmed at the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the faid county, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being.

XLVIT. And be it further enacted, That no perfon who {hall be enrolled in his Majesty’s fervice by virtue of this adf, (hall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s fervice by apy procefs whatever, other than by fome criminal procefs for fome criminal matter punifhable by the known laws of the land.

XLV III. And be it further enadted, That the feveral forms of enrolment and of the returns which thej uftices of the peace, and other officers before-mentioned, are required to caufe to be made and returned of the number of men levied for his Majesty’s fervice, together with the other particulars herein-before diredted, fhall be made as follows; videlicet,

Perfons en-

to the civil magiftrate.

Penalty on officers not delivering over such offenders, &c.

No perfon enrolled lhall be taken out of the fervice, but for a criminal matter.

Enrolments and returns to be made in. the following form.

Names

47

1796*1 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.

Names of men enrolled.  Volunteers or fubfti-tutes.  Pari flies for which they fcrve.  Parilhes they belong to.  Ages.  Defcrip-tions of their persons.  Sums paid to volunteers or fublti-tuies.  ’,Sums directed to be paid tu ’the trea-furer of the county, and to whom.  Days on which they were enrolled, and at what places.

*      •          

XLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fervant wliat- A jufhYe may ever, hired by the year or otherwife, (hall be enrolled, and any fettle dilutes difpu-te fhall arife between his matter or millrefs, employer or employers, and such fervaat, touching any fum or Turns of mo - Vantsenrolled, ney due to such fervant for or on account of his fervice performed refpe&ing before the time of such enrolment, or to such time as he fhall be wages, obliged to quit the fervice of his faid matter or mittrefs, employer or employers, it fhall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof to any juttice of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town corporate, or place, where such matter or mittrefs, employer or employers, fhall inhabit, for such juttice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such fervant, or any other witnefs or witnefies, touching the fame, and to make such order for the payment'offo much wages to such fervant, in proportion to the fervice he has performed, as to such juttice fhall feemjuft and reafonable; and in cafe of refufal or nonpayment of any fums fo ordered, by the fpace of seven days next after such determination, such juttice (hall and may iffue forth his warrant to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale'of the goods and chattels of such matter or mittrefs, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such dittrefs and fale.

L.  Provided alfo,, and be it further enactted, That this actt, or This not any thing herein contained, fhall not be deemed or conftrued to to be apreoe-be a precedent on any future occafion to diminifh or be prejudi-cial to the rights, liberties, cuttoms, privileges, immunities, and rights of the exemptions to which the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, city of Lon-

of don.

- 

How fines exceeding 20I. (except for

men) (hall be recovered

hot exceeding that fum.

48  Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

of the city of London, or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the faid city are entitled to enjoy by prefcription* a£i of parliament, charter, ufage, or otherwife howfoever.

LI And be it further enabled, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this a A impofed, which (hall exceed the fum of not railing the twenty pounds (except the Sites to be levied for not raifing the proportion of proportion of men as herein-before is diredted) fhall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, or the courts of great feflion in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Cbejler, Lancajler, and Durham, (as the cafe fhall require), wherein no efToign, privilege, proteblion, wager of and how fines ]aw^ or more than one imparlance, ihall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this abl impofed, which fhall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds, fhall, upon proof upon oath of the offence before any two or more jufiices of the peace of the county or place where the offence fhall be committed,-be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of such jufiices, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such diftrefs and fale, to the perfon whose goods and. chattels Offendersmay {ha]i have been fo diftrained 3nd fold; and for want of fufficient f(^r u^antof  ihch jufiices are hereby required, in all cafes where no

diftrefs. particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence fhall have been committed, for any time not Application of exceeding three months; and the money arifing by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not orher-wife particularly directed by this a<ft, fhall be paid one moiety thereof to his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to him or them that will inform or fue for the fame.

LII. And be it further enabled, That no order of conviction made by any juftice or jufiices of the peace, by virtue of this a Cl, nor execution fhall be removed by Certiorari into any court whatfoever; and to be 1'uper- that no writ of Certiorari fhall fuperfede execution, or other proceedings upon any such order or convibiion fo made in pur-fuance of this abl; but that execution and other proceedings (hall he had and made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enabled. That the refpebtive clerks of the peace, treafurers, clerks ofjuftices at petty feffions, constables, and other officers, who are hereby refpeblively required to execute this act in any of the particulars herein mentioned, and who (hall refpeblively execute the fame to the fatisfablion of the rewards as the juices of the peace, at their refpebtive quarter feftions aftembled quarter fef- within the faid counties, cities, towns, cinque ports, liberties, /fens fhall and p]aces herein mentioned, fhall have and receive such rewards,

, 2nd no other (except such rewards as fhall be directed to be paid who flja]] dl-  rrL  ♦  1  '  T r rn- ^

reel payment to any perfon for his pains or charges in railing fubflitutes as

out of the herein-before is direbled) for their care and trouble ia and about county rates }  the

fines.

LTo order to be removed by Certiorari,

leded.

Clerks of the peace, trea-furers, clerks of petty fef-fions, confta-bles, &c. to receive such

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo GEOitGit IIJ. c. 4.  49

the executing this ad, and for their refpediveexpences and charges in the fame, as the faid juftices fhail judge the faid oncers to have deferved; and the faid juftices fhail, after allowance thereof* dired the fame to be paid by the treafurer, or other officer of such county, out of any money in bis hands of the county rates; and if such treafurer or officer fhail not have fufficient and if they money in his hands of the county rates to pay the fame, then such juftices fhail, and are hereby authorifed and required, to may make a rate for the payment of the fame, in such manner and rate for the form as they are authorifed by law to make rates for the repair of payment, gaols or county bridges, or any other purposes for which the rate commonly called The County Rate is or may by law be applicable.

LIV. Provided always,-and be it further enabled, That if any If a place uni-diftrid, town, liberty, or place, which is hereby united with any couift^Llmt county for the purposes of this ad, is not liable to such county nabie to the rate, then the faid juftices hereby appointed for the carrying county rates, into execution the purposes of this ad, fhail, and they are hereby the juftices _ authorifed and required, jointly to ascertain the proportions of afcert^u such rate which ought to be defrayed by such diftrid, town, li- whichit ought berty, or place, according to the number of inhabited houfes to pay, paying taxes within the fame, and the amount fo afcertained fhail be levied within such diftrid, town, liberty, or place, by the juftices thereof, by a rate, in the fame manner as any juftices might in a county levy money for county purposes.

LV. And be it enabled, That the juftices of the peace at their The juftices firft meeting, for the purposes of carrying this ad into execution, ^eetfn^ fhail dired, and are hereby required to dired the treafurer or dired county* treafurers of the county to whom any fum or fums of money fhail treafurers to have been direded to be paid on account of bounty or fines, in whom money purfuance of an ad of the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majesty, directed to&be intituled. An aft for raifing a certain number of men in the fevsral pajdin purfu-counties in England for the fervice of his Alajefy’s navy, to render anceof35Geoe. an account (in the form direded by an a£t to enforce the due 3* c- 5* to execution of the before recited ad), of all and every fum and ^count^f fums of money whatever that fhail have been paid to the faid m0nies re-treafurer or treafurers on account of bounty and fines as aforesaid, ceived, and and fhail alfo dired the balance or refidue of such bounty and pay balances, fines to be forthwith paid into the hands of the receiver general to rec:e*v“ of the county, and fhail alfo tranfmit the faid accounts to the an^ f^ali ' commiftioners of his Majesty’s navy.  tranfmit the

LVI. And be it further enaded, That it fhail and may be account to the lawful for the commiftioners of his Majesty’s navy, or any three nav^ °^ce* of them, to demand from the treafurer or treafurers of any coun-ty, riding, or divifion, such fum or fums of money as fhail have navy maycI^ been paid into the hands of such treafurer or treafurers, as a bounty re<5t county or bounties on account of any man or men entering to ferve in treafurers to the navv in purfuance of this ad, and to dired the fame to be PaV monies

'  *  _  rece,ve(j 3^

paid into the hands ol the treafurer of the navy, for 'which pay- bounties to ments fo made the (aid commiftioners, or any three of them, are men entering hereby authorifed to give a fulldifcharge in purfuance of this ad; into the navy, and such monies fhail be applied to the Dayment of bounty or the

Vo.. XU.  F.



Anno regiii tricefimo iepcimo Georgii III, c. 4; [1796,

bounties herein directed to be paid, under the comptroll of the faicl commiffiohers, to volunteers who are entered and rated on board the ihips in which they are intended to ferve.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further ena£!ed, That if any perfon appointed, or to be appointed, an overfeer of any parifh during; the continuance of this a£!, (hall be of the people called

m, and fhall negledt or refufe to perform the duties required

juftices may appoint a deputy overfeer for carrying this act into execution.

5°

applied in payment of bounties to volunteers.

If any Quaker fhall be appointed an overfeer, and <S)n

his'duty^two overfeers by this a£l, it fliall and may be lawful for two juf-' “  ’ tices of the peace of the diftridl where such parifh is fituate, and

they are hereby required, in all cafes where the circumftances of the cafe fhall,Jn their judgement, render it expedient, by their order, under their hands and ieals, to appoint one or two fit and proper perfon or perfons to be deputy overfeer or overfeers of such parilh, for the purpose only of carrying this a<5! into execution; and such perfons lb appointed deputies fhall have and exercife all the powers and jurifdidfion given to overfeers of the poor by this ac!, and fhall do and perform all the like duties and offices under the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are hereby impeded for negledf of duty on overfeers of the poor appointed by virtue of the laws now in force; and that where an appointment of any deputy fhall be fo made, the principal overfeer (being one of the people called Quakers) fhall be, and he is hereby dif-charged from the performance of any duty required of him by this adi, and from all penalties incurred fornegledt thereof after the time of such appointment.

LVTII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That whenever any bounty or bounties fhall have been paid out of the rates railed for the relief of the poor of any parifh, the fame fhall be reimburfed by a rate fpecially made under the authority and for the purposes of this a<5l; and it fhall be lawful for any two juftices of the peace of the county where such parifh is fituate, on the complaint of any parifhioner that the money fo paid out of the rate made for the relief of the poor hath not been reimburfed, and they are hereby required to order and diredt the overfeers of such parifh forthwith to make a rate to reimburfe the fame.

LIX. And be it further enadled, That if any adfion fhall be brought againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in pur-fuance of this ad!, such adtion or fuit fhall be commenced within ftx months next after the fad! committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint-did arife and no: elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such adtion or fuit may plead the general iftue, and give this ad! and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuir, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their ad!ion or fuit after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs. Treble colts, the defendant or defendants fhdl have treble cofts,and have the like

remedy

Bounties paid out of the poor rates, to be reimburfed by a fpecial rate.

Limitation of actions.

General iffue.

 Go< le

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.  51

remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in other cafes to re-cover cofts by law.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this This a<ft may ad may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be be alte^ed or made in this prefent feftion of parliament.  fdlTon? U*

LXI. And be it further enaded, That the forms of the pro- Forms in the ceedings relative to the feveral matters contained in this ad, annexed fche-which are fet forth and exprefted in the fchedule hereunto annexed, dule may be may be ufed on all occafions, with such additions and variations ue * only as may be necelTary to adapt them to the particular exigencies of the cafe, and that no objedion {hall be made, or advantage No objedion taken, for want of form, in any such proceedings, by any perfcn  *or

or perfons whatever.  form.

THE SCHEDULE

to which this ACT refers.

No. i.

FORM of Appointment of General Seffions.

To the Juftices of the Peace for the County, [Riding, or Divifion] of

WHEREAS it is enaded, by an ad, intituled, [Herefel forth the Title of the Aft] and paffed on the  Day of

"That the Juftices of the peace ading in and for the county of [or Riding, or Divifion, as the Cafe may he] fhall, within a Time, not exceeding T wenty-one Days after the palling of that , Ad, aflemble together at fome convenient Place in the faid County of  [or Riding, or Divifion] where the General Quar-

* ter Seftions of the Peace have heretofore or ufually been held, and there hold a Court of General Seftions for the Purpofe of carrying effedually into Execution the Powers given to them by the faid Ad, in purfuance of Notice to be given by the Clerk of the Peace, with the Confent of Two Juftices of the Peace, in any Newfpaper ufually circulated in the faid County of Five Days at the leaft before tbe Day appointed for holding such Court: Notice is hereby given, That I  Clerk

of the Peace for the County, [Riding, or Divifion] of " by virtue of the Powers and in purfuance of the Diredion contained in that Ad, have appointed, and do hereby appoint, with the Aflent of A. B. and C. D Two of the Juftices of the Peace of the faid County [Riding, or Divifion] a General Seftions, to be holden the  Day  of  next  enluing,

at the  of  in  the  faid  County  [Riding,

or Divifion] at the  Hall  there  fttuate,  at  the  Hour

of  in  the Forenoon of the fame Day, for the Purpofe

of carrying the faid Ad into Execution; and that I have, in purfuance thereof, ciireded this Notice to be publifhed in the Newfpaper> called The  ufually  circulated  in  this

County [Riding, or Divifion] on the  Day  of

e 2  next

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii ill. c. 4. [1796.

next enfuing, being Meeting.

Days before the faid Time of

Clerk of the Peace for the County of

No. 2.

FORM of Appointment of Number of Men to be raifed in the feveral Dif riffs.

To be annexed to the Order to High Conftable.

AT the General Seflions of the Peace, held by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here fet forth the Title of the Aft] on the Day of  at

We, the Juftices of the Peace in and for the County of afiembled at the above Seflions of the Peace, do hereby appoint the Number of Men to ferve for the Hundred of  [or  City,  Town,  Rape,

Lath, Wapentake, or Diftritft], and alfo for each Parifh, Tything, or Place, feparately fupporting its own Poor, or ex-traparochial Place, within the laid Hundred, [or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or Diftrid], within the County of as follows *, videlicet,

Name of Hundred [or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wa pentake, or Diftridt]  Names of Parifhes [or Ty things or Places.  Numberof Men for each Parifh [Tyth ing or Place. ]

Hundred of [or City, Town, Rape, Lath, Wapentake* or Diftridf, as the Cafe may he.]  Parifh of [Tything or Place]  Parifh of  Parifh of Parifh of B. 1 Tything of B. f|f§<  - C. J is sa  0 0 0 0  0 0

And who are refpedtively to be raifed on or before the

Day of  now  next enfuing. Dated

this  Day  of

No. 3.

FORA! of Orders of the Ge?ieral Scffions to the Chief Gonfiables> &c.

To A. B. Chief Conftable of

or

To A. B. and C.. D. Conftables of , [or whatever their Defcription may be]

*  or

To A. B.  Conftables  of  the

Parifhes of  [where  more  than  one

*are united.]

' WE,

J796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4*

WE, A. B. C. D. &V. Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid County, aflembled at a General Selfions, held by virtue of, and for the Purpofe of carrying into Execution, an A <51, intituled, [Here fet forth the Title of the Aft^^ Do hereby require you to give Notice to the Overfeers of the Poor of the Pariih of

[or Tything of  or  Name

of Place, as it may he\ of the Number of Men appointed by us to be levied for the leveral Parifhes, Tythings, or Places, within your Diftricft, and of the Time of raifing the fame, according to the Lift hereunto annexed ; and you are hereby required to make a Return to the Juftices of the Peace in and for your Diftricft, at the Firft Petty Selfions to be holden for the faid Diftridt, by

next following, being the Day appointed for making Returns of all Matters and Things done by you, according to the Directions therein contained. Signed for and by order of the faid Juftices, and according to the Directions of the faid Act.

a -n 5 Clerk of the Peace d for the faid County.

No. 4.

FORM of the Notice to Churchwardens. To the Overfeers of the Parifh of

NOTICE is hereby given to you, That the Juftices of the Peace in and for the faid County, at a General Selfions affembled under and by virtue of an Act, intituled, [Here fet forth the Title of the Aft 1, by their Order, bearing Date the  Day  of

have appointed One Man, [or Men] to be levied and raifed for the Parifh pf [or ifTivo or more Parifhes, Tythings, or Places, are added together, name the Parifhes, Tythings, or Places] and you are hereby required, immediately after the receiving this Notice, to call together the principal Inhabitants of the faid  at  a

Veftry to he held within the faid  [if  more

Parifhes, OV. than one, here infert the Parifh, &c. firf named in the Order of Appointment) to take into Confideration the moft fpeedy and effectual Means of raifing the laid Man [or Men) appointed to be raifed for the faid  in purfuance of the faid Act,

of which Meeting you are to give Two Days publick Notice in Writing, by affixing the fame on the Church or Chapel Door of your Pariih or Place (or, if more than one) Church or Chapel Doors of your refpeeftive Parifhes or Places, or if there is no Church or Chapel in your Parifh [or Place) then on the neareft Church or Chapel Door, according to the Form annexed : And you are hereby required to take Notice, that such Man [or Men]

virtue of the laid acf, on the

Day of

of the feveral Parilhes, Tythings, or Places, of in the faid County, and to each and every of them.

or



Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 4. [1796/

is [or are] to be raifed on or before the  Day  of

next enfuing, being Twenty-one Days after the Date of the faid Order; and that as foon as you have agreed with any Perfon to ferve, you are to produce every such Perfon before the proper Officer appointed to regulate the admiffion of Men into the Army [or, Navy, as tbs Cafe may be] for your Pariih, and if he fhall approve of him, you are then to caufe him to be brought before Two or more Juftices of the Peace of this County, to be examined 5 and in cafe the Regulating Officer (hall rejedl any Perfon raifed by you, and you fhall think yourfelf aggrieved thereby, you are to give to him immediate Notice of your Intention to appeal to the Juftices at the next Petty Seffions to be held in your Diftridf; and you are to make a Return of all Matters and Things done by you and the Inhabitants aforesaid, or any of you or them, in purfuance of the faid Adi, and according to the Directions herein contained, to the Juftices of the Peace adding in and for the Diftridt of at a Petty Seffions to be holden at on the  Day  of  next enfuing. Dated

this  Day  of  in the Year of our

Lord

A. B. Chief Conftable of No. 5.

FORM of Notice to the Principal Inhabitants of any Pprijb or Place, or Parifhes or Places united together.

To the principal Inhabitants of

NOTICE is hereby given, that you are required to meet on next enluing, at a Veftry (or Meeting) at to take into Confederation the moft fpeedy and effectual Means of raifingOne Man (or  Men)  appointed  at

a General Seffions of the Peace holden on the to be raifed by you for the Service of the Army [or, Navy, as jhe Cafe may be], in purfuance of an Acf, intituled, [Here ft forth the Title of the Adi], and fo that such Man (or Men) be raifed, approved of, and enrolled in His Majesty’s Service, on or before the  Day of  now  next  enfuing,

being the Time appointed for railing such Man (or Men),

C* D } Gverfeers.

No. 6.

FORM of Order for fixing the Time of Appeals.

To the Overfeers of the feveral Parifhes, Tythings, and Places, within the  of  in  the

County (Riding, or Divifion) of  and  to

each and every of them,

M—

55

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 4.

M------1 AT the Firft Petty Seflions held by virtue of an Ac!,

3 intituled, [Here fet forth the ‘Title of the Aft~\ for the pur-pofe of receiving the Returns of the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifhes, Tythings, and Places refpedlively, within this Hundred, [or Rape, Lath, or Wapentake, as the Cafe way be\ touching the Execution of the Orders given them under the above Ad!, it is ordered by the Juflices of the Peace, adting in and for the Paid Diflrid!, attending the faid Petty Seflions, that all Appeals of Parifhes, Tythings, or Places, 'within the faid Diflridi, charged to raife Men, under the above Ac!, againft the Proceedings of Regulating Officers appointed under that Ad!, who fhall rejed! any Man or Men raifed by the faid refpedfive Parifhes, Tythings, or Places, whereby such Overfeers fhall be aggrieved, fhall and may be heard and determined on the  Day of

next ep.fuing, and on  following,  until  such

Appeals fhall be determined at  before such Juflices

as fhall then and there meet to hear and determine such Appeals. Given under our Hands and Seals, the  Day  of

in the Year of our Lprd

- No. 7.

FORM of Order of Juflices upon a Difference or Difagreement between Tivo Parijhes or Places.

M -------7  WHEREAS  Complaint  hath  been  made  to  us,  A. B,

Diftridt of J C. D. Juflices of Peace, in and for the faid County of

M.  ad!ing in and for this Diflridi, and a fie in bled at a Petty Seflions this  Day  of  in  the  Year  of

our Lord  that  (here fct out the Complaint) we

do hereby order that (here fet out the Order) and that this Order fhall be final and conclufive upon all Parties. Given under our Hands and Seals, this  Day  of  in  the  Year

of our Lord

No. 8.

'tn

a>

No. 8.

o

o

G§

FT

FO

RM of the Jufiices Certificate, One Duplicate whereof to he .left with the Clerk of the Peace.

For the County of

M------7 WE A.B. and C. D. Efquires, Two of the Juftices of

J the Peace in and for this County, do hereby certify, that E. E. hath voluntarily entered himfelf in the Service of His Ma* jelly’s Army or Navy, [as the Cafe may be] for the Parilh [or Parifhes, as the Cafe may be], of  and  that  his  Defcription

is as under-written :

Number of the Certificate.  Name.  Place of Birth or lawful Settlement  Age. *  Calling.

  E. F.  1  Parilh of  o o  - _ -

And we do further certify, that the Sum of  Pounds,

hath been agreed to be paid as a Bounty to the laid E. F. on his entering into iuch Service; [and if any Sum is to be paid to him on Enrobnent, add as follows] And we do hereby diretft, that the Sum of  Pounds, Part thereof, fball be paid to the faid

E. F. [or to  the  Wife,  Child, or Children, or

Father, or Mother of the faid E. F. at his Requeft], at the Time of his Enrolment: And we do further certify, that we have ordered the Overfeers of the faid Parifh of  to pay into the

Hands of L. M. the Trealurer of the faid County of within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Date hereof, the ^ Sum of  Pounds, being the Relidue of the faid Bounty,

? to be applied as the A61 in such Cafe dire<5ts. Given under our *> Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 8.  >

FORM of the Juftices Certificate, One Duplicate whereof to be 3 delivered with the Party.  o

For the County of  S

C/Q

7 WE A9 B. and C D. Efquires, Two of the Juftices of b the Peace in and for this County, do hereby certify, that ff E. F. hath voluntarily entered himfelf in the Service of His Ma- HL jelly’s Army or Navy, [as the Cafe may be], for the Parilh [or ^ ■ *n  '  ^  n  and that his Defcription

Parifhes, as the Cafe may be], of is as under-written :

Number of the Certificate.  Name.  Place of Birth or lawful Settlement.  Age.  Calling.

  E. F.  Parilh of  o o  •

Pounds,

3

o

3

o

O

w

o

And we do’further certify, that the Sum of hath been agreed to be paid as a Bounty to the faid E. F. on his F* entering into such Service; [and if any Sum is to be paid to him on 2 Enrolment, add as follows] And we do hereby direct, that the « Sum of  Pounds, Part thereof, {hall be paid to the faid ^

E F. [or to  the  Wife,  Child,  or Children, or «

Father, or Mother, of the faid E. F. at his Requeft], at the Time ^ of his Enrolment: And we do further certify, that we have or- • dered the Overfeers,of the faid Parilh of  to pay into the 4*

Hands of L. M. the Treafurer of the faid County of within the Space of Fourteen Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of  Pounds, being the Refidue of the faid Bounty,

to be applied as the A<5t in such Cafe directs. Given under our v^> Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord F*

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.

No. 9.

FORM of Notice by Overfeers to the Regulating Officers, of Appeals.

To A. B, Regulating Officer [or, to A, B. C. D. and E. F. Regulating Officers] at  under an

Aft, intituled* [ Here fet forth the Title of the Adi,]

WHEREAS you, as such Regulating Officer, have rejected A. B. produced before you as a Volunteer to ferve in'His Ma-jefty’s Army, [or Navy, as the Cafe may be], as unfit to ferve His Majeftv,and we J. W1 and T. B. Overfeers of the Parifh of [or Name of Place], for which Parifh [or Place] the faid A* B. was tendered to ferve, think'ourfelves aggrieved by such Determination 5 Notice is therefore hereby given to you, that it is our Intention to appeal againft such Determination to the Juftices of the Peace, afting in and for this Diftrift, to be 2fiembled at the next Petty Seffions to be holden by virtue of this Aft. Given under our Hands this  Day  of

No. 10.

FORM of Return of Overfeers to the fuflices of their Dijlridl, at their Petty Seffiions, of Perfons enrolled.

Return of Perfons enrolled as Volunteers to ferve in His Majesty’s Army, [or Navy, as the Cafe may be], for the Parifh of  under  an  Aft,  intituled,

[Here fet forth the Title of the Adi,]

Names  Parifhes or Places for which they ferve.  Parifhes or Places Birth or Settlement.  Calling.  Age.  Sums agreed to be paid as Bounty.

A. B.  Parifh of  Parifli of  Yeoman  17  

G.D.  Town        

^C D ^Overfeers.

No. 11.

FORM of Summons of Overfeers aiding for Places that have made

Default.

M------  7  To  A,  B,  and  C,  D.  Overfeers  of the

Diftrift of j Parifh of

WHEREAS the Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raifed by the Parifh of  [or,  if more

than One, the Panflies of  or  Name of Place or Places]

has not been made within the Time limited to you for fo doing * this is therefore to require you to appear before the Juftices of

Anno regni tricefimo f^ptlmo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

the Peace in and for the laid County, and acting in and for this Diftrici, to be aflembled at a Petty Seftions to be holden on the Day of  at  to  anfwer  for your

Default therein, and to be dealt with according to Law. Hereof fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals, this  Day  of

No. 12.

FORM of Summons of Inhabitants, &c.

To A, B. and C. D. Inhabitants of WHEREAS we A. and B> Juftices of the Peace adling for the Diftridl of  in  the  County of  have fum-

moned before us T. TV. and Z. X. the Overfeers of the Parifh of to anfwer for the Default in not having raifed the Proportion of Men to be raifed by the faid Parifh of  in

Obedience to the Order of General Seftions, and in purfuance of an A6f, intituled, [Here fet forth the Fiile of the Alt J and on due examination of the Premifes it having appeared to us that i'uch Default hath not happened by reafon of any wilful Negledt of, or Difobedience to the faid Order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable, but that the fame hath arifen through the wilful Negledf of  Inhabitants  of  the  faid

Parifh of  Thefe  are  therefore  to  require  you

to be and appear before the Juftices of the Peace adting in and for the faid Diftridt, on  at  to  fhew  Caufe

why the Fine directed to be impofed on you in such Cafe fhould not be adjudged to be levied, according to the Directions of the faid A£t. Dated this  Day  of

No. 13.

FOR M of the Order of Fine.

M——-1 WHEREAS T\ IK and Z. X the Overfeers of the to wit. j Parifh of  [or  Parishes of  or  Places]

have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be raifed by virtue of an Order of General Seffions, made in purfuance of an Act, intituled, [Here fet forth the Title of the A ior the faid Parifh of  [or  Parifhes,  &c.]%  within

the Time limited to them for doing the fame: And whereas the faid Overfeers have been fummoned to appear before the faid Juftices of the Peace, acting in and for the Diftridt of and have refufed fo to do, [or, appearing before them' at the Petty Seftions held on  at  and  being  examined

by them as to the Caufe of such Default] and it having not been made to appear by such Overfeers to the Satisfaction of the Juftices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reafon of any wilful NegledV of, or Difobedience to, the Order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable. We do heieby, on due Confederation of the Premifes, adjudge the faid T. IV. and Z. X\ the faid Overfeers, to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do fine the faid T. IV. and Z„ X, in the Sum of Ten Pounds

over

59

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4.

over and above the Sam of £.  which we the faid Juf-

tices have afcertained, as nearly as may be, to be the Amount which hath been given on an Average as" a Bounty to Men enrolled by virtue of the faid Act, within the Diftricft of and by virtue of the Powers veiled in us by that A6F, do order that the fame be forthwith paid by them into the Hands of the Treafurer of the faid County of M for the Ufes and Purpofcs of that Ad. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of  in the Year of our Lord

No. 14.

FOR M of Warrant of Di/lrefs for Fine.

^ J  To  the  conftable  of

to wit. j  (

WHEREAS T W. and Z. X. the Overfeers of the parifli of [or Parifhes of  or Places] have not made Returns 0

of the whole Number of Men appointed to be railed by virtue of an Order of General Seifions made in purfuance of an Ack, intituled, [Here fet forth the Title of the aItl] for the faid Parifh of [or Parifhes, &c.] within the Time limited to them for doing the fame: And whereas the faid Overfeers have been fum-moned to appear before the faid Juftices of tlie Peace adting in and for the Diftricft of  and  have  refufed  fo  to  do, [or

appearing before them at the Petty Seifions held on at  and  being examined by them as to the caufe of

Inch Default] and it having not been made to appear by such Overfeers, to the Satisfaction of the Juftices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by reai’o'n of any wilful Neglect of, or Difobedience to the Order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable: And whereas, by virtue of the Powers veiled in us by the faid Act,we did adjudge the faid T. W. and Z. X. to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and accordingly did line the faid T W. and Z. X. as such Overfeers of the laid Parifh, in the fum of  for  such  their  Default,  which  fum hath

not forthwith been paid ; thefe are therefore to command you to levy the faid fum of £.  by  Diftrefs  of the Goods and Chat-

tels of the faid T. W. and Z. X \ and if within the Space of

next after such Diftrefs by you taken, the laid Sum of £.  ...  together with the realonable charges of taking

and keeping the faid Diftrefs, fhall not be paid, that then you do fell the faid Goods and Chattels fo by you diftrained, and out of the Money arifing by such Sale, that you do pay the faid Sum of £.  into  the Hands of the Treafurer of the faid County

of  for  the  Ufes and Purpofes of that A<ft, rendering the

Overpltis(if any) on Demand, unto them the faid T. W. and Z. X. the reafonable Charges of keeping and felling the faid Diftrefs being firft deduced ; and if fuffieient Diftrefs cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the faid T, W. and Z. X, whereon to levy the faid Sum of  that  then  you  certify  the  fame to

us, together with the Return of this Precept. Herein fail not. Given under our Hands and Seals the  Day  of

io tbe Year of our Lord

No. 15. 

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4. [1796.

No. 15.

FORM of Order of levying Rate on Inhabitant or Inhabitants.

To the Overfeers of the Parifh of

M------7 WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X. the Overfeers of the

i  Parifh of  [or  Parifhes of  or  Places]

have not made Returns of the whole Number of Men appointed to be railed by virtue of an Order of General Seflions, made in purfuance of an A£I, intituled, [Here fet forth the Title of the for the faid Parifh of  [Vr, Parifhes, &c.] within the

T ime limited to them for doing the fame: And whereas the faid Overfeers have been fummoned to appear before the faid Juftices of the Peace acting in and for the Diftri£t of  and  that

on their appearing before them at the Petty SefHons held at  and  being examined by them, as to the Caufe of such

Default; and it having not been made to appear by such Overfeers, to the Satisfaction, of the Juftices aforesaid, that such Default hath not happened by realon of any wilful Neglect of, or Difobedience to the Order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable : And whereas it hath been made appear to our Satisfaction, that the fame hath arifen through the wilful Default of I. M. an Inhabitant of the faid Parifh of  [or^-if  more than One,

I.  M. O. P. &c. Inhabitants,  : We do therefore ad-

judge the faid I. M. &c. to be guilty of having wilfully made such Default, and do fine the faid I. M. &c. in the Sum of Ten Pounds, [Cifc.j as in Form No 13.

No. 16,

FOR M of Order of fufices to the Treafurer of the County•

To  the  Treafurer of the County of M.

M------7 WE, A. B. and C. D. Two of His Majesty’s Juftices

I  of the Peace acting in and for the Djftridf of  in

this County, clo hereby order you to transfer in your Account to the Ufe of E. F. (enrolled as a Subftituteto ferve for the Parifh of  [<?r,  Parilhes, &c. of  ]  in  His  Majesty’s

Navy, the Sum of £.  out  of the Money in your Hands

arifing from the Fine impofed upon the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh of  [ory  Inhabitants, as the Cafe may be]

or for their Default in not railing a Volunteer for the faid Parifh of  under  an A 61, intituled, [Here fet forth the

Title of the Adi]. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Pay of

No. 17.

FORM of Order or Warrant to ConjlableSy &c. to attend.

M-------7 To the Conftables of  or  Overfeers,

5 iAc. of

WE,

1796*] Annoregm tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4,

WE, A. B. C. D. and E. F. His Majesty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the county of  affembled  at the General,

[or Quarter, or Petty Seflions, as it may be] do hereby require and order you to attend the Juftices of the Peace affembled at a  Seflions of the Peace, on  the

Day of  at  to (hew Caufe to the faid Juftices

why [here fet out the Default complained of~\ or to make a Return [as the Cafe may be]. Given under our Hand and Seals, this Day of

No. 18.

FORM of Conviction for NegleCt of Duty.

M------- 7 BE it remembered, That on this  Day  of

to wit* ) in the  Year  of  His  prefent' Majesty’s Reign

A. B. of  is duly convided before us  Juftices of

the Peace, affembled at a  Seftions of the Peace held

at  in purfuance of an A£t of the  Year  of His

prefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled [Here fet forth the Title of the Act] for that he the faid A. B. on  at  did

wherefore we the faid Juftices [or  of  the faid

Juftices] do adjudge that he the faid A. B. do pay the Sum of as a Fine for his Offence, in purfuance of the Powers vefted in us by the faid Ad. Given under our Hands and Seals, this  Day of  in the Year of our Lord

No. 19.

FORM of Commitment for Fraud or wilful Partiality.

To

M-----7 RECEIVE into your Cuftody the Body of A.B.

to wit. J herewith fent you, having been adjudged guilty of [Here fate the Offence], in purfuance of an Act paffed in the Year of His prelent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, [Here fet forth the Title of the Act]* and him fafely keep in your Cuftody for the Space of  next  enfuing;  and  for  fo  doing this fhali be

your fufficient Warrant. Given under our Hands and Seals, this  Day of  in  the  Year  of  our Lord

No. 20.

An Account of Parifhes within the County of  for which

Volunteers or Subftitu-es were raifed for the Service of His Majesty, together with the other Particulars relating thereto ; as required by an Ad, intituled [Here fet forth the Title of the ACt.]

Names

Anno regni trfcefimo (eprimo Georgii 111. c. 4. £1796.

Names of Volunteers 01 Subltituecs.  / Volunteer -j or I SubiliLute.  Pari the a for which they ferve.  ’ Full Bounty.  Paid at Inrolment.  Paid fince. 1    Relidue  unpaid.

          Sum. »    

1  1    £. s. d.  £. 5. d.  £. s. d\  to whom. 1  £. s. d.

No. 21.

An Account of the Parifhes within the County of  fined

for Default of not railing Men for the Service of His Majesty, and the feveral other Particulars relating thereto ; as required by an A£i, intituled, [Herefet forth the Title of the  j

Path lies fined.  f Amount of Fi nes;  Transferred to Account of Subftitutes.    , Paid for Rewards.  Refidue.

    Names of Sublinutes.  Sum.    

1  F- s. d.    I. d.  1. s. d.  £- s. d.

No. 22.

FORM of Order of Jufices for Paymetit of Bounty to the

of the County.

To the Overfeers of the Poor of the

WE, d. B and C. D. Two of His Majesty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County of having examined E. F. who hath voluntarily entered himfelf to ferve in the Army [or, Navy, as the Cafe ?nay he], for the Parilh or Parifhes of  to whom

a Bounty of  Pounds hath been agreed to be given, of

which  Pounds  hath been paid to the Paid E. F. do

hereby order you, L. M. and N. 0. Overfeers of the Poor of the Paid  to  pay  into  the Hands of S. of  Treafurer

-of the faid County of  Pounds,  being  the Refidue

of the faid Bounty, within Fourteen Days from the Date of this our Order. Hereof fail not at your Peril. Given under our Hands the  Day  ip the Year of our Lord.

B.

C.D.

No. 2,





No. q.3*

FORM of BILL for the Payment of the Remainder of Bounty,

Day of  179

SIR,

PAY to of on producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of being on Account of the Bounty of  a Volunteer for the

County of belonging to His M;qefty’s Ship if it lliall be demanded before you have paid over the fame to the Receiver General, otherwile you are to return this Bill to the Commiffioners of the Navy, at their Office in London.

To the Treafurer of the County of

£-

So

d.

|Commiffioner of the Navy,

| Clerk to the Treafurer of the Navy.

By virtue of the A£t of the> Thirty of George the Third, Chap.

N, B. The perfonating or falfely afluming the Name and Cha-ra&er of any Perlbn entitled to receive the Wages of any inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commiflioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Thirty-fecond of George the Third, Chap. 34.

The Officer to whom the above Bill is addrefied, is directed by Adt 3% George HI. Chap. 34. to examine the Duplicate thereof q when prefented, and enquire into the Truth by the Oath of the Perfon preferring the fame; and being fatisfied, he is to teftify ^ to that Purpofe upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount ^ without Fee or Reward.

0*

FT

No.

FORM of BILL for the Payment of the Remainder of Bounty, Day of  179

SIR,  £. dt

PAY to of on producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof, the Sum of being on Account of the Bounty of  a Volunteer for the

bounty of belonging to his- Majesty YShip if it fhall be demanded before you have paid over the fame to the Receiver General, otherwife you are to return this Bill to the Commiffioners of the Navy, at their Office in London.

To the Treafurer of the County of

JCommiffioner of the Navy | Clerk to the Treafurer of the Navy,

VJ

VO

ON

>

o

S3

o

n>

crq

2

o

CD

3

o

- By virtue of the Aft of the Thirty of George the Third, ^ Chap.

N. B. The perfonating or falfely affuming the Name and Cha- CT. ra6ter of any Perfon entitled to receive the Wages of any 3 inferior Officer or Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of 0 Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the Q) fame, in order to receive Wages due to such Officer or w Seaman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Ma- O rine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the q Thirty-fecond of George the Third, Chap 34,  t-i

The Officer to whom the above Bill is addrefled, is direfted by •—» Aft 33 George III. Chap. 34. to examine the Duplicate thereof ElJ when prefented, and enquire into the Truth by the Oath of the * Perfon prefenting the fame; and being fatisfied, he is to teftif y P to that Purpofe upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount .£» without F,ee or Reward,

Os

64

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. "[1796,

CAP. V.

An aft for raifing a certain number of men in the feveral countiesi Jlewartrres, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of his Majejlfs army and navy.—[November 11, 1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the publick fervice that the mof effectual means Jhoidd be adopted for providing a fpeedy fupply of men to ferve in his Majejlfs army or navy: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there fhall be levied within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the feveral counties or ftewartries, and royal burghs and towns, and other places herein-after mentioned, such able-bodied men to ferve his Majesty as aforesaid, at such times and in such manner as herein-after is diredfed, and that the number of men to be levied by virtue of this adt fhall be as follows; (that is to fay),

For the county of Aberdeen, one hundred and fifty-four.

For the city of Aberdeen, including the parifh of Old Machar^ thirty-two.

For the burgh of Kintore, one.

For the burgh of Inverury, one.

For the town of Peterhead, four.

For the town of Frazerjburgh, two.

For the town of Old Mildrum, one.

For the town of Huntley, one.

For the county of Ayr, eighty-one.

For the burgh of Ayr, five.

For the burgh of Irvine, two.

For the town of Kilmarnock, nine.

For the town of Beith, one.

For the town of Steuarton, one.

For the county of Argyll, eighty-leven.

For the burgh of Inver ary, three.

For the burgh of Ca?7ipbellton, fix.

For the county of Bute, nine.

For the burgh of Kothfoy, three.

For the county of Berivick, thirty-three.

For the burgh of Lawder, two.

For the town of 'Eyemouth, one.

For the town of Ayton, one.

For the town of Dunfe, two.

For the town of Greenlaw, one.

For the county of Banff, fifty-three.

For the burgh of Banff, three.

For the burgh of Cullen, one.

Preamble.

Men to be levied in the following proportions.

For

1796.] Anno regni trlcefinlo feptimo Georgii III, c. 5.

For the town of Macduff‘s one.

For the towns of Old and New Keith, two.

For the town of Fochabers, one.

For the town of Portfoy, one.

For the county of Caithnefs, twenty-four.-For the burgh of Wick, three.

For the town of Thurfo, eight*

For the county of Cromarty, eight.

For the town of Cromarty, two.

For the county of Clackmannan, five.

For the toWn of Clackmannan, two.

For the town of Alloa, eight.

For the county of Dumfries, forty-three*

For the burgh of Annan, two.

For the burgh of Dumfries, feven.

For the burgh of Lochmaben, one.

For the burgh of Sanquhar, two.

For the town of Moffat, one.

For the county of Dumbarton, twenty-one.

For the burgh of Dumbarton, four.

For the town of Kirkintilloch, one.

For the county of Edinburgh, eighty*

For the city of Edinburgh, including the liberties of Canongate, Pleafance, South and North Leith, and Coalhill, eighty.

For the town of Dalkeith, five.

For the towns of Muffelburgh, Fijherow, Inverefk, and New* bigging, feven.

For the county of Elgin, thirty-feven.

For the burgh of Elgin, four.

For the burgh of Forres, three.

For the county of Fife, ninety-two For the burgh of Cupar, five.

For the burgh of Dumfermline, Limekilns, and Torryburn, eight. For the burghs of Inverkeithing, Northferry, and Aberdour, two. For the burgh of Bruntifandtwo.

For the burgh of Kinghorn, three.

For the burgh of Kirkcaldy including the Link, five.

For the burgh of Dyfart and Pathead, three.

For the burgh of Anflruther Eafer, two.

For the burgh of Anfruther Wefer, one.

For the burgh of Craill, three.

For the burgh of Kilrenny and Sillerdike, one.

For the burgh of Pittenween, two.

For the burgh of Saint Andrew s five.

For the towns of Leven, Largo, Ely, Kennoway, Methel,, Buck-haven, Eafter and Wefter Wemyfs, two For the towns of Lejly, Ceres, Auchtermuchty, Falkland, and Strathmiglo, one.

For the town of Neivbury, one.

For the county of Forfar, feventy.

For the burgh of Brechin, four.

Vol. XU*  F  For



66

Anno regni mcefimo feptinioGEORdi 111, c. 5. [*796.

For the burgh of Dundee, thirty-three*

For the burgh of Forfar, four.

For the burgh of Alontrofe, five.

For the burgh of Arbroath, four.

For the town of Kirrymuir, two.

For the town of Cupar of Angus, two.

For the county of Haddington, thirty-eight.

For the burgh of Haddington, five.

For the burgh of Dunbar, four.

For the burgh of North Berwick, two.

For the town of Prejion Pans, one.

For the county of Invernefs, feventy-two For the burgh of Invernefs, fourteen.

For the county of Kinrofs, fix.

For the town of Kinrofs, two. %

For the county of Kincardine, thirty-three.

For the burgh of Inverbervie, one.

For the ftewartry of Kircudbright, twenty-eight.

For the burgh of Kircudbright, three.

For the burgh of 2Vm; Galloivay, one.

For the town of Caftle Douglas, one.

For the town of Gatehoufe, one.

For the town of Creiton, one.

For the county of Lanerk, feventy-one.

For the city of Glafgow, Gorbals, Anderfon, and Calton, feventy-one.

For the town of Hamilton, three.

For the burgh of Lanerk, two.

For the burgh of Ruglen, one.

For the town of Strathaven, one For the town of Airdrie, one.

For the county of Linlithgow, feventeen.  ~

For the burgh of Linlithgow,.five.

For the burgh of Queensferry, two.

For the town of Borrowjlownefs, four.

For the county o{Nairne, feven.

For the burgh of Nairne, two.

For Orkney, thirty-eight.

For the burgh of Kirkwall, four.

For Zetland, nineteen.

For the town of Lerwich, twO.

For the town of Stromnefs, two.

For the county of Peebles, twelve.

For the burgh of Peebles, three.

For the county of Perth, one hundred and fixty-fevcn.

For the burgh of Perth, twenty-four.

For-the burgh of Culrofs, one.

For the town of Dunkeld, two.

For the town of Crieff, four.

For the town of Dumblane, two.

For the town of Aucbterardery two.

For

6;

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii If I. c. 5,

For the town of Jlytb^ one.

For the county of Renfrew, twenty-fix.

For the burgh oi Renfreiv, one.

For the town of Paifley, and the villages of Newtoun, TVilliamf-burgh, Smithills, Carriagehilh, Maxweliown,  MilUrJloun,

eighteen.

For the town of port Glafgow, two

For the town of Greenock and Corf dike ^ fixteen For the county of forty-nine.

For the burgh of Ta/h, two.

For the burgh of Dingwall, two.

For the burgh of Fortrofe, two.

For the town of Stornoway one.

For the county of Roxburgh, forty-five.

For the town of Kelfo, three.

For the burgftof Jedburgh, five.

For the town of Hawick, three.

For the town of Melrofe, two.

For the county of Selkirk, two.

For the burgh of Selkirk, three.

For the town of Gallowfhields, one.

For the county of Stirling, forty-eight.

For the burgh of Stirling, feven.

For the town of Falkirk, four.

For the town of Kilfyth, one.

For the county of Sutherland., thirty-one.

For the burgh of Dornock, three.

/ For the county of Wigtoun, eighteen.

For the burgh of Wigtoun, one.

For the burgh of Whit eh or n, one.

For the town of Newton, two.

For the burgh of Stranrear, two.

IF And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be law- His Majesty ful for his Majesty to conftitute and appoint fo many officers to r^o^re regulate the admiffion of men to be levied under the autho- g^^the rity of this adf, for his Majesty’s fervice, as his Majesty fhall admiffion of deem neceflary, who being fo refpedtively appointed, fhall efta- men. blifh within their refpedfive diftricis a convenient place or places of rendezvous in each such aiftridl, for the reception of such men ; and every such man, fo to be levied, fhall, before his enrolment, be examined by one fhch regulating officer at the ieaft, as to his ability to ferve his Majesty; and every such officer fhall have the full power of approving or of rejecting any man tendered to ferve his Majesty, fubjedt neverthelefs to such con-troul and fuperintendance as by this aft is particularly directed.

III. And be it further enadted, That the clerks of the peace Clerks of the of the faid feveral counties and ftewartries in Scotland (excepting peace to fum-the counties of Invernefs^ Rofsj Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithnefs,  ^ of  The

and the ftewartry of Orkney, and Zetland) fhall, within thirty juilices^ days after the paffing of this adt, and the clerks of the peace of the faid counties of Invernefs, Rofsy Cromarty, Sutherland, and

F 2  Caithnefs^  .

 CjOO^ 1C

63

who fhall af-certain the rent of pa-rilhes, and apportion the number of men to be raifed for each county.

The juftices clerk to tranfmit to minifters an intimation to be read from the pulpit, requiring heritors to meet for procuring men, &c.

Heritors to pay 251. for each man deficient of quota;

and if not paid, the juf-tices to a fiefs the parifhes for deficiencies.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1796

Caithnefs, and of the faid ftewartry of Orkney and Zetland, fhall, within firty days after the pafiing of this adf, or fooner if it can be done, caufe an advertifement to be published in fome one newfpaper published, or ufually circulated within the county, fummoning the juftices of the peace of the faid different counties and ftewartries to meet in .general feftion upon a day to be mentioned in such advertifement, and at the ufual place where the juftices of each county feverally are accuftomed to meet; and the juftices, when affembled at such meeting, (hall proceed to diftinguifti and afcertain the valued rent of the different parifties within the county or ftewartry, and apportion the number of men to be raifed for each county or ftewartry upon the feveral parifties, according to the proportion which the valuation of such parifti bears to the total valuation of the county; and the faid juftices fhall have power to adjourn till the duty incumbent on them by this a£t is fully difcharged, fo as such adjournment ftiail only be from day to day, Sundays excepted.

IYr. And be it further ena&ed, That immediately after making such apportionment in each (hire or ftewartry, the juftices of the peace in and for the fame (hall caufe their clerk to tranfmit to the minifters of the feveral parifties within the (hire or ftewartry, other than parifties comprehended within the royal burghs and towns herein-before mentioned, an intimation to be read from the pulpit the firft day of divine fervice after receiving the fame, requiring the heritors of the parifti to meet, by them-felves or agents, within ten days from the time of the intimation being fo made at the parifti church or manfe of the faid parifti ; and the heritors, or their faid agents, fhall meet accordingly, and at such meeting ftiail diredt such meafures to be taken as to them fhall feem moft expedient to procure the number of men apportioned on the parifti, by the payment of bounty money, and to have the men procured delivered over to the regulating officer appointed to pafs and receive them, within fifteen days after the meeting; and in cafe the faid number of days fhall elapfe v/ithout the quota of men apportioned upon the parifti being produced, delivered over, and paffed, then the heritors of such parifh (hall be liable, in the firft inftance, to pay unto the collector of the cefs for the county or ftewartry within which the parifti is fituated, a fum of money equal to twenty-five pounds fterling for each man of the quota required from the parifti deficient, luch deficiency being certified under the hand of the regulating officer of the diftrict, and copies of his certificate delivered to the minifter of the parifti, and to the clerk of the peace for the ftlire or ftewartry in which the parifh is fituated; and in cafe the faid heritors fhall fail to make such payment within the time above-mentioned, then the juftices of the peace of the county or ftewartry fhail immediately aflefs the parifti in the fum due for its deficiency at the rate aforesaid, according to the valued rent of the parifh, afcertained by them in manner aforesaid, and fhall order the colledlor of the land tax for such county or ftewartry,

and

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 5.  69

and he is hereby authorifed and required, without lofs of time, to recover the lame from the heritors of l'uch parifh, in the fame manner, and by the lame means, as he is empowered by law to recover and render the land tax effedtual.

V.  And be it enacfted, That the bounty monies to men pro- Bounties to cured by the heritors of the feveral parifhes, (hall in the firft place, Mentors ^vho be provided and paid by the faid heritors, and an account kept mayraifethe thereof, and at the elapfe of the time before-mentioned, when amount on the fum of twenty-five pounds for each man then deficient is ap- tile parifhes, pointed to be recovered and paid as aforesaid, in order to defray

the expence of the bounties to be given to the faid men, it (hall be lawful to the heritors in the faid parifhes, or such of them as have advanced the bounty monies, or to any perfon authorifed by them, to raife a fum equal to the whole of the money fo advanced and paid by them upon the parifh agreeably to the acfl of the parliament of Scotland, which was palled in the reign of Charles the Second, in the year one thousand fix hundred and fixty-three, chapter fixteen, and the proclamations of the privy council of Scotland in the reign of King William, ratified by an a61 of the parliament of Scotland, which was pafTed in the fame ! reign, firft September one thousand fix hundred and ninety-eight, chapter twenty-firft.

VI.  And be it enadled. That in the cafe aforefaid of the number Heritors pay-of men allotted to any parifh not being raifed, and delivered over ^nt men may as above directed, within the time before limited, and the fum of affefs inhabi-twenty-five pounds for each deficient man being raifed from the tants in a heritors as before directed, then the heritors paying (hall be, and moiety of the they are hereby authorifed to afiefs the tenants, inhabitants, and lum* pofTeff'ors, of such parifh, in a moiety of the fum fo paid, to be

levied in the fame manner as they are empowered to do by the aforefaid adts of the parliament o^Scotland.

VII.  And be it enabled, That in cafe any perfon or perfons AiTcfTmfins

(hall refute or delay to pay his, her, or their proportion of the ^.^5 fum or fums fo aifeffed or impoled, within the time appointed for  ^

payment thereof, the lame {hall, upon a complaint to the fheriff

or ftewart depute of the (hire or itewartry, or his fubliitute, by the procurator fife a] of the county or ftewartry, be recovered and rendered effectual by d iff refs and fale of the effects of the perlon or perfons refuting or delaying fo to pay.

VIII.  And be it enaCtcd, That in all cafes where there Where there is not lufficient evidence of the valued rent of lands, the appor- ^the tionments and affeflments hereby directed illal 1 be made according rtnt 0f

to the cuttomary payment of the cels or land tax, or in luch other lands, afltffi

way as to the juftices of the peace of each /hire or itewartry, al- merits to be

fembled as aforesaid, (hall item belt; and in calc there be no

ading jufiice of the peace within any diffiicf, the duty and pow- j.n^

ers by this a6I made incumbent on or given to the juftices, fhall and where no

be performed and exercifed by the fheriff'.depute or fubftitute for juftices ad,

fuch  diftricte  and  the  duties ot  the  clerk of the peace by the fheriff. flwiffde-

n  \  ;  l •  j  J  pute to acr,

or itewart  cleric,  or  his  deputies.  £,c>

IX.  And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the ju^I*CcS nuly

J  add together

7°

two ov more parifhes for railing men, &e.

The charge for railing men in a parifh lying in two counties to be made in that where the church is fitu ate.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. -5. [1796.

fa id j allices at their faid meetings to add together, wheneverthey fhall think it neceffary, two or more parifhes, for the railing any man or number of men in purfuance of this aft, fo as to make the charge as equal and impartial, and convenient as poffible; and the heritors of the parifhes fo added together, or their agents, fhall proceed to raife the proportion of men allotted for the fame, and to raife the money neceffary; and all the other proceedings directed by this aft fhall take place in like manner as if the parifhes fo joined did originally or by law form but one parifh; and the juftices fhall, in the cafe of such junftion, direct where the heritors of the parifhes joined fhall meet; and the faid heritors are hereby directed and required to meet at the place fo appointed accordingly, by themfelves or their agents.

X. And be it further enafted, That where any parifh lies in two or more counties or ftewartries, the charge impofed on such parifh for raifing men for his Majesty’s fervice by this aft, fhall be in the fhire or ftewartry where the church belonging to such parifh is lituated, and the whole of such parifh fhall, for the purposes of this aft, be deemed part of the faid fbire or ftewartry; and all the - money to be levied for or in refpeft of such parifh, in purluance of this aft, fhall be paid to and recovered by the officers of the fame.

Penalty on regulating officer or procurator file a 1 for neglect.

Orders of fheriffin &c. * to be final.

Magiftrates, within a limited tiiV e, r<‘ take mea-furtsfor levying m ri, and may h vy motuy to p iy bounties.

XI.  And be it enafted, That in cafe any regulating officer fhall fail to make his certificate, and to caufe copies thereof to be delivered as herein-before direfted, he fhall, for every such failure, be liable in the penalty of thirty-one pounds ten fhillings, to be recovered by fummary complaint made by the procurator fiscal of the county or ftewartry to the {heriff or flewart depute ; and in cafe the procurator fifeal fhall fail in his duty in any of the articles before-mentioned, then he fhall be liable in a penalty of thirty-one pounds ten fhillings for each failure, to be recovered by a fummary complaint to the fheriff or ftewart depute by the regulating officer, the colleftor of the land tax, or any heritor of the parifh.

XII.  And be it further enafted, That the orders or decrees of the fheriffs or fiewarts depute, and of the juftices of the peace, in any of the cafes before-mentioned, and in all proceedings held under this aft, fhall be final and concluiive as to all parties, and fhall not be removeable by bill of fufpenfion, advocation, or any other form or procefs of law, into any fuperior or other court whatfoever.

X1IL And be it further enafted, That the magiftrates of the fever a] cities, royal burghs, towns, and places, in this act mentioned, except those to the northward of Invernefs, fhall, within twenty days after the palling of this aft, and the magiftrates of the leveral cities, burghs, towns, and other places, in this act mentioned, lituated north of Inverncfs, fhall, within forty days after pa fling of the fame, or leaner ir it can be done, take such measures as dial] leem to them mofc expedient for levying the number of able bodied men, according to the proportions herein-before allotted for each of the faid cities, royal burghs, towns, and other

places;

1796.] Anno regni. tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 5.  71

places; and they (hall be, and they are hereby authorifed to levy from the heritors, burgefles, and inhabitants of such cities, burghs, towns, and other places, a fum not exceeding twenty-five pounds per man, for paying the bounties they may fee proper to give to such men as are adually levied, not exceeding the numbers allotted for such city, burgh, town, of other places, by this aft, in such manner, and by the proportions as is herein-after dire&ed^ and the men fo levied {hall be delivered over by the faid magif-trates to the regulating officer appointed to ad for that place in ^ manner aforefaid.

XIV.  And be it enaded, That in cafe the magiftrates of any If the com-

of the faid cities, royal burghs, towns, or other places, (hall not ^en^not have raifed its full complement of men accepted of by the regu- raifed within lating officer, within thirty days after they are herein-before di- a limited reded to take meafures for^that end, then the faid magiftrates time, the {hall ftent and aflefs the heritors and inhabitants in a fum equal to  he-°

twenty-five pounds for each man deficient, and (hall levy the fum ritors and info aflefled in the manner,, and according to the proportions herein- habitants For after direded; and the faid fum {hall be paid to the colledor of deficiency, the cefs for such city, burgh, or town, or where there is no colledor of the cefs for such city, burgh, or town, then to the

colledor of the cefs for the (hire or ftewartry within which such city, burgh, town, or other place is fituated, to anfwer and pay the bounty money given to men levied to fupply the deficiency, until the whole number allotted for such city, burgh, town, or place, {hall be completed.

XV.  And be it en aded, That in cafe the magiftrates of any Magiftrates of the faid cities, burghs, towns, or other places, {hall negled

or refufe to aflefs and ftent the heritors and inhabitants thereof, ments for de«

for the fums of money for which such city, burgh, town, or place, ficiencies to

may be liable in cafe of deficiency as aforesaid, or to levy, apply, ^P^l^ona^'/

and pay over the fame in manner and for the purposes aforesaid, 1 Ca

then the magiftrates of such city, burgh, town, or place, making

default, (hall be perfonally liable in a penalty equal to the fum

deficient, to be recovered by fmnmary complaint to the fherifF

depute, at the inftance of the procurator fifcal ot the fherifF court,

within the jurifdidion whereof such city, burgh, town, or place,

making default, is fituated; and the fums fo recovered (hall

be paid over and applicable in the fame way that the fums are

by this ad direded to be applied in the cafe of the magiftrates

levying the fame from the heritors and inhabitants.

XVL And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,

That the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, for the time Treafury to being, (hall caufe to be prepaied true lifts of the number of all caulelifts to the inhabited houfes within the limits of any of the cities, royal ^he^number of burghs, towns, parilhes, and places, particularly above fpecified, inhabited which are aflefled and pay to the duties on inhabited houfes, or houfes within to the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, by virtue of any ad or ads of parliament now in force, and fhall forthwith caufe the afTeffed^o the fame to be forwarded by the1 refpedive furveyors or other proper duties on officers of the faid duties, to the chief magiftrate of each of the honks, &c.

p .  faid  and tor warded

magiftrates, who ihall apportion the fums to be levied.

72 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 1IL c. 5. [1796.

to the chief faid cities, royal burghs, towns, panflies, or other places re-fpetftively ; and where there are no such magiftrate or magiftrates, to the juftices of peace, clerk of the county or ftewartry, within which such town, village, or place, is refpecftively fituated ; and the magiftrates of the faid cities, royal burghs, towns, parifhes, and other places, and the juftices of the peace of the county or ftewartry, within which such towns, villages, or places above defcribed, are refpecftively fituated, duly and regularly aflembled* {hall, as foon after the receipt of such lifts, as conveniently may be, refpedlively proceed to apportion among the inhabitants of the faid cities, royal burghs, towns, parifhes, and places, as nearly and equally as may be, the fums of money appointed to be levied by this act either for bounties to men raifed in purfuance of this act, or for fines or penalties incurred for default of raifing the proportion of men relpeiftively above fpecified ; and the faid magiftrates aflembled as aforesaid, are hereby refpe&ively autho-rifed and required to divide and apportion the faid bounties, fines, or penalties refpedtively, as near as may be, in such proportions as the number of inhabited houfes a fie fled to and paying the faid duties in each city, royal burgh, town, parifh, or place, (hall bear to each other: provided always, That where, from the in-confiderable number of inhabited houfes aflefied as aforesaid, contained in any roy^l burgh, town, village, or place, the faid lift fliall appear to the magiftrates of the faid burgh, town, village, or place, or to the juftices of the peace, as the cafe may be, within which the fame are refpecftively fituated, either totally inapplicable, or not affording an equal and impartial rule for apportioning among the inhabitants of the fame, the faid bounties, fines, or penalties, it {hall be lawful for the faid magiftrates and juftices re(pe<ftively, and they are hereby commanded and required to apportion the faid bounties, fines, or penalties, among the inhabitants of the fame, in such manner and by such rule, as to them {hall feem moft expedient, and as may render the operation of this a61, in such cafes, as equal and impartial as poflible; provided always, That it fhall be in the power of any inhabitant of such burgh, town, village, or place, conceiving himfelf aggrieved by the afleflment impofed by any magiftrate or juftice of the peace above-mentioned, to appeal from the fame to a general meeting of the juftices of the peace, of the county or ftewartry within which luch burgh, town, village, or place, is refpetftively fituated ; provided the faid appeal be entered ^within ten days after written notice has been given by the faid magiftrates or juftices, or perfon authorifed by then), of the rate or aiTcffinent propofed to be put upon such inhabitant; and the order or decree of the faid general meeting of juftices {hall be final and conclufive as to all parties, and lhali not be rcmoveable by bill of fu'penfion, advocation, or any other form or procefs of law, into any fuperior or other court whatfoever.

The iand- XVII. And be it enacted, That where parifhes are partly to ^an^v/ar<^ an^ partly within burgh, the landward part of the pa-htdeemed  whether  holdeii of the burgh or not? or whether paying Cefs

part of the  to

Where the lift (hall appear inapplicable, the magiftrates or juftices may apportion the money as to them fhall feem expedient.

Appeal may be made to a general meeting of juftices.

Their decree to be final.

1796,] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. $,

to or with the burgh or not, (hall be confidered as part of the (hire or ftewartry liable for its proportion of the men allotted by this a£1 to be railed in or for the fame, and the part within burgh (hall be included in the allotment for the burgh.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any doubt (hall arife what part of any parifh ought to contribute and be afTefled within the county or lfewartry of which it is a part, and what part of it is included and ought to contribute and be afTefled as part of the city, royal burgh, town, village or place, particularly and refpecftively above fpecified, it fhall be in the power of a general meeting of the juftices of the peace of the county or ftewartry within which such city, royal burgh, town, village, or place, is fituated, duly aflembled at a general meeting, and of which due notice fhall be given by advertilement or other-wife, in order that all concerned may attend to fix, afcertain, and determine, from the lift of inhabited and afTefled houfes, or from such other evidence as the nature of each cafe refpeclively admits, what part of such parifh falls to contribute and be afielTed with the county or ftewartry, and what part and right in purfuance of this adt to contribute and be afTefled, as part of the city, royal burgh, town, village, or place, refpedtively; and such order or judgement may, at the fuit of any party conceiving himfelf aggrieved, be removed by bill of advocation, fufpenfion, or other ufual procefs of law into the court of feflion ; any thing in this adi contained to the contrary rlotwithftanding.

XIX.  And be it enadfed, That it (hall be Jawful for any juf-tice of the peace, or any (heriff or ftewart depute, or fubftitute, or chief magiftrate, refident in any city, burgh, or town, in this adt mentioned, before whom any perfon fhall be brought to be examined touching his confent to enter into his Majesty’s fervice, to direbt that any fum, not exceeding one third parr of rhe bounty agreed to be paid to him on his engaging to ferve, fhall be advanced to such perfon, or to such of his family, and in such proportions, as he (hall requeft at the time of Ins enrolment hereinafter mentioned; and that the refidue of luch bounty (hall be paid into the hands of the colledtor of the cef's for the (hire, or ftewartry, burgh or town, to which the Taid perfon belongs, or for which he is inlifted, there to remain until the fame (hall become payable to such perfon, on his being enrolled in lome regiment, or muftered on board any of his iVlaje fly's (hips of war.

XX.  And be it enadfed, That every perfon who (hall agree to enter himfelf as a volunteer in either of such fervices as afore-faid, (hall be produced before the officer or officers appointed to regulate the fame fervice, at the neareft place of rendezvous to j any parifh or place for which such volunteer fhall agree to ferve; and it) cafe such officer or officers fhall, on examination, approve of such volunteer to ferve his Majesty, then such volunteer or volunteers may forthwith be brought before any such juftice, flier iff depute, or lubftitute, or chief magiftrate, refident asatorefaid, acting in and for the parifh or place; and in cafe it fhall appear to such juftice, (heriff depute, or fubftitute, or magiftrate, that fuch

perfon

73

/hire, and the part within the burgh part thereof*

General meeting qfjuftices may determine what part of any parifh ought to be aflelfed within the county* and what part within the city, See.

Their order may be removed into the court of ieffion.

Juftices, Sec* may diredt a third of bounties to be advanced to volunteers on their examination, and the refidue to-be paid to tne collector of the cefs.

Volunteers to be brought before tue neareft regu-ating Ouh er, arid, it approved by him, taken before a juftice, tee:, who fhall cer-try their entering, &c.



74

enrolled.

If regul itin g officer reject a volunteer, the heritors

depute, Sec.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1796-

perfon or perfons hath or have voluntarily entered himfelf or themfelves in the 'fervice of his Majesty as aforesaid, then they, are hereby required forthwith to certify, under their hands, that such perfon or perfons hath or have voluntarily entered himfelf or themfelves in the fervice of his Majesty’s army^or navy, as the cafe may be, and at the foot of such certificate enter the amount of the fums to be paid as bounty or bounties to such volunteer or volunteers, on his or their entering into such fervice,. and the fums (if any) which have been direded to be advanced to him or be five red ^em at t^ie time ^is or their enrolment; and which certifi-to the officer cates fhafi delivered to such regulating officer; and he fhall who (hallcaufe thereupon caufe such perfon or perfons to be enrolled in his the men to be Majesty’s military or naval fervice, as the cafe may require.

XXI.  And be it enaded, That in cafe the regulating officer at the neareft place of rendezvous aforesaid, fhall rejed any perfon or perfons produced before him as such volunteer or volunteers* as unfit to ferve his Majesty in either of the faid fervices, and the

or magiftrates heritors of any parifh, or magiftrates of any burgh or town, for Se^ffienff*  Per^on or perfons fhall have been tendered to ferve,

fhall think themfelves aggrieved by the rejection, it fhall and may be lawful for any one of such heritors or magiftrates to apply, by fummary complaint, to the fherifFor fiewart depute, or fub-ftitute, of the fhire or ftewartry, who fhall caufe the faid complaint to be ferved on the faid regulating officer or officers, dired-ing him to anfwer the fame within a time to be limited, not exceeding fix days, and he or they,, on receiving such notice* fhall, and they are hereby required* before the time of hearing the matter of the faid complaint, to fet down hi.s reafons in writing for such rejection, and such writing being exhibited to the fheriff or ftewart deputes, or their fubfiitute, they fhall do therein Sheriff’s order what fhall feem to them in their diferetion expedient, and their order fhall be final and conclufive.

XXII.  And be it enaded, That in all cafes where default fhall be made in procuring and delivering men by the heritors or magiftrates as aforesaid, it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons, having authority under his Majesty to provide men for the fervice of the army or navy, to produce any perfon orperfons, fubfli-tute or fubftitutes, or for any such perfon or perfons voluntarily to come before anyjufticeof the peace, fheriff or ftewart depute, or fub- . ffitute, or chief magiftrate refident of the county* diftrid, or place refpedively for which they are produced or come, and be-examined as to their confent to leeve in his Majesty’s army or navy, as fubftitutes for such parifhes or places refpedively,. and who fhall, and they are hereby authorised and required to fettle the bounty or bounties to be paid for fueh fubftitutes; such bounty or bounties, including the expences incurred in providing the faid lubftitutes, not to exceed the aforefaid [urn of twenty-five pounds fterling ; and such juftices fhall, incafe any fuchperfons fhall be approved of by the regulating officer as aforesaid, certify luch confent and approbation, and the bounties agreed to be paid, in the manner hereinbefore direded with-refpedt to volunteers; and

the

Regulating officer to write his re a ions for rejection.

final.

If men are not procured by the heritors or magif-tr.itcs; certain perfons may produce fubftitutes, or ■v cl unlt'ci s may offer themfelves to ajuftice, Sec. who fhall fettle the bounty, &cc. and order the collector of the ccfs to pay it.



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 5.  75

the faid juftices fhall thereupon make an order upon the colledlor of the cefs for the {hire or ttewartry, or burgh or town, for which such fubflitute is enrolled, to pay the bounty money out of the money in the hands of such colle£lor arifing from the affeff-ments made for and in the parifh or place for which such fubtti-tute or fubftitutes is or are admitted.

XXIII.  And be it enactted, Thatevery such certificatefo granted, Certificates or or a full and true copy thereof, figned by the regulating officer, ^^mitted6 fhall in all cafes be tranfmitted along with the .perfon enrolled, with the per-and delivered to the commanding officer of the regiment, batta- fons enrolled lion, or company, or of the fhip or veflel in which such perfon t0 the coin-^ fhall be entered to ferve, and such commanding officer (hall, ^^who dfall within four days from the time of such perfon being admitted m‘ake out a into any regiment, and before such volunteer (hall be compelled ticket for the to go out of the county for which he fhall ferve, or from the bounty due, time of such perfon joining such regiment, which fhall firft

happen, or from the time of such perfon being muttered and rated on board any {hip, and before such fhip or vettel (hall proceed to fea, as the cafe may be, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such perfon, and then remaining due, in such manner as if such money had become due to such perfon on account of arrears of wages as a feaman on board such fhip or vettel, and such bounty money fhall and may be paid to such perfon, or to his family, in the manner direttted in refpedl of men enrolled in England, as directed by an a£t palled in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An all for ra'ifmg a certain number of ?nen in the feveral counties of England, for the fervice of his Majeflys army or navy> and fhall be reimburfed to the perfon fo paying the fame, by the collector of the cefs for the particular {hire, ttewartry, burgh, or town.

XXIV.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That no perfon Certain per-fhall be received or enrolled in his Majetty’s fervice by virtue of fons difquali-this adt, who is not, in the opinion of the regulating officer or ^ en~ officers, such an able-bodied man as is fit to ferve his Majetty,

and is free from ruptures, and every other diftemper or infirmity

which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the army or

navy; an'! who, in the opinion of such officer or officers, iliall

appear to be under the age of fixteen years, or above the age of

forty-five years ; nor any perfon being an articled clerk or ap-b.ut 110 PerfQ1*

prentice (unlefs with the confent of the mailer of such clerk or foalTbe dif-

apprentice) ; nor any perfon infilled in any of his Majetty’s charged as

forces, or already entered in his M a jetty's navy ; nor any defer- being an ar-

ter : provided that no perfon enrolled by virtue of this adtihall, by tided clerk,

reafon of any such difqualification, as being a clerk, or ap. ren- &c* un*e/s,;r *  *  1  * / )  1  1  ••  1 1  notice Oi (111***

tice, or minted, or entered, or being a deferter, be liable to be qualification

difefiarged from his Majetty’s fervice, or taken out of the fame, be given

unlefs notice in writing of such difqualification fhall be given to before his en-

the officer or officers under whose command such perfon ffiall ^

be, before the time of his entering into any regiment, or on paid, *

board any of his Majefly’s (hips of-war, and before the bounty

hereby

%



76

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 5. [1796.

hereby authorifed to be paid, or any part thereof, fhall have been paid or fatisfied to him.

Regulation of XXV. And be it enacted, That all the regulations eftablifhed 37 Geo. 3.  ^ the aforefaid act of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled,

ing^dekrters'  °^ for raiflng a centain number of men in the fever al  counties of

from the naval England, for the fervice of his Majesty s army and navy, againfl: fervice in deferters from his Majesty’s naval fervice for England, and againfl:

texterui to this Per^ons harbouring or concealing deferters, and for billetting a<c^  officers  and men, fhall attach upon and be conftrued to com-

prehend the cafes of perfons enrolled in his Majefly’s naval fervice in Scotland, and the officers commanding them, by virtue of this act.

XXVI.  And be it further enacted,That all the expences incurred in the execution of this a61 in Scotland (including such gratifications for the trouble of the clerks of the peace, and other officers, who are refpectively required to execute this a61, as fhall be deemed adequate for their trouble by the juftices of the peace or fherifF depute, or fubftitute, or refident chief magiftrate as afore^ faid), fhall be defrayed by the feveral counties, ftewartries, burghs, towns, and places feverally ; and the collectors of the land tax in the feveral counties, flewartries, and burghs, are hereby empowered to aflefs and levy the faid expence along with the land tax, according to the rules and proportions herein-before mentioned.

XXVII.  And be it enabled. That until the money to be railed by virtue of this act fhall be actually recovered and paid in to the feveral collectors, that the refpective collectors of land tax, out of the publick money in their hands, fhall, and are hereby authorifed and required to advance and pay such fums as may be necefl'ary for payment of bounties to such perfons as fhall be approved of by the regulating officers.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted. That the faid collectors

ct'iving mo- cf thecefs in the feveral counties, ftewartries, burghs, and towns, ney under this ,  .  .  r  .  ,  ,  ,,  ,  r  •  &  •  r  ,  ,

Expences in executing this act t.o be defrayed by the refpective counties.

Collectors of the land tax may advance bounties.

Perfons re-

herein-before mentioned, and all other perfons into whose hands money raifed orcontributed under or in purfuance of this act fhall be paid, fhall be liable for the fame as publick accountants % and all furplus money remaining, after latisfying the purposes of this act, fhall be at the difpofal of the commiffioners cf his Majesty’s

g.

W‘“

ney

act to be liable as publick accountants.

Surplus mo-

the  treafijr>,5  to  be  applied  in  providing  men for the augmentation

the trcaiury, of his Majefly’s army or navy, in luch manner as in their dif-&c.  cretion  fhall  feem  expedient  j  and  the ufual procefs (hall and may

ifiue for compelling an account and payment thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the collectors of the cel's within the faid feveral countries, flewartries, cities, burghs, and towns, fhall, cn or before the fifth day of April in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, tranfmit to the receiver general of the land tax in Scotland an account of the lums levied by them either for bounties to men actually raifed, or for fines and penalties incurred in default of raifing men in

y April 5,

797, the collectors of the cefs to tranfmit accounts of money levied, and of balances in hand, to the

receiver gene- purfuance of this act, and dating what fums of money remain in ^ral offfie Und their hands unappropriated to the purposes herein-before directed.

land, who fhall

and the laid receiver general fhall forthwith tranfmit the faid

refpective

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 5.  77

refpedive accounts fo received as aforesaid, to the lords commif- forward them fioners of his Majesty’s treafury, and each colledor failing to j° the trea“ tranfmit to the faid receiver general the faid accounts, (hall per^jt incur the penalty of five hundred pounds fterling, such penalty Jool'

on col-

to be recovered by fummary complaint before the court o» le&ors failing feffion, or by information in the court of exchequer, at the to tranfmit fuit of his Mjjefly’s advocate.  accounts.

XXX.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Penahy of

in cafe of the death or infolvency of any colledor of the cefs, or ^ of collcc-’ any other perfon into whose hands money raifed or contributed tors dying or under or in purfuance of this ad, Thall be paid, the heirs, execu- becoming tors, fureties, and reprefentatives of the faid colledor, or other infolvent who perfons aforesaid, (hall, within forty days after the deceafe or days^de-1* infolvency, deliver in to thejuftices of peace, clerk, or town fiver anac-clerk refpedively, as the cafe may be, of each county, ftewartry, count of all city, royal burgh, or place refpedively, an account, to the beft of their knowledge and belief, of all. things done by such perfon £Jafed &c. infolvent or deceafed, touching the execution of this ad, and touching the render an account of all monies adually received and remaining execution of unpaid by any such colledor or other perfon, levying and re-taining any Turns levied and paid to them in purfuance of this ad, and that under the penalty of five hundred pounds; to be fued for and recovered in like manner as is herein-before direded, in refped to the penalties which may be incurred by such colledor negleding to tranfmit to the receiver general of the land tax the accounts of the fums levied in purfuance of this ad.  8

XXXI.  And whereas the regulating officer appointed to receive andpafs the men as above-mentioned, may not he able to go through the examination of such 7nen at the different places of rendezvous within bis diftrift, in the fpace of twenty days after the ?neeting of the heritors

for the purposes above-mentioned; be it enaded, That such regu- Regulating lating officer may intimate to the clerks of the peace of each county or ftewartry, and chief refiding magiftrate of each burgh derks of the or town fituated within his diftrid, that he will be ready to peace and receive such men as they may have procured, at such particular chief mag if-place of rendezvous, and on such feveral fucceffive days as h(e may find abfolutely neceftary, to enable him to travel without will he ready lofs of time, and with all fuitabfe difpatch, from one place of ren- to receive dezvous to another,in the feveral counties, burghs,towns, and other men: places, within his diftrid; and the clerk of the peace Thall forth- clerks of the with give notice to the minifter of each parifti within the county, Pea?e to give or, in his abfence, to the precentor or feffion clerk of the fame, ^ niird-° of the place of rendezvous, and the particular day on which the fters when heritors of such parifti are refpedively to produce and deliver volunteers are over such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, or in default to be produc-thereof to be liable in the penalty of twenty-five pounds fterling pai^for^each above-mentioned for each man of their quota deficient, to be man deficient: levied, recovered, and applied, as herein direded; and the chief magif. , jefident magiftrate of each burgh or town is in like manner to trates to be produce and deliver over at such place of rendezvous, on such liable in 25I. day as the regulating officer Thall notify, such volunteer or vo- ^hen lunteers apportioned on each, or in default thereof to be liable duced*” Pf°

as

7$ Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Geougii III. c 6. [1796.

as aforefaid in the penalty of twenty-five pounds for each rnan deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein dire&ed. Miftake in - XXXII. And whereas, by an aft poffed in the thirty-fifth year of Geo. 3.0. 29 ^%IS Majeflfs reign, intituled, An ad for railing a certain number redified. °f men in the feveral counties, ftewartries, royal burghs, and towns in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of his Msjefty’s navy ,forty-nine men were appointed to be levied for the county of Viigtoun, and eighteen men for the town of Kilmarnock, both of which numbers were by miftake apportioned on the faid county and town; be it therefore enaded, That on the faid county furnifhing, or proving itfelf to have furnifhed, twenty-three men, and the faid town of Kilmarnock furnifhing, or proving itfelf to have furnifhed, fix men, for the fervice of his Majesty’s navy, as direded by the aforefaid ad, they (hall be difeharged of all further claim upon them for any further number of men, or of ariy demand for penalties incurred for deficient men, beyond the faid number of twenty-three men and fix men refpedively. Limitation of XXXIII. A*nd be it further enaded, That if any adion (hall adions.  foe  brought  againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in »

purfuance of this ad, (uch adion or fuit {hall be commenced within fix months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards.

be altered^or  XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That

repealed this this ad may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads feflion.  to  be made in this prefent fcfiion of parliament.

CAP. VI.

An aft for enabling his Majesty to raife a proviftonalforce of cavalry, to be embodied^ in cafe cf neccfftiy, for the def ence of thefe kingdoms*— [November it, J796.]

Preamble* X T 7BEREAS it is expedient, in the prefent conjuncture, that a V V body of cavalry jhould be enrolled, and kept in readinefs to be called cut to aftual fervice, whenever it fall be neceffary, in order to prevent or repel any invaficn that may be attempted by the enemies of the country: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common?, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and One horfe- by the authority of the fame, That throughout that part of Great man and horfe Britain called England, there (hall be enrolled, for his Majesty’s to be enrolled fervice, one horfeman, clothed and furnilhed as herein-after pre-horib^keptn ^cr*bed, and equipped with one able and fufficient mare or gelding, for riding or fit for military duty, for and in refped of every ten horfes, mares, drawing a car- or geldings, kept for the purpose of riding, or for drawing any rkige, charged carriage, mentioned and deferibed in feveral atfts of parliament of tot.ecuties t}ie twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-fixth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty,. and charged to the duties on horfes, granted by the faid a<fts, by any afteffment made, or to be made, after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

fix.

on horfes granted by certain ads.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 6.  79

fix, during the continuance of this adl; the execution of which enrolment (hall be in the manner diredted by this adt.

II.  And be it further enadted, That every perfon who is or Every perfon (hall be charged to the faid duties, in manner aforesaid, for ten ^Yiorfe an i^ horfes, mares, or geldings, (hall provide for his Majefly’s horfeman for fervice in manner herein diredled, one mare or gelding fit for every fitch military duty, for or in refpedt of such ten horfes, mares, or geld- ten horfes. ings, by him or her kept and charged as aforefaid ; and in like manner one other such mare or gelding for or in refpedt of every ten horfes, mares, or geldings, by him or her kept in addition to those before enumerated and charged as aforefaid; and (hall alfo provide one able and fufficient horfeman, cloathed in the manner directed by this adl, in refpedl of every such mare or gelding by him or her to be provided for the purposes of this adt.

IIL And be it further enadled, That the feveral perfons herein- Perfons 7<eep-before defcribed, who are or fhall be charged to the faid duties in£ than in manner aforesaid, for any greater number of horfes, mares, bTclafl'id^c)0-or geldings, than (hall have been comprized in any enumeration gether, and to made in purfuance of the provifions of this act before-mentioned provide a (fuch greater number of horfes, mares, or geldings, not amount- horfe and Ing to ten additional horfes, mares, or geldings), and alfo all every^en ^ other perfons in that part of Great Britain, as aforesaid, who are or (hall be refpedlively charged to the faid duties in manner aforesaid, for any number lefs than ten horfes, mares, or geldings in the whole, (hall be clafled together in manner herein-after diredled, and (ball provide one mare or gelding (it for military •duty, for and in refpedt of every clafs confiding of ten horfes, mares, or geldings, by them refpedlively kept and charged as aforefaid; and (hall alfo provide one able and fufficient horfeman, cloathed as aforefhid, in refpedl of every mare or gelding by them refpedlively to be provided for the purposes of this adl.

IV. And be it further enabled, That his Majesty’s lieutenants County fieti-and deputy lieutenants, confKtuted and appointed in the feveral t^p;antts^^^0 counties, ridings, and places, in that part of Great Britain afore- fnto^xecu-faid, and thejuftic.es of the peace of the fame counties, ridings, tion at their and places, and such other perfons as are authorifed to meetings* carry into execution the militia laws‘within their refpedlive jurifdi&ions, (hall at their refpedlive general and fubdivi-iion meetings, carry this act into execution, in all matters -herein directed to be done ; which general and fubdivifion meetings (hall be holden for the purposes of this adl, by the like perfons, and in like manner, as such meetings are diredled to be

holden by the laws relating to the militia! such meetings afiembled for the purposes

and the jurifdidfcion of this a61,

lhall extend to all places within their refpedlive counties, ridings or fubdivifions, in the manner diredled and eftablifned by the laid militia laws, and alfo to all extra-parochial places whatever, within the limits of their refpedlive counties, ridings, or places.

V. And be it further enabled, That the firft general meeting The firil ge-of lieutenancy, in every county, riding, or place, within that neral meeting ■part of Great Britain as aforesaid, to be holden for the purposes of this adl, (hall be holden on a day, not later than fourteen w;thin i4Ciays

days



ing of this ad.

Subdivifion meetings to

Treafury may iifue money to carry this ad into execution.

So Anno regni tricefiitio feptimo Georgii III. c. 6. [>796*

after the pafiT- days after the paffing of this ad; and may be held in purfuance of previous adjournment, or by fummons* in the manner direded by any law now in force relating to the militia forces* and fhall be held from time to time, by adjournment, within seven days from the preceding meeting, until the full complement of men (hall be enrolled by virtue of this ad* and afterwards as occafion fhall require.

VI.  And be it further enaded* That the fubdivifiqfi meetings of lieutenancy fhall be appointed by the firft general meeting to

bC the'gen eral  Golden for the purposes of this ad; and fhall be holden on a

meetings. day not later than seven days after the firft general meeting aforefaid ; which meetings may be adjourned from time to time* in the manner direded by the laws relating to the faid militia forces 5 and fhall be holden from time to time* as often as the general meetings of lieutenancy fhall dired, or oftenerif occafion fhall require.

VII.  And be it further enaded, That the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorifed and required to iflue, and caufe to be advanced, all such fums of money as fhall appear to them to be neceflary for the purposes of this ad, and to prevent delay in the execution thereof, to such per-fons, and in such manner, as to them (hall feem expedient (to be replaced in the manner herein mentioned); and which fums fo to be advanced, fhall be employed in defraying the necefiary expences in and about the execution of this ad, in such particulars as the faid commiffioners of the treafury fhall order and dired.

VIII.  And be it further enaded, That the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, fhall caufe to be prepared a true fcheduleof the number of hoi fes, mares, or geldings, which have been, or fhall be charged to the faid feveral duties, by the laft afTeffment which fhall have been made at any time after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and of the names of the feveral perfons refpedively

laid before the keeping the fame, and the number kept by each perfon ; deferib-frK^onr'u01'* ^lere^n ^eir refpedive places of refidence, and diftinguifhing -f* - each divifion wherein they were fo refpedively charged; and the faid commiffioners of the treafury fhall caufe the fame to belaid before the refpedive general meetings of lieutenancy for the refpedive counties, ridings, or places, where such afteirments have been made, at their firft: meetings which fhall be held after such lifts fhall be prepared by the refpedive furveyors of the faid duties, and to be by them verified on oath if required, (which oath the lieutenant, or any one deputy lieutenant, or juftice of the peace then there aflembled, is hereby authorifed to admini-Lieutenant, fter), and the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or juftices of the tten°mber1D'1 peace, or in the abfence of the lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, of^rerrto^e or juftices of the peace, there attending, fhall proceed to afeertain providedwith- and appoint the number of men to be provided within the prein epch fub- cind of each fubdivifion meeting of lieutenancy, in such county, riding, or place, and fhall caufe a true copy, figned and attefted

by

Treafury fhall caufe a fcbe-dule of the number of horfes charged by the laft afTeflrnent after April 5, 1796, to be

divifion, and tranfmittothe

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Geo&gii III. c. 6.  81

by them refpedively, of fo much of the fchedule delivered to clerks of the them by the refpedive furveyors of the faid duties as relate to the feveral perfons refiding within the precind of each fub-divifion much 0f the meeting of lieutenancy, to be prepared, and the fame to be tranf- fchedule as mitted to the refpedive clerks of such fub-divifion meetings, to relates the^e-be laid before the deputy lieutenants and juftices aflembled at t0* their next fub-divifion meeting after such tranfmiffion.

IX. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon, liable to Penalty on the faid duties on horfes, (hall not be rated and a Helled to the full amount of what he or fhe ought and is liable to pay, and neglecting to (ball negled to deliver in a true lift of the greateft. number of deliver a lift horfes, mares, and geldings, kept by him or her at any time in ^mber^f the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred ilorfes ^pt by and ninety-fix, for the fpace of ten days after "the pafiing of this them, &c, ad; or if any perfon, having began to keeprany horfes, mares, or geldings, at any time fince the fifth day of April one thousand. seven hundred and ninety-fix, (hall, for the fpace of ten days after demand thereof made by any a fie (Tor or affeflbrs, furveypr or furveyors, or infpedor or infpedors of the fiJid duties, neglect to deliver in a true lilt, containing the greateft number of horfes, mares, and geldings by him or her kept at any time fince the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, fo that the fame may be inferted in an affeffment to be made for the purposes of this ad, every such perfon fo neglecting, fliall for- Such ^ not fe it and pay the fum of twenty pounds: provided always, That perfonfc> the delivery of such lilt fhall not fubjed any perfon to the pay- more duty ment of any duty to which he or (he was not liable before the than he was palling of this ad: provided alfo, That the perfon delivering in ^iab>le to beany such lift fhall be freed and difcharged from all penalties or *ole* furcharges incurred by reafon of any omifiion in any former lift j^to^-ee^be delivered before the pading of this act, or negled in not delivering party from all such lift, and for the recovering of which no profecution or penalties and proceeding was then had or co rmenced.  furcharges.

X.  And be- it further enaded, That the above mentioned Mode of repenalty of twenty pounds by this a<5t impofed, (hall be recover- covrry^and^ able before any one or more of his Majefry’s jufiices of the peace the penalty• of the county, riding, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence fhall be committed, on proof of the offence, either by the voluntary confeltion of the party or parties accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes ; and one moiety of every such penalty fhall belong and be paid to the informer or informers profecuting for the fame, and the other moiety thereof (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver general for the county wherein the offence (hall be committed, to be applied to the purposes of chis ad ; and in cafe of non-payment, Penalty may (hall he levied by difhefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrapt under the hand and feal of such juflice, and the overplus of the money raifed, after deduding the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefs and fale, (hall be rendered to the Offendersmay owner or owners, and for want of fufficient diftrefs the offender (hall be fent by such juftice tp the prifon of such county, riding, diftrefs,

Voju XLI,  Q  city9

'  Hosted  by  

8z

Sub-divifion meetings to prepare lifts

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

city, liberty, town,. or place, for such time not exceeding fix months, nor lefs than one month, as such juftice (hall think moft proper.

XI. And be it further ena£led, That at the refpe&ive fub-divifion meetings to be held next after receiving the copy of such oKp^erfbns^ap- fchedule as aforesaid, the deputy lieutenants there aflembled fhall pearing to be caufe to be prepared one lift, in writing, figned by them, or any chargeable for two of them, containing the names and places of refidence of all or es*  perfons  appearing  by such copy to be refpedlively charged to the

faid duties for ten or more horfes, mares, or geldings, and fhall, by dfS^ncft enumerations of the horfes, mares, or geldings, for which each perfon fhall be fo charged, as far as the fame is pradlicable, each enumeration to confift of ten horfes, mares, or geldings, in purfuance of the directions of this aCt, appoint the number of men, and alfo the number of mares or geldings, which each perfon inferted in such lift (hall provide, in refpeCt of the horfes, mares, and geldings, fo enumerated ; and if after such enumeration made, any number of horfes, mares, or geld- , ings, lefs than ten, fhall remain, then the faid deputy lieutenants fhall alfo infert the fame in such lift; and the faid deputy lieutenants fhall alfo caule to be prepared another lift, containing the names and refpeCtive places of refidence of the feveral perfons herein-before defcribed, who (hall be refpedtively charged for any number of horfes, mares, or geldings, not amounting to the number of ten, and which are not enumerated in the lift before mentioned, together with the number thereof; and alfo the names and refpeCtive places of refidence of all other perfons within the precinCt of such fub-divifion meetings, who fhall be charged as aforefaid for one horfe, mare, or gelding, or for any number of horfes, mares, or geldings, lefs than ten in the whole of such charge, together with the number thereof; and the names of all perfons included in such laft-mentioned lift, fhall be placed in diftineft claftcs, with reference to the number of horles, mares, or geldings by them reflectively kept and charged as aforefaid; fo that ten horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more, fhall be included in one clafs; and fo that the name of any one perfon included in such laft-mentioned lift, fhall not be inferted in two or more diftinCt claftes; and fo that every perfon named in any such clafs, fhall ftand one chance in the ballot, herein-after mentioned, for every horfe, mare, or gelding, contained in such laft-mentioned lift, for which he or fhe is charged to the faid V, after cl a if* duties : provided always, if after clafting the horfes, mares, and geldings, charged as aforesaid, within the precinct of any fub-divifion meeting, any number of horfes, mates, or geldings fhall remain to be enumerated, an account of the fame fhall be carried i to fome adjoining fub-divifion meeting in the county, riding, or an'accomft of P^ace> where the like refult has taken place, and fo toties quoties,

ing horfes within any fub-divihon, any fhall remain to be

them fhall be carried to fome adjoining fub di-viftoii.

until the whole number of horfes, mares, or geldings, charged in such county, riding, or place, fhall have been enumerated, as nearly as mav be, and the number of men enrolled in such county, riding, or place, may as nearly as poifible be in proportion to the

number

1796.] Anno regni tricelimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6.  83

number of horfes, mares, and geldings, charged to the faid duties, throughout the whole county, riding, or place.

XII. And be it further enadfed, That the deputy lieutenants Deputy lieu-who fhall have prepared such lifts and claffes, fhall caufe the fame ten*n*s to to be fairly written and depofited in the hands of the clerics °f tob^dep^fited their refpe&ive fub-divifion meetings, for the infpecftion of the with the clerks feveral perfons charged to the faid duties (who are hereby em- of the fub empowered to demand, at all feafonable hours, infpe£fion of the yifion^meet-fa'me gratis), and fhall appoint another meeting to be holden fpe6fion» and within fourteen days then next enfuing, within and for the fame appoint ano« -fub-divifion, and fhall iftue out an order to the chief conftables ther meeting or other officers of the refpe&ive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapen-takes, or other divifions, requiring them to give notice to the vvhoPare°to conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every provide horfe-parifh or place within their refpedlive hundreds, rapes, laths, men and wapentakes, or other divifions, of the time and place of the next fub-divifion meeting, and of the place where the lifts and dalles c * before deferibed are depofited, and the times of infpeefting the fame ; all which particulars fhall be exprefted in the order of the faid deputy lieutenants 5 and the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, afiembied in pursuance of such appointment, fhall caufe the name of one perfon to be drawn, by ballot, out of every clafs ; and every perfon whole name fhall be fo drawn, fhall provide one horfeman and one mare or gelding, as herein-after deferibed, for each clafs; and when the faid draw- Lifts offering by ballot fhall be finifhed, the faid deputy lieutenants fhall fons appoint-caufe to be prepared one other lift, in which fhall be inferred the balkttobe names of all the perfons appointed as aforesaid, and alfo of all the prepared, and perfons chofen by ballot as aforesaid, for the purposes of this a<5t, notice given, diftipgu ifhing the cafes in which any one perfon has been ap- them to attend pointed to provide two or more men, and in like manner with a meetin&» refpe£t to the number of mares or geldings fo to be provided ; and fhall appoint another meeting to be holden within and for ,the fame lub-divifion, and fhall ilTue out an order to the chief conftables or other officers of the refpedtive hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, to direct the conftable, tythingman, headborougb, or other officer of every pari 11) or place, to give notice to every perfon fo appointed or chofen by ballot for the purposes of this a cl, to appear at such meeting, which notice fhall be given or left at the place of his abode, at the time when such aftefifnent as aforefaid was made, at leaft seven days before such meeting; and such conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, fhall attend such meeting, and make a return, upon oath, of the times when such notice was lerved ; and every perfon fo appointed or chofen by ballot for Perfons in-the purpole aforesaid, (hall, upon such notice, appear at such tending to meeting, and in cafe he fhall intend to ferve perfonally, fhall ) to take th-e there take the following oath ; (videlicet),  following

*  T A. B, do fincerely promife and fwear,.That I will be faithful oat*L ‘ A and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George > and I

*  i dp fwear that I am a Proteftant; and that I will faithfully

Q 2  4  ferve I

 Vj O vJg IV

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

4 ferve in the corps in which I am enrolled within the kingdom 4 of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the pre-4 fent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the 4 end thereof.’

and fhall be enrolled.

Subftitutes may be enrolled.

Perfons ceaf-ing to keep hot les, to receive back a proportion of affdfments.

Certain perfons exempted from duty.

Which oath may be adminiftered by any one deputy lieutenant or juftice of the peace then prefent; and every such perfon fhall be enrolled to ferve in the cavalry of such county, riding, or place as a private foldier, for the term of his enrolment by virtue of this a£I: provided always, That if any perfon fo appointed or chofen by ballot fhall produce a man, or men, as the cafe may require, of the fame county in which the perfon appointed or chofen by ballot as aforesaid, is charged to the faid duties as aforesaid, or of fome next adjoining county, ab!evor fit for fer-vice in the cavalry, and who fhall be approved by the faid deputy lieutenants and juflices, or any two or more of them, such men fo produced and approved, fhall and may be refpedfivelv enrolled as fubfiitutes to the perfon fo appointed or chofen by ballot to ferve in the cavalry of such county, riding, or place, as private foldiers, for the term of such enrolment by virtue of this aft; -and every man enrolled as a fubftitute fhall take the oath hereinbefore prefcribed.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further ena61ed, That if it fhall be made to appear to the fatisfa6lion of the deputy lieutenants, at any fub-divifion meeting to be held as aforesaid, at any time during the continuance of this adit, that any perfon in any such clafs as aforesaid, has at any time, bona fide, ceafed to keep any horfe, mare, or gelding, or such number of horfes, mares, or geldings for which he fhall have been charged by such affeflrnent as aforesaid, and fhall have remained during the whole interval without any horfe, mare, or gelding, liable to duty in lieu of the former, then such perfon Ihall be allowed by certificate from the faid deputy lieutenants, to receive back such a part of the whole fum which fhall have been paid by him or her towards the afiefu ments to be raifed by virtue of this adit, as fhall be proportioned to the. interval of time during which he fhall have been bona fide without any horfe, mare or gelding, or number of horfes, mares, or geldings, in refpedt of which he fhall have been charged to such aflelfment, or any mare or gelding, or mares or geldings, in lieu thereof.

XIV". Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That no perfon who fhall ferve as a commifiioned officer in any regiment,

* troop, or company, in his Majesty’s other forces, or in the militia raifed by virtue of any add; or'acts now in force, or to be palled in this feffion of parliament, or in any volunteer corps raifed by virtue of any such act or adds of parliament, and who fhall have been enrolled therein before the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, of fhall have offered themfelves and been accepted before the faid twentieth day of October to ferve upon vacancies which fhall have happened, or who fhall, at his or her expence, furnifh a horfe for any per-

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6.  85

Ton ferving in any such corps as aforefaid ; nor any perfon who fhall ferve in any one of his Majesty’s .caftles or forts; nor any non-commiffioned officer or private man ferving in any of his Majesty’s other forces, or in the militia, by himfelf or fubftitute, or in any such volunteer corps as aforefaid ; nor any perfon being a refident member of either of the univerfities; nor any clergyman ; nor any teacher of any private congregation ; nor any perfons adfcing in a medical capacity, who,, on account of their-circumftances, in the opinion of two deputy lieutenants, fhall be efteemed fit to be exempt from the fervice required by this a£1; nor any conftable or other peace officer ferving for any parifh or place; nor any perfon having been, or being before or on the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, an articled clerk, or apprentice; nor any feaman, or fea-faring man; nor any perfon muftered, trained, and doing duty, or employed, in any of his Majesty’s docks or dock yards for the fervice thereof; or employed and muftered in his Majesty’s fervice in the tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the feveral gun wharfs, or at the feveral powder mills, powder magazines, or other ftorehoufes, belonging to his Majesty, under the direction of the board of ordnance ; nor any perfon being free of the company of watermen of the river Thames^ and who reffectively (hall not be charged to the faid duties for more than one horfe, mare, or gelding, fhall be liable to provide any man or men, or any mare * or gelding, or mares or geldings, for his Majesty’s fervice in purluance of this act.

XV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no officer Further ex-of his Adajefty’s army, or of the militia whilft in actual fervfce, crapt101™* fhall be 1 fable to provide any man or men, or any mare or gelding, mares or geldings, in purfuance of this act, in refpect of

any horfe, mare, or gelding, or .any number of horfes, mares, or geldings, kept by such officer within the number allowed to receive forage by his Majesty’s regulations.

XVI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if in any How horfes clafs of perfons to be made out as aforesaid, the perfon on whom aP: to ^ Pro' the lot (hail fall fhall not be actually poftefted of any mare or perfon on ^ gelding, or if the mare or gelding which he'fhall provide fhall whom the not be approved of at a mutter to be taken in purfuance of this lot falls (hall act, then any other perfon in the fame clafs fhall be at liberty to have no horfe, provide a mare or gelding to ferve for such clafs, and to receive the 2l T*? , 01 e

1  r '  P ,, &  , r  r r ,  1 flail DOt be

compeniation to be allowed for extra expences for (uch mare or approved of.

gelding; and if no perfon in the fame clafs fhall provide a mare

or gelding to ferve for such clafs, which (hall be approved as

aforefaid, then a mare or gelding fhall be provided by the perfon

fo ballotted, who fhall be allowed in refpect thereof such fum of

money as fhall be fettled by the deputy lieutenants, at a fub-di-

vifion meeting of lieutenancy of the fame county, riding, or place,  "*

to be a fair compenfation to such perfon for the lame, which

cornpenfation the deputy lieutenants acting in the divifion where

fuch ballot (hall have been made, fhall demand from the receiver

general of the county, riding, or place, who is hereby required

G 3  X  to

86

Where any allowance is

Anno regni tficefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796..

to pay the fame out of the monies in his hands of the Turns raifed by virtue of this aft ; and if he fhall not have fufficient of the faid money, then to pay the fame out of the duties before-mentioned, or any other duties under the management of the com-miflioners for affairs of taxes, and the fame fhall be allowed to such receiver general in hi$ accounts; and such fum fo received {hall be paid by the faid deputy lieutenants to the perfon entitled to receive such compenfation as aforefaid ; and the fum fo fettled for such compenfation as aforesaid, fhall be added to the laft af-feflment of the feveral perfons contained in the fame clafs to the duties on horfes, in proportion to the number belonging to them refpe£tively, and levied and accounted for, together with the duties therein contained.

XVII. Provided aifo, and be it further enafted, That where any allowance as aforefaid fhall have been made to any perfon in vidirv^Thorfe" anY c^s as a^*ore^ai(^ on whom the lot fhall have fallen, in order it (hall remain t0 enable him to provide a mare or gelding for the fervice rein the care of quired by this aft, such mare or gelding fhall remain in the care the perfon 0f the perfon providing the fame, fubjeft to the regulations and w™<T(han de- con^*c*ons °f t^*ls ; but such perfon fhall be bound at any liver it upinatlme, within one month after the conclufion of the war, to deli miied time, liver such mare or gelding to any perfon authorifed by any two or be liable to or more deputy lieutenants of the fub-divifion within which such perfon refides, or (hall on default forfeit and lofe a fum which fhall at lea'd be equal to the fum before received by such perfon, and fo as not to exceed the fum of twenty-five pounds to be SuT horfes added to the afleffment of such perfon lor the faid duties, and to to be difpofed he accounted for together with the duties therein contained; and of, and the such deputy lieutenants fhall caufe such mare or gelding to be price p,?dto difpofed of to the beff advantage, and the price received for the generaf oYthe ^amc to b° p-dd over to the receiver general of the county, to be county. applicable to the purposes of this aft.

Inferior offi- XVIII. Provided alfo, and be it .further enafted, 1 hat noinfe-

cers of excife keeping a horie for the performance pf their duty exempted.

officer of excife, who (hall not be charged to the faid duties

for more than one horfe, mare, or gelding, and who fhall make it appear to the fatis faction of the deputy lieutenants at any such fub-divifion meeting as aforesaid, or any two or more of them, that he is obliged by the regulations or orders of his fuperior officer of excife to keep such horie, mare, or gelding for the ne-ceflary performance of his duty as luch officer, fhall be liable to provide any man, or any mare or gelding, for his Majesty’s fervice in pursuance of this aft.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That if in any clafs of perfons to be made out as aforesaid, there ffiall be no perfon, who in the opinion of the deputy lieutenants at a fub-divifion meeting fe rvice, he on 0f lieutenancy of the fame county, riding, or place, ffiall be fit 'v|:0™ ^ lot for military fervice, then the perfon on whom the lot ffiall firft vhle n Vub;fi-  be  bound  to  provide  a  fubftitute,  who  fhall  be  approved

tutv.for which by such deputy lieutenants, and such perfon ffiall be allowed in he (hill be ah refpeft thereof such fum of money as (hall be fettled by such de-(l 1 rom' puty lieutenants to be a fair compenfation to such perfon for the

fame,

If in ar\y ftafs there (hall be no perfon fit for military

In-

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii HI. c. 6.  87

fame, which compenfation the faid deputy lieutenants (hall demand from the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, who is hereby required to pay the fame out of the monies in his hands of the fums raifed by virtue of this a6f, and if he (hall not have fufficient of the faid money, then to pay the fame out of the duties before mentioned, or any other duties under the management of the com mill! oners for the affairs of taxes, and the fame fhall be allowed to such receiver general in his accounts, and such fum fo received fhall be paid by the faid deputy lieutenants to the perfon entitled to receive such compenfation as aforefaid ; and the fum fo fettled/or such compenfation as aforeffid fhall be added to the laft: afTefTment of the feveral perfons contained in the fame clafs to the duties on horfes, in proportion to the number belonging to them refpedfively, and levied and accounted for, together with the duties therein contained.

XX. And be it further enabled, That the clerks of the feveral Clerks of fub-fub-divifion meetings fhallj and they are hereby refpedlively re- 5^^ quired to tranfmit to the lieutenant, or to the general meeting mjt al) ac> of the lieutenancy, of the county, riding, or place, an account, count of the in writing, of the number of men enrolled by virtue of this act men enrolled, within their refpective fub-divifions, their refpective ages, de- comolement fcriptions, and places of refidence, and whether they adt as prin- be not enrol-ciples or fubftitutes; and if the full complement of men who led, the ex-ought to be enrolled in any fub-divifion fhall not be enrolled, eruptions then the faid clerks fhall ft ate, in their account, the number of £0 I exemptions claimed and allowed in such fub-divifion, and the rritted to the number and amount of fines impofed on perfons appointed or privy council, chofen by ballot for not being enrolled, or for not finding fub-* ftitutes to be enrolled, and every other caufe or occafion of default to the heft of his knowledge; which accounts, or true copies thereof, fhall be, as foon as conveniently may be, tranfmitted to his Majesty’s privy council ; and the lord lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting of lieutenancy, may direct and order a new appointment to be made, or a new ballot to be taken, from and amongft the perfons making such default, as if no appointment had been made or ballot taken with refpedt to those perfons.

XXL And be it further enadted, That every perfon fhall be Perfons liable liable to the fervice required by this adt, in the parifh or place  in

where such perfon is charged to the faid duties upon horfes by the where charged laft: afleftment made after the faid fifth day of April one thoufanb by the laft (even hundred and ninety-fix, and before the palling-of this add:, afleflments although he or fhe may have removed from the place of charge ^nd if fince the making of the faid afleffinent; and if any perfon fhall charged in be fo charged to the faid duties in two or more places, then he more than one or (lie (hall be liable to the faid fervice in the place where he or place, liable to file (hall be charged, for the greateft number of horfes, mares, fei^ve in that or geldings; and certificates of such perfon being charged in such fQr the other place or places, fpecifying the number of horfes, mares, or eft number, geldings, for which he or (he is rated, fnall be tranfmitted to the &c. general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, or place,

g 4  wherein

88  Anno  regni  tricefimo  feptimo  Georgii  III. c. 6, [1796.

wherein the faid fervice is hereby required, by the cemmiffioners who (hall have made such afleffment, in order that the fame may be added to the afleffment made in the place where such fervice , s wIfere^  reclu*rec^ ? a*td the c^er^ of the fub-divifion meeting

{iableVo ferve where such perfon fhall be returned as being liable to the faid to be granted, fervice there, fhall, if such perfon requires the fame, grant 1 gratis.  certificate, gratis, under his hand, that such return has been made.

Perfonscharg- XXII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if

ed in more any perfon liable to the fervice required bv this a£t, fhall be than one place , J r , .  .  -  1  .  * ..  \  r

mav elett in charged in two or more places for the faul duties on hories, it

fhall be lawful for such perfon to eleft in which place he or fhe fhall be returned as liable to the fervice required by this adb; and to give to the commiflioncrs of the land tax of the refpedlive divifions, and alfo to the deputy lieutenants of .the refpedlive fub-divifions of the county, riding, or place wherein he or fhe is charged, notice, in writing, of the place wherein he or fhe intends to perform such fervice; and certificates, in the manner before directed, fhall be tranfmitted to the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, or place, where such return ought to be made, by the comrnifliorters who fhall have made any afleffment in such other place or places refpedlively, in order'. that the fame may be added to the afleffment made in'the place where such fervice (hall be required, and of which notice fhall be fo given as aforefaid.

Men deemed XXIII. And be it further enabled, That no perfon fhall be trolled by virtue of this ac% who is not, in the opinion of the other perfons, major Part of the deputy lieutenants prefent at the fub-divifion meeting at the time appointed for enrolment, such an able bodied man as is fit to ferve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other diftemper or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his duty; or who, in the opinion of the major part of such deputy lieutenants, fhall appear to be under the age of fixtecn years, or above the age of fifty years; nor any articled clerk or apprentice as aforesaid, (unJefs with the confent of the mafter of such clerk or apprentice); nor any perfon infilled in any of his Majesty’s forces, or entered in his Majesty’s navy, or in any volunteer corps raifed by virtue of the faid adl, palled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and who (hall have been enrolled thereih before the twentieth day of OSlober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted, That every man who fhall be enrolled by virtue of this a<5>, fhall be furnifhed with, and fhall appear, in every day of mufter, in a fuitable drefs for a pri-icju  vate foldier of cavalry; which drefs fhall be provided by himfelf,

point' d by his if he fhail ferve as a principal, or if he fhall ferve as a fubllitute, Mqefty, Scc» then by the perfon for whom he fhall fo ferve, according to the pattern of drefs which fhall be fixed and fettled at a general meeting of lieutenancy for the county, riding, or place, where the perfons fhall rcfpediively ferve, and which fhall have been approved of by his Majesty; and the faid general meetings of lieutenancy fhall 2nd are hereby empowered, from time to time, to

make

not to be enrolled.

Men enrolled to appear-drefled according to a

+  an.

yy moil nicy

will ferve, and give notice accordingly.

1796-] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6.  89

make neceffary regulations refpeCting the fame, and for the appearance of the men on the days of mutter, according to the orders eftablifhed by law for the militia forces ; which regulations, being approved of by his Majesty, fhall be of the fame force, as if the regulations had been fet down and enacted in and by this a<ft.

XXV.  And be it further enaCted, That no mare or gelding No horfe to

(hall be admitted at any mutter, unlefs the fame (hall be of the  admitted

height of fourteen hands and two inches, nor unlefs the fame be,  a cer^~

in- the opinion of the officer of mutter, fit for military duty, and tain height, provided with fufficient furniture, according to such regulations &c«

as (hall have been eftablifhed at a general meeting of lieutenancy, with the approbation of his Majesty,

XXVI.  And be it further enadted, That if any man enrolled Penalty on by virtue of this aCt, fhall wilfully neglect to appear at every day men enrolled of mutter appointed by virtue thereof, or (ball not appear in the

proper drefs provided for him as aforefa'.d, or fhall not, in the every mutter

opinion of the perfons authorifed to take the mutter, have kept day, See..

the fame with due care; and if no reafonable excufe be given by

fuch man for such negleCt, every such man fhall forfeit for every

fuch offence the fum of five (hillings, which fhall be deduCted

out of the firff money which he fhall be entitled to receive,

whether as allowance, pay, or otherwife, by virtue of this aCt.

XXVII.  And be it further enabled. That every perfon who Penalty on

fhall be enrolled to ferve as a principal in the faid fervice, and men enrolled every fubffitute not having obtained his difeharge in manner q! fu^ttitiites' hcrein-before dire&ed (and not labouring under any infirmity ^ appearing incapacitating them refpeCtively), who fhall not appear at the place at the place of appointed for mutter according to the dire&ions of this aCr, be- mutter before fore such mutter fhall be completely taken, and the men dittn idled ^earin1* a?1 therefrom, or who fhall not appear at the time and place appointed ^ ptime and for affembling the men of such county, riding, or place, in pur- place (or ah fuance of his Majesty’s warrant, for calling out and embodying femblmgwhen the fame, notices thereof refpe&ively having been publifhed as this  and

act requires, (hall, if not taken, or not having furrenciered within the which may fpace of twenty-four hours after the time appointed for such their levied by disappearances as aforefaid according to -the directions of this act, for- trefs.

feit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be paid into the hands of the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, for which such perfon fhall have been appointed to ferve, and all such penalties before-mentioned fhall be levied by dittrefs and fide of the goods and chattels of the perfon guilty of such offence, by .warrant of any one juftice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where such offence fhall be committed; and where fufficient goods and chattels cannot be found to anfwer the faid penalty, then to commit such offender to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of twelve . calendar months, unlefs luch penalty (hall be fooner paid or fatisfied.

XXVIII. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon ap- Penalty on

pointed to provide any man or men for the faid lervice, (hall perfons ap-

wilfullv pomted to wmu'v provide men.

GO

y

who neglect to provide clod thing and hori'e furniture :

penalty on any perfon cbofen by ballot to provide a man, for a like default before the firft muftcr, and on the clafs, for not providing them before the next mufter.

Penalty on per Ions ap-pointed or cbofen by bal-lot to provide men, who ill all not appear to be enrolled, or provide fubfti-tllteS.

Penalty on ptrforis, appointed to

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 6. [1796.

wilfully negledl to provide fuicable cloathing, according to the directions of this a&, or to provide proper furniture for each and every mare or gelding to be kept by him or her, for the purposes of this ad, (before the firft mufter of men to be had in the fub-divifion where he or fbe is charged to the faid duties), to be ufed at every fucceflive mufter to be had under this ad, every luch perfon (hall, for every such negled, forfeit and pay the fum of forty fhillings, to be added to the afteflfnent of such perfon, and to be levied and accounted for together with the duties therein contained, in the manner herein directed.

XXIX.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon cbofen by ballot to provide any man for the faid fervice, (hall negled to provide fuitable cloathing, according to the directions of this act, or to provide proper furniture for the mare or gelding to be kept by him or her for the purposes of this act, before the firft mufter of men to be had in the fubdivifion where he or (lie is charged to the faid duties, to be ufed at every fucceflive mufter as afore-faid, every such perfon fhall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty fhillings, which fum (hall be added to the afteflfnent of such perfon, and levied &nd accounted for together with the duties therein contained \ and if after default fo made, the feveral perfons com-pofing the fame clafs, with the perfon fo making default, fhall not, before the .next mufter to be had after notice in writing given of such default, provide and produce proper cloathing and furniture to be ufed as aforesaid, then the feveral perfons compof-ing that clafs fhall forfeit and pay the fum of thirty fhillings; which fum fhall be afiefied upon them rateably in proportion to the number of horfes, mares, and geldings, included in that clafs for which each such perfon is charged to the faid duties; and the faid feveral proportions of such fine fhall be added to their refpec-tive afteftments, and levied and accounted for together with the duties therein refpedively contained.

XXX.  And be it further enacted. That if any perfon appointed or chofen by ballot, by virtue of this ad, to provide one man for the faid fervice, fhall willfully, and without any rea-fonable excufe, to be allowed as aforesaid, refufe or negled to appear and take the faid oath, and be enrolled to ferve in the cavalry, according to the diredions of this ad, or to provide a fubftitute who fhall be approved of, and who fhall take the faid oath and be enrolled as a fubftitute j or if any perfon appointed by virtue of this ad to provide two or more men for the faid fervice, (hall refufe or negled to provide men, either by perfonal fervice for one of such men, or by a fubftitute for each man to be provided, who fhall refpedively be approved of, and take the faid oath and be enrolled as aforefaid ; every perfon fo refufing or negleding fhall forfeit and pay, for and in refped of each man fo to be provided, the fum of fifteen pounds ; which fine and penalty fhall be added to the laft afleffinent of such perfon, and (hall be levied and accounted for together with the duties contained therein.

XXXI.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon appointed by virtue of this ad to provide any mare or gelding, dr

" any

1796-] Anno regni tricefurio feptimo Georgii III. c. 6.  91

any number of mares or geldings, for the (aid fervice, {hall wil- provide hor-

fully and without anyreafonable excule, to be allowed asaforefaid,

refijfe or negledf to provide the full complement of mares or geld- maintain and

ingsbyhim or herappointed to be provided, which (hall refpedlively produce them

be approved at a mutter to be taken in purfuance of this adt; or fit for military

having provided such mare or gelding, or such number of mares

or geldings, (hall negledl or refufe to maintain and keep his or

her full complement of mares or geldings, fo appointed to be

provided, and to produce the fame in a condition fit for military

duty, to be approved at every fucceffive mutter to be taken ill

purfuance of this add, before luch time as the faid forces fhalI be

actually embodied, every such perfon (hall, for every mare or

gelding, of which default fhal! be. made as aforesaid, forfeit and

pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be added to the latt atteffment

of such perfon, and levied and accounted for together with the

duties therein contained.

XXXII.  And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon Penalty ott chofen by ballot to provide any mare or gelding for the faid fervice, perfons cho-(hall refufe or negledf to provide a mare or gelding which (hail [^provide** be approved of at a mutter to be taken in purfuance of this a£fc, or horfe, for a having provided such mare or gelding (hall negledb or refufe to like default maintain and keep a mare or gelding, and to produce the fame before embo* in a condition fit for military duty, to be approved at every fuc- fjr^s cettive mufter to be taken in purfuance of this acl, before such OT1 the* clafs, time as the faid forces (hall be adlually embodied, every such ifnotpro-^ perfon fhail forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, which lum vided within fhail be added to the Jaft affeffment of luch perfon, and levied notice of such and accounted for together with the duties therein contained ; default, Sec. and if after default fo made, the leveral perfons compofing the

fame clafs with the perfon fv making default, fhail not, within the fpace of fourteen days after notice in writing given of such default, provide and produce a mare or gelding at every fucceffive mutter to be taken in purfuance of this a£f, in a condition fit for military duty, to be approved as aforefaid* and maintain and keep the fame according to the directions of this a£I, then the feveral perfons compofing that clafs fhail forfeit and pay the fum of fifteen pounds, which fum {hall be affefled upon them rateably in proportion to the number of mares or geldings included in that clafs for which each such perfon is charged to the faid duties, and the faid feveral proportions of such fine fhail be added to their laft refpedlive aflettments, and levied and accounted for together with the duties thetein rel'pedlively contained.

XXXIII.  Provided alfo, 2nd be it further ena&ed. That if Penalty on any perfon, providing any mare or gelding at any mutter which vfdbi^^horfe (hall not be approved by the deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, (hall not approved, have been pollefled at the time of any other mare or gelding, and potH-lfed mares or geldings, fit for fervice, and (hall not, within fourteen of one fit for days from the time of the mare or gelding provided by him or ^ho^llidlnot her being rejected, have provided another mare or gelding which provide a fit fhail be approved, such perfon, on proof that he or (he had in his one in a limit-or her poli'etticn, a mare or gelding, marcs or

geldings.



which ed Ume.

92

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

frail appear to the fatisfa&ion of two or more deputy1 lieutenants to have been at the time actually fit for fervice, ihall forfeit and lofe such fum of money as (hall be fixed by any two or more deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, not exceeding the fum of twenty-five pounds for each mare or gelding of which default fliall be made, to be added to the afteftment of such perfon, and accounted for together with the duties therein contained.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon enrolled to ferve by virtue of this a£t as a fubftitute, at any time before he fhall be ordered to be drawn out or embodied, to give notice in writing of his intention to refign to any one or more of the deputy lieutenants or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, for the fub-divifion for which fie fhall ferve ; and such de-on the princi- puty lieutenant or juftice of the peace, fhall i(Tue a fummons to pal producing the perfon or perfons for whom such fubftitute fhall have ferved, to appear at the next meeting to be holden for such fub-divifion, and to produce another fubftitute, who fhall be approve.!, and fhall be enrolled and fworn as aforesaid, and thereupon the perfon fo reftgning fhall be entitled to his difeharge, and which (hall be made out in writing under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants or juftices of the peace, provided that no perfon who fhall upon his enrolment have received any money or other confideration for his fervice from the perfon or perfons for whom he fhall ferve, fhall be entitled to his difeharge until the full fum or value fo received fhall be repaid and latisfied : provided alfo, that all arms, accoutrements, cloathing or materials whatever, fhall be delivered up in good condition before such difeharge

Subftitutes, before ordered to be drawn out, may give notice of intention to refign, and fhall bedifeharged, accin

another fub-flitute, See

When muf-ters fhall be had.

fliall

be granted.

XXXV And be it further enabled, That mufters of the men

enrolled by virtue of this act, fliall be had from time to time within each fub-divifion of every county or riding, at such times, and at such places, as fliall be fixed at any general meeting of lieutenancy, with the approbation of his Majesty ; of which times and places notice fliall be given, by publick advertifement, in fome newfpaper ufually circulated in the fame county or riding, fourteen days before the time of such rnufter ; and if any perfon enrolled by virtue of this fliall wilfully abfent himfelf from such rnufter by the fpace of one hour after the time appointed for taking the fame, every such perfon fhall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten fhillings, to be deducled out of the firft money which such perfon fliall be entitled to receive, Perfons fo ab- whether as allowance, pay, or otherwife, by virtue of this a£l; be^dhchTrged anc* t^ie ^eutenant of the county, riding, or place, with the con-and others  J  'r,,k  A""l

Penalty for abfenting from rnufter.

fent of the deputy lieutenants of the fub-divifion where such perfon fhall have been enrolled, may difeharge such perfon, and dire# another perfon to be chofen in his place.

XXXVI. And be it further ena£led, That the deputy lieutenants of every fub-divifion of any county or riding, and the ^^ffn^them commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independant for negleft, company, or such officer or officers as his Majesty (hall have appointed

chofen.

Who (hall rnufter the men enrolled



1796*] Annoregni triceflmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6.  93

pointed for that purpose, or any two or more of them, fhall mufter the men enrolled by virtue of this a6l, within their re-fpedfive fub-divifions, in such manner as may by law be ufed in muftering the militia forces; and all fines impofed on any perfon enrolled for any negledl: of duty in any matter relating to such mufter, (hall be ordered, adjudged, and impofed by the faid deputy lieutenants, commanding officer, or other officer or officers aforesaid, or any two of them, who are hereby empowered finally to determine the fame.

XXXVII.  And be it further enabled, That the like penalties The penalties and forfeitures as are dire&ed to be inflicted againft perfons be-

longing to his Majesty’s army, for caufing themfelves to be army t0 ex> falfely muftered, or againft perfons for procuring the fame to be tend to the* done, or for aiding or affifting them therein, by any law now in a<ft. force, or hereafter to be palled for pun idling mutiny and defer-tion in refpedl of his Majesty’s army, (hall extend to every perfon enrolled by virtue of this a£l, who (hall be guilty of the like offence or offences, their procurers, aiders, and abettors, re-fpedftively.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enadled, That the general Meetings of meetings of lieutenancy in the feveral counties, ridings and places lieutenancy in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, (hall caufe to be pre- tain^ftniutes" pared an eftimate of the allowance to be made for providing a man

to attend the general mufters, and of cloathing such man according to the directions of this a6l, and what ought reafonably to be allowed to the perfons providing such mares or geldings for the faid fervice, for any extra expences to be incurred in providing furniture, maintaining and keeping such mares or geldings, for the fpace of one year, which such perfons would not be fubjedt to if such mares or geldings were not provided for such fervice, and fhall fettle and determine at what times such allowances (hall be made; and every perfon who fhall be appointed or chofen by Perfons pro-ballot to provide any man, or any mares or geldings, for the purpose aforesaid, and who fhall duly conform to the regulations entitled*to of this a6I, fhall be entitled to receive the full allowance fo fet- * fettled tied; and the deputy lieutenants within their refpeetive divilions allowance, fhall demand from the receiver general of the county, riding, or Deputy lieu-place, all such fums of money as fhall become due in refpedi °f tenant^to^re-the men, and alfo the mares and'geidiogs, provided within such ^ ^ue f0‘ divifion, for the ufe of the perfons providing the fame refpedti vdy, allowances to be paid to them at such times as fhall be fixed and fettled by the from the re- ^ faid general meetings of lieutenancy ; which fums such receivers ^e*vtTgeneral, general are hereby required, from time to time, during the eon-tinuance of this acf, until the men enrolled by virtue of this a61 {hall be called out and embodied by virtue of the powers hereby given to his Majesty, on demand, to pay, on the production of the certificate of the conformity to the regulations of this acf, figned by the officer or officers of mufter appointed by virtue of this aCt, taking a proper receipt or receipts for the fame, out of the monies in his hands of the fums railed by virtue of this a£I; and if he (hall not have fufficient of the faid money, then to pay

the



94

Clerk of general meetings to tranfmit an account of allowances, &c. and fines, to the commif-fioners of the land taxfor the county, who (hall insert the fines in the aftefT-ments, and charge the perfons liable to provide men and horles, in proportion to the number of horles kept, &c.

Application of afiefTments paid to the receiver gene ral.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

the fame out of the duties before-mentioned, or any other duties under the management of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes ; and all such payments fhall be allowed to such receivers general in their accounts.

XXXIX.  And be it further enabled, That the clerk of the general meetings of lieutenancy in any county, riding, or place, fhall, and he is hereby required to tranfmit a true account of the allowances to be made to the feveral perfons before-mentioned, on account of their providing any man or men, or any mare or gelding, or any mares or geldings, for the faid fervice, to the com-miffioners of the land tax for the fame county, riding, or place, within their refpe&ive divifions; which accounts fhall contain the names and places of refidence of all such perfons who are charged to the faid duties in refpedt of any horfes, mares, or geldings, together with the number thereof kept by them refpe<5fively within those divifionS, and alfo the names and places of refidence of perfons exempted from the provifions of this a£I; and fhall alfo, from time to time, tranfmit an account of all fines impofed on any perfon or perfons by virtue of this a£t; and the faid com-miifioners fhall caufe the faid fines to be inferted in the aflefT-ments for the then current year, and the perfons fo fined to be refpe£tively charged therewith; and fhall alfo caufe all the perfons, within their divifions liable to provide men, and mares or geldings, as aforesaid, for the faid fervice, to be affeffed in proportion to the number of horfes, mares, and geldings by them refpeclively kept, and charged to the faid duties, towards payment of the allowances to be made to the feveral perfons before-mentioned, for providing such men and horfes for such fervice, which aflefl-menrs fhall be added to the afTefTments of the faid duties upon horfes, and fhall include all allowances to be made from the pafiing of this until and upon the fifth day of April one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and afterwards for one whole year from the fifth day of April yearly during the continuance of this a<51, until the men enrolled by virtue of this a£t fhall be drawn out and embodied ; and the fame fhall be paid on the ufual quarterly days of payment during such time as the men enrolled by virtue of this a£t fhall continue to be muttered in purfuance of tin’s or until they fhall be drawn out and embodied ; and if any fum inferted in such aflefiment fhall not have become payable at the expiration of this a£f, or when the men enrolled by virtue of this act fhall be drawn out and embodied, such lum fhall be (truck out of such afleflmentby the faid refpec-tive commiflioners.

XL. And be it further ena£ted, That all monies raifed hy afieflment by virtue of this a6t, and paid into the hands of the . receiver general of the county, riding, or place, (hall be applied, in the fir ft place, to reimburfe such receiver general the monies paid by him out of the produce of the faid duties upon horfes, or any other duties herein mentioned, and in the next place towards paying the allowances direded to be made to perfons providing the military, force to be raifed by virtue of this a61 in the manner herein

directed,

95

1796-] Annorfgni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 6.

directed, and afterwards towards reimburfing the monies direbled to be advanced by the commiflioners of the treafury towards the expences of executing this abi; and if any monies ftall remain, the fame (hall be applied towards providing men., and mares or geldings, for the fervice required by this a£f, in any* cafe where default fhall be made in providing the fame according to the directions herein-before contained ; and any furplus remaining when the men fhall be drawn out and embodied, and not wanted for any of the purposes aforesaid, fhall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the refpeblive regiments or troops, and be applied as part of the regimental ftock.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That if at any time before If before the

the men (hall be called out and embodied, according to the men be called

directions of this abl, it (hall appear, to any two or more deputy hodied^i^lhall

lieutenants orjuftices aftembled at any fub-divifion meeting, that appear that

•any perfon appointed or chofen by ballot to provide for the faid any are unfit

military fervice, and tendering himfelf to ferve, or any perfon kiwice,

tendered as a fubftitute for the faid fervice, or if it fhall appear to vifion meeting

the officer or officers appointed to npufter the men to be raifed may refufeto

by virtue of this abl, that any perfon, although lworn and en- enrol them';

rolled, is unfit for military fervice, or that after enrolment such and the muf-

perfon is become unfit for military fervice, it fhall be lawful for

K r. , .  ,  in-  r  1  may oifcbarge

the faid deputy lieutenants, and juftices, or any two of them, them, and an-

afTembled at such fub-divifion meeting, to refufe such man to be other appoint-

enrolled, and for the officer or officers appointed to mufter the ment or ballot

faid men, at such mufter to difeharge such man from fervice; ma e’

and the deputy lieutenants and juftices afl’embled at any meeting

within the fame fub-divifion fhall and they are hereby required to

amend the lift and enrolment, as the cafe may require, and to

caufe another appointment to be made upon the perfon before

appointed to the fame fervice, or another ballot to be taken from

the fame clafs, according to the circumftances of the cafe, and

as if no former appointment had been made or ballot been had.

XLII. And be it further enabled, That all fines, penalties, and Fines (except forfeitures, to be impofed by virtue of this acl, for any breach of  a

the regulations thereof, which are hereby directed to be added to rafter) fhall the refpeblive afteftments of the faid duties on horfes, (except be adjudged such fines as fhall be impofed at a mufter had under this 26! in at fub-dmfion manner before direbled), fhall be ordered, adjudged, and impofed, ^^h^are^o at the refpeblive fub-divifion meetings of the county, riding, or be added to place, where such offences (hall be committed, by the deputy affic-fTmentsof lieutenants and juftices there attending, or any tw'Q or more ofduties oa them, who are hereby empowered finally to determine the fame;  the

and all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which are hereby comnuffiotv r& directed to be added to the refpeblive affeilments of the faid duties of the land on horfes, fhall, as foon after adjudication thereof as may be convenient, be certified by the deputy lieutenants and others hereby empowered to adjudge the fame, under the hands and ieals of any two or more of them refpeblively to the commiffion-ers of the land tax of the divifion where the perfon againft whom the fame is direeled to be levied is charged to the laid,duties on

horfes ;

 Googl

96

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796.

horfes; and such commiffioners (hall, on receipt of any such certificate, caufe the fine or fines contained therein, to be added 1 to the then laft afleffment of such perfon for the faid duties on horfes, and to be levied in the manner, and under the like powers, as the duties on horfes may be levied by any law now in force.

Lifts of per- XLIIL And be it further enadfed, That all lifts'of perfons ap-vide men^and l30’ntec^ 01 c^°^en ^7 ballot to provide men for the faid fervice, of daffies * to  an<^ °f  compofing the  fame,' {hall be carefully tran-

be tranfcribed  fcribcd  into  a  book to be prepared  by order of every fub-divifion

into a book, meeting of lieutenancy, and kept by the clerk of such meetings ; thecleiL^of anc^ ^at:  orders, regulations, and proceedings of such meet-

lub-divifion ings, and alf° the general meetings of lieutenancy, made in meetings; as purfuance of this adf, fhall alfo be carefully tranfcribed into a alfoall their book or books to be prepared by order of such meetings refpec-' and^f*the*S>  ^veLv’  an(^  kept by the refpedtive  clerks thereof; which books

general  fhall be open  to the infpedfion of  any perfon aiTefied to the faid

meetings of duties on horfes, within the fame county, riding, or (hire, at all lieutenancy, feafonable times, paying fixpence, and no more, for each infpec-k1 /v tlon 5 an^ t^lat no order, adjudication, or proceeding whatever,

HOl DC 1 llulCCl /-  i  •  r- *  \  •  •  •  r  \  •

to appeal. °* any general meeting, or iub-aivmon meeting or lieutenancy, holden in purfuance of this ad, fhall be fubjed to appeal, nor to be removed by Certiorari, or other writ or procefs, into any court whatfoever.

His Majesty XLIV. And be it further enacled. That it fhall be lawful for men enrobed6 L^aje^y to caufe the men enrolled by virtue of this ad, to be to be drawn drawn out and embodied at such times, and in such manner, and out and em- under the like regulations and reftridions, as the augmentation bodied, as the to the militia forces to be raifed by virtue of any ad to be pafled in augmentation t^js feffi0n of parliament, may be drawn out and embodied ; and forces.ml 1 ^ ft (hall lawful for his Majesty to form the men enrolled for any county, riding, or place, when fo drawn out and embodied, into a regiment, or into battalions or troops, as fhall feem moft ex-Lieutenants, pedient; and for the lieutenant, or general meeting of lieute-&C. with his nancy, in such county, riding, or place, to be holden as herein ^'^bation^' *s c^re^ec^ w^h the approbation of his Majesty, at any time after may appoint ftje paffing of this ad, to appoint officers and non-com mi flioned officers and officers to the command of such regiment, battalions, or troops, non-commif- under the like rules and regulations as areeftablifhcd with refped tLe1forr^re^S, to cava'r7 °f h*8 Majesty’s forces, such officers being refpec-being quali- lively qualified in the manner required by the laws relating to the fied as in the militia; and in cafe when the men fo enrolled fhall be embo-militia; or died, a fuffieient number of officers fo qualified fhall not have arm^orfuch J?een appointed, or cannot be found to accept^tommiffiions in fuch. as'hav^re- regiments, battalions, or troops, it fhall be lawful for the lieute-tired from it, nant, or general meeting of lieutenancy aforesaid, with the ap-or the militia, probation of his Majesty, to appoint for that fervice such a number of the officers in the army, whether on full or on half pay, or of perfons who have had commiffions in any of his Majesty’s forces, or in the militia, and have retired therefrom, although not duly qualified as aforesaid,

XLV. Provided

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6.  97

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That The men en-

neither the whole or any part of the men enrolled by virtue of this !*0^ec* not to ~ n M  J  1  ,  . ,  ,  c be ordered out

act:, (hall on any account be carried or ordered to go out of Qf Qreat Bri-!

Great Britain,  tain.

XLVI. And be it further ena&ed, That from the date of his When drawn Majesty’s warrant for drawing out and embodying the forces to outandembo-be raifed by virtue of thisaft, the officers and private men {hall be and°^ entitled to the fame pay as the officers and private men of his men t0 re_ Majesty’s other regiments of cavalry receive, and no other ; and ceive the fame if any non-commiffioned officer or private man of any such regi- PaYas in other ment, battalion, or troop, fhall be maimed or wounded in actual cavXv^^and fervice, he (hall be equally entitled to the benefit of Cbelfea, the non-com. hofpital with any non-commiffioned officer or private man be- miffioned of-longing to any of his Majesty’s other forces ; and if any mare or fibers and ^ gelding fhall die or be maimed or wounded in actual fervice, the t(> Chelfea proprietor thereof (hall have a reafonable allowance for the fame, hofpital. by the certificate of the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, where such mare or gelding had or then Allowance to ferved, to be directed to the deputy lieutenants of the fub divifion be made for where such mare or gelding was provided, which the faid com- ^°cr^n actual manding officer is hereby empowered and required to grant, and fervice. which allowance (hall not in any cafe exceed the film of twenty-five pounds, and which fhall be paid by the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, out of any monies in his hands arifing by virtue of this a6t, or of the faid duties on horfes, or of any other duties under the management of the faid commiffioners of taxes, in the manner herein direded in refpedl to other payments to be made by such receivers general.

XLVII. And be it further enabled, That from the day ap- When the pointed by his Majesty’s warrant for drawing out the men, en- dr^^out rolled by virtue of this act, into actual fervice, all the rules, into actual regulations, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, eftablifhed by an fervice, the a6t of the laft feffion of parliament, for punithing mutiny and ™utin^adt defertion, and for the better payment of the army and its quar- to^them.60 ters, or which fhall be eftablifhed by any adt to be pafted in this or any future feffion of parliament for the like purpole, during the continuance of this a cl, (hall extend and be applied, and be conftrued to extend and be applied, to the men enrolled by virtue of this a6f, as fully and amply as to any other of his Majesty’s forces.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ^Ped^for any perfon enrolled by virtue of this a£t may, at any time before  Qeu°ie

he (hall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied, enlift him- may enlift in felf in any regiment of his Majesty’s regular forces; but that no the regular such enlift ment fhall be valid without the content of the deputy f°rces> with lieutenants of the fub-divifion where such perfon fhall be enrolled, two^eputy ° or any two of them, in writing under their hands and feals ; lieutenants, in which cafe another perfon fhall be provided in the room of the and others to perfon fo enlifted, according to the directions of this ai5t.  be Provided.

XLIX. And be it further cna&ed, That the refpe£iive clerks Clerks of the

of the general meetings of lieutenancy, the clerks of the refpec- geneJal Vol.XLI.  H'  C,emeetings, &c.

98  Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1796*

to be reward- tive fub-divifions of lieutenancy, of the commiffioners of the Cfit aiieutede" ^anc^ tax> con^a^^€?i anc* other officers who are hereby refpec-pants fhnll  tively required to execute this ad, in any of the particulars

think proper, herein mentioned, and who {hall refpedively execute the fame to by the re- the fatisfadion of the deputy lieutenants affembled at their re~ ceivergeneral. fpC(qjve fub-divifion meetings, (hall have and receive such rewards, and no other, for their care and trouble in and about the executing of this ad, and for their refpedive expences and charges in the fame, as the faid deputy lieutenants fhall judge the faid clerks, officers, and other perfons, to have deferved; and the faid deputy lieutenants fhall, after allowance thereof, direct the fame to be paid by the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, out of any money in his hands of the affeflments levied by virtue of this ad, whether the fame {hall have been levied as fines, or for the expences in providing a military force; and if such receiver general {hall.not have fufficient money in his hands of the faid affeffments to pay the fame, then such receiver general may pay the fame out of any monies in his hands of the faid duties on horfes, or any other duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes : provided always, That all monies of the faid duties under the management of the faid commiffioners, which any receiver general (hall pay in pur-fuance of this ad, fhall be reimburfed to him by and out of the firfi monies that {hall come to his hands of the affeffments levied by virtue of this ad.

L. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, at any general or fub-divifion t^quire^th?3^ meeting of lieutenancy, or any two or more of them refpedively attendance of prefent at such meetings, from time to time, to iffue their order peace officers: or warrant, under their hands and feals, requiring the attendance of the high conftable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of the peace, at such time and place as in such order or warrant (hall be expreffed ; and if any such officer (hall refufe or negled to appear according to such warrant, or fhall refufe or negled to comply with such orders and diredions as he or they refpedively fhall, from time to time, receive from the faid lieutenant and deputy lieutenants refpedively, they, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, at their difcretion, to fine such perlon or perfons in any fum, not exceeding twenty pounds nor lefs than forty (hillings, to be applied towards defraying any expences incurred in the execution of this ad; and in cafe of nonpayment within thirteen days, to commit the perfon fo offending to the common gaol, there to be kept for the fpace of one month without bail ormainprize.

LI. And be it further enaded, That the provifions of an ad, palled in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft jor the rendering juftices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their office, and for indem-nifying conjiables and others afting in obedience to their zvarrants, {hall extend to all his Majesty’s lieutenants, and to all deputy lieutenants ading in the execution of this ad, in like manner,

and

Receiver general to be re imburfed out of the firft affeff-ment.

General or fub-divifion

penalty on such officers for negled of duty.

$4 Geo. a. C. 44-to extend to lieutenants and deputy lieutenants.

 CjjOCK^Ic

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 6.  99

and as fully and effedtually, as the fame extend to juftices of the peace adding in the execution of their office.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance of a Acceptance of commiffion in any regiment, battalion, or troop, raifed by vir- ^^o^cate tue of this adt, (hall not vacate the feat of any member returned peats in par_ to ferve in parliament; and that no perfon being^an officer of liament. any such regiment, battalion, or troop, (hall be compelled to No officer

ferve the office of (heriff.  toTe?ve af

L1II. Provided always, and be it enadted, That no officer of nieriff.

any such regiment, battalion, or troop, or private therein, fhall n0perfon lia-

be liable to any penalty or punifhment for or on account of his ble to penalty

abfence during the time he (ball be going to vote at any eledtion forabfence,

of a member to ferve in parliament, or during the time he fhall g°in£ *° or »  c r 1 \ rv-  returning

be returning from luch eledtion.  from eieaion

LIV. And be it further enadted, That no private man in any of members such regiment, battalion, or troop, from the time of his enrol-of parliament, ment until he (hall be regularly difcharged, fhall be compelled to No private ferve as a peace officer or pai ilh officer, or to ferve in any of his compel-Majelly’s fea forces.  .

LV. And be it further enadted, That every perfon having parifli officer,

ferved in any such regiment, battalion, *or troop, when drawn or in the navy.

QUt into adtual fervice, being a married man, may fet up, and Married men,

exercife any trade in any town or place within Great Britain, having been

without any let, fuit, or moleftation, of or from any perfon or a^^ifc?vioe°

perfons ^whomfoever, for or by reafon of ufing or exercifing such may fet up *

trade, as freely, and with the fame provifions, and under the trade in any

fame regulations, and with the like exception in refpedt to p^ce in Great

the two univerfities, as any mariner or foldier can or may do by

r o 5rr' 1 •  1  i  r < •  \ J mariners or

virtue or an adt, palled in the twenty-lecond year of his late foldiers may,

Majefty’s reign, intituled, An oft to enable such officers, mariners, &c.

and Jolliers, as have been in his Majejly s fervice fence his acceffeon to

the throne, to exercife trades; and no such perfon fhall be liable to

be removed out of any such town or place, until he is become

chargeable to the parifh.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That all  33

fuch towns and places as by an adt palled in the twenty-fixtb  ^  3’

year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for amending and deemed to be reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in fituate within that part of Great Britain called England, are diredted to be ^umfes for-deemed to be fituate within and part of any counties, ridings, or the pUrp0fes places, for the purposes of the faid adt, fhall alfo be deemed to of that adt, be fituate within and part of the fame counties, ridings, and fhall be fo places refpedtively, for the purposes of this adt, and lhall be ^mec* ^ fubjedt to the jurifdidtion and authority of the lieutenants, deputy 0f this adt. lieutenants, juftices of the peace, and other officers of the re-fpedtive counties, ridings, and places, within which such towns and places are hereby and by the faid adt deemed to be fituate in such and the fame manner as is provided by the faid adt.

LVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That this adt, This adt not or any thing herein contained, fhall not be deemed or conftrued Jhe^rPhts^of to be a precedent, on any future occafion, to diminifh or be t^e clty 0f

H 2  prejudicial  London.



Limitation of actions.

General ififue,

Treble cells.

A <51 may be altered or repealed this feffion.

Continuance of adt.

Preamble.

36 Geo. 3. c. 3.

prejudicial to the rights,, liberties, cuftoms, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the faid city are entitled to enjoy by prefeription, acl of parliament, charter, ufage, or otherwife howfoever.

LVIII. And be it further enabled, That if any adlion or fuit (hall be brought againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adl, such adlion or fuit {hall be commenced within fix months next after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or • defendants in every such adlion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury {hall find for the defendant or defendants in any such adlion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs {hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their adlion or fuit after the defendant or defendants {hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement {hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants {hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant hath in any other cafes to recover cofts by law.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That this a & may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any adl or a<5ls to be made in this prefent feffion of parliament.

LX. And be it further enadled, That this acl, with refpedl to the diredlion of the fervice of the men enrolled by virtue thereof, {hall continue and be in force during the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the determination thereof: provided always, That all the powers and regulations of this a<5l, which fhall be neceffary for enforcing the due colledlion of the monies required for the pay, cloathing, and maintenance of the forces raifed by virtue thereof, until the time of their actual dif-charge, fhall continue and be in force for fix calendar months after the end of the prefent war, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP. VII.

An aft to continue for a limited time, and amend an oft made in the-laji feffion of parliament, intituled, An adl to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of provifion, for a limbed time, in any {hips whatever, without payment of duty; and for permitting wheats wheat flour, and meal\ imported, in order to obtain the bounties granted by an aft of the loft feffion of parliament, but which have not been found fit for making bread, to be ufed in the manufacture of Jlarch, hair powder, and bluey or in the clijUllation of low wines and fphits.—[November 11, 1796.]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the lafl feffion of parliament ^ intituled, An adl to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn

and

1796*] Anno regni <ricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 7. xor

and other articles of provifion for a limited time, in any (hips whatever, without payment of duty: and whereas it is expedient y wider the prefent circumjlancesy to continue for a further time, and to amend the faid aft: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enadted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the expiration of the faid aft, and until the expiration of fix ported for a weeks from the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, limited time, it fhall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to export, from any part of this kingdom, any Britijh or foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, peafe, beans, oats, or any meal or flour, or bread, bifcuir, or malt, made thereof, or any potatoes, or any Indian corn or maize, or meal or flour made thereof; and Foreign corn, that it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to import, into may be any part of this kingdom, any foreign corn, or other articles, as ^tv^ree • aforesaid, in any Britijh (hip or veflel, or in any other fhip or veflel belonging to perfons of any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatfoever; and alfo to take out of ware-houfe, for home confumption, any such foreign corn, or other fo^ome C articles, as aforesaid, without payment of any duty whatfoever ; confumption. any act or afts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding : and if any perfon fhall export, or (hall load or lay on board any Perfons ex-fhip or other veffel, with intent to export, any corn or other porting corn, articles, as aforesaid, the perfon fo exporting, or loading, or laying on board, with intent to export the fame, fhall be liable and fubjeft to the like forfeitures and penalties ; and the faid corn or other articles, and the fhip or veflel in which the fame (hall be exported, or loaded or laid on board, fhall be fubjeft and liable to the like forfeitures, and in like manner to be fued for, pro-fecuted, recovered, and difpofcd of, as if the faid corn or other articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, contrary to the provifions of two a (Sts, one pafled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An all for regulating 31 Geo. 3. the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty c* 3°‘ anii on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britilh corn exported; and the other pafled in the thirty-third year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to amend an aft, made in the thirty- 33 Geo. 3. firf year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, 6 An aft for c‘ regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britifh corn exportedprovided always, Thaf nothing herein contained Aft not to ex-fhal! extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any foreign corn, ^en^corn" meal, or flour, that (hall have been, or may hereafter be, im- ware-* ported and warehoufed in the manner, and on the conditions houfed, and mentioned in the before-mentioned aft in the thirty-firft year of nct taken out

hie nrpfpnt TV/fntpftv’c rpiern snrl thrill nnf hsv*3 hopn talrpn mil for home

See. liable to penalties of

his prefent Majesty’s reign, and (hall not have been taken out of such warehoufe for home confumption.

h 7  II.  Provided

confumption.

102 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 7. [1796,

His Majesty in \{m Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That it {hall and perm^t\hecar- may lavv’iu^ for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, with the rying coaft-  advice of his or their privy council, or by order in council, to

wife, &c.  permit the carrying coaftwife, or carrying out, or the exportation

coin, &c. for cf^ the feveral forts of corn, or other articles, as aforesaid, for mer^on^d^ or anY t^le PurP°^es mentioned in the laid two ads, parted the above in thirty-firft and thirty-third years of his prefent Majesty's ads;  reign, or either of them, in lilce manner, and in the fame pro-

portions and quantities, and from and to the fame ports and ^ places as is allowed by the faid two ads, or either of them, at such times as any of the feveral forts of corn,, or other articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, fubjedf to the like fecu-rities, conditions, regulations, and reftridtions, forfeitures, and penalties, as are by the faid two ads, or by either of them, in and the ex- any such cafe required and impofed i and alfo to permit, by limlted°nuana *Pec'al orc*cr or orders in council, the exportation of a limited tity to places quantity of any of the feveral forts of corn or other articles as in amity with aforesaid, from any port in Great Britain, to any country in his Majesty, Europe in amity with his Majesty, fouth of Cape Fuiifterre, fubjed fouthofCpe to such fecurity, conditions, regulations, and reftridions, as by erre. fucj1 order in council (hall be direded.

J1L And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Certain arti- That, from and after the expiration of the faid ad, and until imported G  expira^on  of  fix weeks from the commencement of the next

duty-free, feffion of parliament, it flial 1 and may be lawful to and for any from any perfon or per Tons whatever to import into Great Britain, from fTlf^or any l'ort or P^ace whatever, in any Britijb fhip or veil'd, or in vt He Is belong- anY othcr {hip or veffel belonging to perfons of any kingdom or ing to places ftate in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner in amity with whatever, any beans, called Kidney or French Beans> tares, lento® Majesty. ti)es>

callivancies, and all other forts of pulfej and alfo bulls, cows, oxen, calves, fheep, lambs, and fwine, beef, pork, mutton, veal, and lamb, whether falted or other wife, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, fago-powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and iour-ciout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the faid expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the faid next feftion of parliament; any thing in any ad or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority Entry to be aforesaid, That a due entry (hall be made of all such beans called Sdcles^witi? Sidney or French Beans, tares, lentiles,'callivancies, and all other the officer of *orts of pulle> and of such bulls, cows, oxen, calves, fheep, the cuftoms, Jambs, and fwine, beef,and pork, veal, mutton, and lamb, bacon, on penalty of hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, fago-powder, iorlciture. tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four-crout, that /hall be imported by virtue of this ad, with the proper officers of the cuftoms, at the port into which the fame {hall be imported ; and in default thereof, the fame {hall be forfeited, and

(hall

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 7.  1<^>3

(hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majesty *s cuftoms.

V. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Recovery and all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this a£t, (and  °

not herein otherwife fpecially dire&ed to be profecuted and recovered), (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, (hips, or veilels, forfeited for any offence againft the laws of cuftoms, may now be legally fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this a(hall be entitled to and receive such (hare of the produce arifing from the feizures as they are now by law entitled to upon profecutions of feizures for unlawful importation, and to such (hare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or compofition paid for any offence againft this a<ft, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon profecutions for pecuniary penalties.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe His Majeft y,.

his Majesty, at any time during the recefs of parliament, (hall  1>e-

judge it to be moft for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom men° n^^ia' to fufpend all or any of the provifions of this a£t, then it (hall and fufpend this may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and lucceffors, by a<5t.

■ffiis or their royal proclamation, to be iffued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty’s order in council, to be publifhed in the London Gazette fo to do.

VII.  And whereas certain quantities of wheat, or wheat flour,

or meal, have been imported in order to obtain the bounties granted by an aft paffed in the la ft fejjion of parliament, intituled., An a 61 for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importation, into Great Britain, of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal or rye, in Britijh (hips, or other (hips the property of perfons of any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the fame out of warehoufe for home confumption, but which having appeared upon infp eft ion and examination, according to the dir eft ions of the faid afty not to be fit for making bread, have not received any of the faid bounties: and whereas it is expedient that permiffion ft)ould be given for ufing the fame for other purpojes hot-withstanding any aft or afts of parliament now in free to the con- Commiffion-trary; be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the commif- ers of excite, fioners of excife, or the major part of them, in England and  ly

Scotland refpe£tively, at anytime on or before the firft day ofg^nt licence February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to grant for uiing

a licence or licences for ufing any such wheat, wheat flour, or wheat, &c. meal, in making ftarch, hair powder, or blue, or in diftillation  #

of low wines or fpirits, upon proof being made to their fatis- Under;}6Geo fadlion, upon oath or otherwife, that such wheat, wheat flour, 3. c. 21. or meal, had been fo imported, and upon inlpeSion and exa mi- found unfit for nation was deemed not nt for making bread ; and such licence or bread, in licences (hall be granted fubje£l to such regulations for preventing ftarch S&c fraud or abufe thereof as to the faid commiffioners, or the major or in diftilla*

H 4  part  tisn.

io4 Annoregni triqefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 8,9. [1796.

This aft may he altered or repealed this feiiion.

part of them refpedlively, (hall feem proper; any thing in any a61 or acls of parliament to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding.

V111.  And be it further enadted, That this a6l may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any adt or a6ts to be made in this prefent fcilion of parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An a<5t to continue for a limited time an a6l made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for permitting the importation of organzined thrown filk, flax, and flax feed, into this kingdom, in fhips or veflels belonging to any kingdom or date in amity with his Majesty. —[November u, 1796.]

CAP. IX.

An aCl for granting annuities to fatisfy Certain navy, victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bills. —[November 12, 1796.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TTJ E, your Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts the com-V V mons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, having taken into our ferious confideration the prefent date of the debt of your Majedy’s navy, and being defirous to make fome provi-fion towards fatisfadlion thereof, and of certain exchequer bills now outstanding, have refolved that all perfons intereded in or entitled unto certain bills, payable in the courfe of the navy, victualling, and tranfport offices, and alfo all perfons intereded in or entitled unto certain exchequer bills, fhould be entitled in relpcdt of the fame to such principal fums in annuities, as are herein-after mentioned, fubjecl to the provifions of this act: we your fvlajedy’s mod faithful commons do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadled; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content cf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. Navy, vi&u- That all perfons intereded in or entitled unto any bill or bills tr'nSort payable in the courfe of the navy, victualling or tranfport offices, bills made which were made out on or before the thirty-drd day of Decem-out on or ber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, who dial! on or beforeDec.3i. before the eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred to theTe?Lec- an<^ ninety-fix, carry the fame to the navy, victualling, or tranf-tive offices port offices refpectively, in order to have the intered due thereby Nov. ir, upon computed and marked up to the lixteenth day cf December *796, to have one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, fhall receive certifi-marke^there- carcs *rom treafurer of his Majedy’s navy, or from his on to Dec 16, paymader or cafhier, to the governor and company of the bank 1796, tore- of Englandr entitling the holders of such bills in refpedt of the ccive certifi- amount of the principal and intered computed thereupon, / at treafum-^of116 t^ie^r °Pt*on> to be. mentioned in such certificates, either to the the navy, to fum of one hundred and feventy-eight pounds eleven (hillings the bank, en- and five-pence capital flock in annuities, after the rate of three titling the  pounds

179^-1 Annoregni tricefono feptimoGeorgii III. c. 9.  105

pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day holders to of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, of to the *n tll<: fum of one hundred and thirty-eight pounds feventeen (hillings percent, at and nine-pence farthing, capital (lock in annuities, after the rate their option; of four pounds per centum per annumy to-commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and nineteen pounds and elevenpence farthing, capital flock, in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer fum: and that all perfons interefted and alfo such in or entitled unto any bill or bills payable in the courfe of the navy, vidlualling, or tranfport offices, which were made out after and* by * the thirty-firft day of December one thousand seven hundred and April 30, ninety-five, and on or before the thirtieth day of April one thou- 1796* fand (even hundred and ninety-fix, who (hall, on or before the faid eleventh day of November one thousand (even hundred and ninety-fix, carry the fame to the navy* victualling, and tranfport offices refpeCtively, in order to have the intereft due thereupon computed and marked up to the fixteenrh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, (hall receive certificates from the treafurer of his Majesty’s navy, or his paymafter or cafhier, to the governor and company of the bank of England\ entitling the holders of such laft mentioned bills, in refpeCt of the amount oi the principal and intereft computed thereupon, at their option to be mentioned in such laft-memioned certificates, either to the fum ot one hundred and feventy-lix pounds nineteen ihil-lings and nine-pence three farthings, capital flock in annuities, after the rate of three pounds^?* centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and thirty-seven pounds eighteen (hillings and feven-pence farthing capital flock in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Qdtober one thousand (even hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and eighteen pounds fix (hillings and ten-pence farthing capital frock in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence fiom the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for each one hundred pounds contained in such laft-mentioned certificates, and fo in proportion for anv greater or lefter fum : and. that all perfons interefied in or entitled unto an<j* ah"° ft10*1 any bill or bills payable in the courfe of the navy, victualling, or after April 30^ tranfport offices, which were made out after the thirtieth day of and by J Uly3 xl April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and on 011796* before the thirty-firft day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, who (hall, on or before the faid eleventh day of No-vember one thousand seven hundred, and ninety-fix, carry the fame to the navy, vidlualling, and tranfport offices refpeclively, in order to have the intereft thereupon1 computed and marked up to the fixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-

io6 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 9. [1796.

ninety-fix, {hall receive certificates from the treafurer of his Majedy’s navy, or his paymader or cafhier, to the governor and company of the bank of England, entitling the holders of such lad-mentioned bills in refpe-ft of the amount of the principal and intered computed thereupon, at their option, to be mentioned in such laft-mentioned certificates, either to the fum of one hundred and feventy-five pounds eight {hillings and nine-pence capital dock in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and thirty-fix pounds nineteen (hillings and eight-pence halfpenny capital dock in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and feventeen pounds twelve (hillings and eleven-pence farthing capital dock in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thbufand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for each one hundred pounds contained in such lad-mentioned certificates, and fo in proportion and alfo such for any greater or leffer fum : and that all perfons intereded in after^ufv °iUt or ent*^e^ unt0 any bill or bills payable in the courfe of the andfyr Oft!’ navy, victualling, or tranfport offices, which were made out after a7, 1796. the thirty-fird day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and on or before the twenty-feventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, who (hall, on or before the faid eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, carry the fame to the navy, victualling, and tranfport offices refpectively, in order to have the intered thereupon computed and marked up to the fixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, (hall receive certificates from the treafurer of his Majedy’s navy, or his paymader or cafhier, to the governor and company of the bank of England, entitling the holders of such laft-mentioned bills in refpect of the amount of the principal and intered computed thereupon, at their option to be mentioned in such lad-mentioned certificates, either to the fum of one hundred and feventy-three pounds eighteen {hillings and three-pence capital dock in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and thirty-fix pounds one (hilling and one penny capital dock in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and fixteen pounds nineteen (hillings and two-pence capital dock in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and fo in proportion for any Holders de- greater or leiler fum : and that all perfons interefted in or enti-Jivering such tje(j unt0 any such bills as aforesaid, (ball by delivering the

blfB div^of-  on Qr bef°re  eleventh day of November one thou-

*  fa  nH

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 9.  107

fand (even hundred and ninety-fix, into the faid offices refpec- frees to be tively, be deemed to have accepted of the aforefaid terms, and j^y™acce°ted they feverally (hall, and are hereby required at the fame time to terms^ note upon each bill, or upon each lift of bills, the option they and to note (hall make in purfuance of this a£f, with refpedt to the faid feve- upon them ral annuities; which faid fcveral annuities fhall be paid and pay- ^ °make able at the bank of England\ at the times and in the manner herein mentioned*

II. And be it further enabled, That every perfon interefted in Exchequer or entitled unto any exchequer bill or bills made out by virtue of an acl palled in the laft feftion of parliament, intituled. An adl ^6 Geo.V for enabling his Majejly to raife the fum of two millions five hundred c. 31. car-thousand pounds for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned, who (hall, hed to the on or before the faid eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, carry the fame to the office of the pay-  to  *

mafter of exchequer bills, in order to have the intereft thereupon have the in-computed up to the fixteenth day of December one thousand seven tereft marked hundred and ninety-fix, and marked upon th’e faid bills, (hall  ^

have in exchange for the fame from such paymafter, certificates t0 receive ^ * to the governor and company of the bank of England, entitling certificates to the holders of such exchequer bills, in refpedl of the amount of the bank en-the principal and intereft computed thereupon, at their option, ^^.5 to be mentioned in such laft-mentioned certificates, either to the £oci- m tjie fum of one hundred and feventy-fix pounds nineteen (hillings and 3I. 41. or 5I. nine-pence three farthings capital ftock in annuities, after the per cents at rate of three pounds per centum per annum> to commence from their °Ptl0n* the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and thirty-seven pounds eighteen (hillings and (even-pence farthing capital ftock in annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Ofiober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to the fum of one hundred and eighteen pounds fix (hillings and ten-pence farthing capital ftock in annuities, after the rate of live pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for each one hundred pounds contained in fuchlaft*mentioned certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter fum: and Delivery of that all perfons interefted in or entitled unto such exchequer bills deemed as aforefaid (hall, by delivering the fame, on or before the faid ceptance of eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and nine- the terms, ty-fix, into the faid office of paymafter of exchequer bills, be and the hol-deemed to have accepted of the aforefaid terms; and they feve- fher^on The* rally (hall, and are hereby required, at the fame time, to note option they upon each bill, or upon each lift of bills, the option they (hall make, make, in purfuance of this a£V> with refpecSt to the faid feveral annuities; which faid laft-mentioned annuities (hall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned.

III.  And be it further enafled, That if, before the paffing of ^ ^^e^avV^eci this a61, any navy, victualling, or tranfport bills, or any exche- before paffing quer bills, (hall have been delivered into the faid refpedive offices, this ad, the

the holders to ,



io8

make their option by Kov. ii, 1796.

Holders of navy, victualling, or tranfport bills, may deliver them to be marked.

Jntereft to be marked upon them before delivery to the treafurer of the navy, with a note of options.

Holders of exchequer bills may deliver them to be marked.

Jntereft to be marked thereon before delivery to the paymafter, with a note of options.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 9. [1796.

the perfon or perfons interefted in or entitled unto the fame, {hall, and they are hereby required, on or before the faid eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to make their option in writing, with refped to the faid feveral annuities in purfuance of this a£t.

IV.  And be it further enatfted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who fhall be poflefled of, interefted in, or entitled unto, any bill or bills, payable in courfe, out of his Majesty’s offices of the navy, victualling, or for tranfports, which were refpctStively made out in the faid refpedlive offices on or before the refpedVive times herein-before mentioned, to deliver such bill or bills to the proper officers of the faid offices refpec-tively to be maikcd, computed, and certified, in such manner as is herein-after mentioned, at any time on or before the faid eleventh day of November one, thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and at such place or places as fhall have been appointed by notice given in The London Gazette, and other publick papers for that purpose.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the intereft which fhall become due on the faid fixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for and in refpedt of the laid navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, fhall be computed and marked upon the faid bills, at the navy, victualling, and tranfport offices refpeCfively, before the fame are delivered to the treafurer of bis Majesty’s navy; and the proper officer and officers of his Majesty’s navy, victualling, and tranfport offices relpeClively, is and are hereby authorifed and required to compute and mark the intereft as aforesaid, upon every such bill which fhall be tendered to him or them for that purpose: and to tranf-mit the fame to the treafurer ofhis Majesty’s navy, together with a note of the options made by the refpe&ive perfons interefted in or entitled unto the fame.

VI.  And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall be poffieffed of, interefted in, or entitled unto, any exchequer bill or bills herein-before mentioned, to deliver such bill or bills to the proper officer in the office of the paymafter of exchequer bills, to be marked, computed, and certified, in such manner as is herein-after mentioned, at any time on or before the faid eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix ; and at such place as fhall have been appointed, by notice given in the London Gazette and other publick papers for that purpose; provided always, That the intereft which became due on the faid fixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for and in refpeCf of the faid exchequer bills, {hall be computed and marked upon the faid bills by the proper officer or officers at the office of the paymafter of exchequer bills, before the fame are delivered to the paymafter of exchequer bills j and the proper officers in the faid office are

hereby

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 9.  109

hereby authorifed and required to compute and mark the intereft: as aforesaid, upon every such bill which fhall be tendered to them for that purpose, and to deliver the fame to the faid treafurer, together with a note of the options made by the refpebtive perfons interested in or entitled unto the fame.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be

lawful to and for the proper officers of the navy, victualling, and tjie refpe<5tive tranfport offices refpe&ively, to take in and receive from all and offices, every perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who is, are, or {hall be poffefied of, interefted in, or entitled unto any such navy, victualling, or tranfport bills, all the faid bills which any such perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fhalJ, on or before the faid eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, deliver to such officers refpeClively, and to and for the proper officer or officers at the office of the paymafter of exchequer bills for the time being, to take in, and receive in like manner, all the faid exchequer bills which any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate,

{hall, on or before the faid eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, deliver to such officer or officers; and the faid treafurer of the navy, or his paymafter or Bills to be cafliier, and the faid paymafter of exchequer bills, are hereby certfficate^^ refpeCfively authorifed and required, upon receipt of any such oirtin bills, with the intereft thereupon marked and computed as afore- lieu of them, faid, to mark and cancel such bills refpeCtively, and make forth and fign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of the faid bills refpedfively, expreffing therein the options made in purfuance of this aft in refpecr thereof.

VIII.  And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon

and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who (hall deliver any entitled to such navy, victualling, or tranfport bill or bills as aforesaid, upon certain an-producing such certificates as are hereby directed to be made nuities ac-forth by the faid treafurer of the navy or paymafter of exchequer cording t.0 bills, in lieu of such refpective bills, {hall, for every fum of one * eir °Ptlon- • hundred pounds contained therein, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter fum, have and be entitled according to the option by him, her, or them, made, at the refpective offices as aforesaid, either to an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of O.ftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to an annuity after the rate of five pounds centum per annum, to commence from the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and to be paid or payable to such perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he,

{he, or they fhall appoint, his, her, or their executors, adminif-trators, fucceftors, or affigns refpebtively; which find annuities fhall be in lieu of all other intereft for or in refpedf of such bills, and fhall be payable half yearly, at the bank of England, at the moft ufual days of payment in the year for such refp'e&ive annuities,

no

Annuities to be personal eftate and tax free.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 9. [1796.

ties, that is to fay. The fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year, for and in refpedl of the faid feveral annuities, after the rate of three pounds^?* centum per annum, and of five pounds per centum per annum, and the tenth day of October^ and the fifth day of April in every year, for and in refpeft of the faid annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, the firft payment on the faid feveral annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of five pounds per centum per annum, to become due on the fifth day of January one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and on the faid annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to become due on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven; and that all perfons and corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their adminiftrators, fuccefiors, and afligns refpetfUvely, and all perfons and corporations, lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, fhall have good, lure, abfolute, and indefeazible eflates and interefls in the laid refpe&ive annuities, according to the true tenor and meaning of this adi, until the redemption thereof in the manner herein directed, and fhall be polTefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or otherwife, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding; and that all the faid annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever. be aid out of  ^urt^er  ena(^e^)  That  all the faid annuities

thereonfoli- °  be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the

dated fund, confolidated fund, after paying, or referving fufficient to pay, and the 5I. all such fums of money as have been diredfed by any former adb deemahle till* or a<^s Par^ament > an^ that the faid feveral annuities of three a certain por- Pounc^s per centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per ~ ' annum, (hall be fubjetft to redemption by parliament; and that the faid annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, (hall be irredeemable until twenty-five millions of the publick debt, bearing intereft after the rate of either three pounds per centum per annum, or four pounds per centum per annum, fhall have been redeemed and paid off.

X. And be it further enadted, That, upon the delivering in of such navy, victualling, or tranfport bills, to the paymafter of the navy, or of such exchequer bills to the paymafter of exchequer bills, by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, tereft, toDec. the treafurer of his Majesty’s navy, or his paymafter and cafhier, 16^1796, and the faid paymafter of exchequer bills, fhall, and they are ^^e^before ^1cre^y refpe&ively authorifed and required forthwith to give April29,1797, certificates, figned by them refpedfively, (as the cafe may re-and fhall be  quire), for the principal fum or fums contained in such refpedlive

free from  bi.ls, and alfo for the intereft which fhall have been computed

ftamp duty. and

marked as aforefaid to be due on the faid fixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to such perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or

Annuities to

tion of the 31. or 4I. per cents, be paid off.

Certificates to be given for the amount of bills with in

their afligns; and all such certificates (hall be

a fit gn able by indorfement

Ill

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 9.

indorfement thereupon made at any time before the twenty-ninth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer; and no such certificate or affignment thereupon fhall be charged with any ftamp duties whatever; and that the intereft fo computed and marked on every such bill fhall be added to the principal fum contained in every such bill refpecftively; and the amount of such principal and intereft, certified in manner before dire£led, fhall be the principal fums for which the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills, fhall be entitled, at his, her, or their option, to either of such capital flocks as aforesaid, after the refpedlive rates herein-before mentioned, for every one hundred pounds contained in such refpe£tive certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer fum, to be attended with the refpedlive annuities after the faid rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or of four pounds per centum per annum, or of five pounds per centum per annum, as herein-before mentioned.

XI.  And be it further enacfted, That if any infant or infants Guardians fhall have become entitled to any of the faid bills, in such cafe Jfp ^s^for the guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, of such infant or benefit of in-infants, fhall or may, and he, fhe, or they, is or are hereby fants. empowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver

up the fame to such treafurer of the navy, or to such paymafter of exchequer bills; and such infant or infants, upon such guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, delivering up such bill or bills, fhall be entitled to such certificates as aforesaid, and at the option of such guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, fhall alfo be entitled to either of the faid annuities as aforesaid, as fully as any other perfon or perfons whatever; and the faid guardian or guardians, truftee or truftees, fhall be difcharged from the fame, fo as the name of such infant or infants be exprefled in such certificate or certificates; any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That all per- Executors, Tons who, as executors, adminiftrators, truftees, committees of pveVTi^^bfns* ideots or lunatieks, or perfons of unfound mind, depofitaries or their pof-mortgagees, (hall be or become poftefled of, interefted in, or leffion, &c. entitled unto, any of the faid bills, fhall and may deliver up

fuch bills as they fhall be refpetfively poftefled of, interefted in, or entitled unto, in manner before diredled, to be cancelled and certified as aforefaid; and as to executors or adminiftrators, the capital flock of annuities which they fhall be refpe6lively entitled to in refpedl of the faid bills fo by them delivered up, and the dividends from time to time arifing therefrom, fhall be aflets in their hands in the fame manner as the faid bills were or would have been had they not been fo delivered up; and as to truftees, committees, depofitaries, and mortgagees, the capital flock of annuities which they fhall be refpe&ively entitled unto, for and in refpedl of such truft or mortgaged bills which they (hall deliver up as aforesaid, and the dividends from time to time arifing therefrom, fhall be fubjedl and liable to the fame trufts or equity of redemp^

tion

I 12

Bank to re -ceive certificates, and give credit in a book according to options made of ftock ;

and by Jan. 5, T798, to tranfmit a duplicate to the auditor of the exchequer.

Bank to ap-pointacafhier. and accompt-ant general.

Money to be ilfued at the exchequer, for payment of annuities:

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 9. [1796.

tion ns such bills were or would have been had they not been fo delivered up for such annuity as aforefaid.

Xin. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceilbrs, or such perfon or perfons as they fhall appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are hereby refpebtively authorifed and required to take in and receive all and every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the faid bills as -aforefaid in purfuanee of the directions of this adt; and upon the receipt of every such certificate fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in refpedt of every fum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates fo brought to him or them as aforesaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter fum, forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpose, for such of the refpebfive principal fums hereinbefore mentioned, in either of the faid annuities of three pounds per centum per annum, or of four pounds per centum per annum, or of five pounds per centum per annum, as the perfon or perfons bringing such certificates fhall have elected ; and the perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit such refpedtive principal fums (hall be entered in the faid book or books, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall and may have power to attign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the faid governor and company for the time being (hall alfo, on or before the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, tranfmit an at-tefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books firft herein-before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV. And for the more easy and Jure payment of the annuities eftablijhed by this adt^ it is hereby further enadled, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fueceflbrs, fhall from time to time appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firff: cafhier or cafhiers, and one other perfon or perfons, within the fame office, to be their accountant general; and that fo much of the monies from time to time being in the receipt of the exchequer of the faid confolidated fund) by this abb made applicable for that purpose, as (hall be fufficient to anfwer the faid annuities, fhall, by the order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpebbive days of payment in this adt appointed, be ifiued and paid at the faid receipt of the exchequer to the firft or chief cafhier or calhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 9*  113

ment of the faid annuities; and-that such cafhier or cafhiers, toc^»erto pa$ whom the faid monies (hall from time to time be iftued, llia]l^e^wlt oUt from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer.

XV.  And it is hereby alfo enafted, That the faid accountant

general for the time being, (hall from time to time infpeft famine the and examine all receipts and payments of the faid calhier or cafhiers cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent vouchers, any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XVI.  And be it further enafted, That all the monies con- ^der^hiT^3* verted into annuities after the rate of three pounds per ce?itum per a<^. t0 annum by virtue of this aft, or intended fo to be, (hall be deemed, added to the reputed, and taken, to be one capital or joint ftock, and fhall be 3b percents, added to and made part of the joint ftock of annuities transfer-

rable at the bank of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft after the rate of three poundsy>^r centum per annum, were by feveral a61s made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty third, years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fub-fequent a6ts confolidated, and (hall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjeft neverthelefs to the redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice, as in the faid aft made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majesty’s reign is direfted, in refpeft of the feveral and refpeftive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid aft; and that all and every perfort and perfons and corporations whatfoever in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they, (hall become entitled as afore-faid by virtue of this aft, fhall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint ftock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

XVII.  And be it further enafted, That all the monies con- 4b per cents, verted into annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per added t0 annum by virtue of this aft, or intended fo to be, fhall be deemed, cents. ^ reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint ftock, and fhall be

added to and made part of the joint flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft after the-rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were by two afts made in the twentieth and twenty-firft years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and by feveral fubfequent afts converted, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the faid afts are direfted in refpeft of the annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid afts, and that all and every p.erfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they, fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this aft, fhall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and fhare in the laid joint ftock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

XVIII.  And be it further enafted, That all the monies con- 5!* percents, verted into annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum pert(? be added to

Vcl, XLI.

I

annum

the 5I. per cents.



book to be kept for entering them.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 9. [1796.

annum by virtue of this aft, or intended fo to be., (hall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, and (hall be added to and made part of the joint (lock of annuities with, and (hall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner as the annuities carrying an intereft after the rate of five pound* per centum per annum, eftablifhed by the afts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, and thirty-fixth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, viftualling, and tranfport bills, and ordinance debentures: and that all and every perfon or perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, lhe, or they, (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this aft, (hall have or be deemed to have a proportional intereft and {hare in the faid (lock of annuities, at the rate aforefaid.

Transfers of XIX. And be it further enafted, That the faid refpeftive made8 ^ndV capitals or joint flocks or any fhare or intereft in either of them, and the proportional annuities attending the fame, (hall be affign-able and transferrable as this aft directs, and not otherwife ; and that there fhall conftantly be kept, in the office of the faid accountant general for the time being within the city of London, a book or books wherein all aflignments or transfers of the faid refpeftive capitals or joint flocks, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuities attending the lame, at the rate aforesaid, fhall be entered and regiftered, which entries fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and fhall be figned by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if any such party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies, thereunto lawful authorifed by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to beattefted by two or more credible witnefles; and that the perfon or perfons to whom any such transfer fhall be made, fhall refpeftively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of affigning or transferring the faid refpeftive capitals or joint (locks, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good and available in law, and that no flamp duties whatfoever fhall be charged on the faid transfers or any of them.

XX.  Provided always. That all perfons poflefled of any fhare or intereft in any of the faid feveral joint (locks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles, but that no payment (hall be made upon any such devife until fo much of the faid will as relates to such eftate, (hare, or intereft, be entered in the refpeftive offices; and that in default of such transfer or devife as aforesaid, such fhare, eftate, or intereft, fhall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns.

XXI.  And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fhall willingly aft or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates direfted to be made out by this aft, or any affignment thereof, or indorfement thereon,

or

No (lamp duties to be charged thereon.

Annuities may be de-vifed.

Penalty for forging certificates, See.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptinio Georgii 1IL c. 9*  115

or fhall alter any number, figure, or word, in any such certificate, or in any afiignment thereof, or indorfemfcnt thereof or utter or publifh as true any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, of altered certificate or certificates, or afiignment or affignments thereof, or indorfement or indorfements thereon, with intent to defraud his Majesty, or the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every such perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly adting or afiifting in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, uttering, or publifhing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty or felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXir. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, That Bank to coft-the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their potion till fucceflors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their annuities are own funds in purfuance of the acts for eftablifhing the fame, or redeemed, any of them, {hall continue a corporation for the purposes of this a£l, until all the faid annuities fhall be redeemed as aforefaid ; and the faid governor and company, or any member thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this a£i.

XXIII.  And it is hereby enabled. That no fee, reward, or Penalty for gratuity whatfoever, fhall be demanded or taken for computing for markfng and marking the intereft on the faid bills, or for, receiving, bills, granting taking in, or cancelling the faid bills, or any of them, or for grant- certificates, ing certificates in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, or for ifiuing the

monies for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this a£f, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this a6f, fhall for every offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVeJhninJhr, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reflraint, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

XXIV.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Treafury may commifiioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, now fo^em^to'ed being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com- in^xecuting;6 mifiioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall have power, this adt.

and they are hereby authorifed, out of the faid confolidated fund, to reward all such perfons as fhall be anyways employed in the execution of this aCt, for their fervice, pains, and labour; and alfo to defray such incident charges as fhall neceffarily attend the fame ; and alfo to fettle and appoint such allowances as they fhall think proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities made payable by this ad; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and trouble,

1 2  of

116 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. io. [1796.

of the faid accountant general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on or repofed in him by this a£l; all which allowances, to be made as aforefaid in refpedl of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXV.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or per-fons fhall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this a£l, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such perfon General iffue. or perfons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a ver-didl fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difcontinue his or their adlion, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againfl: him or them upon demurrer or Treble colls, otherwife, then such defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofls to him or them awarded againfl such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Preamble.

Every contributor of 100L entitled to a principal of nab ios.

In the 5 per cents, from 061.10,1797,

Contributors to pay their fubfcriptions -hyinftalments,

CAR X.

An att for raifmg the Jum of eighteen millions by zvay of annuities.— [December 23, 1796.]

Moll gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjddls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defirous to raife the neceffary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefly in this feffion of parliament, have re-lolved that the fum of eighteen millions be raifed by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore mofl humbly befeech your Majefly that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s mofl excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every contributor towards raifing the faid fum of eighteen millions fhall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal fum of one hundred and twelve pounds and ten (hillings, in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Ottober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and to be irredeemable, unlefs with the confent of the proprietors thereof, during the period herein limited, and fubjedl to be converted into the joint flock of three pounds per centum confolidated an« nuities, according to the provifions in this a61 contained.

II. And whereas feveral perfons have, in books opened at the bank 0/" England, for that purpose fubcribed together the whole of the faid fum of eighteen millions to be raifed by annuities; be it therefore enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the feveral perfons who have made such fubfcriptions, and he, (he, and they.

is



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii UI.c. io. 117

is a fid are hereby refpedtively required, on or before the thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to advance and pay to the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (which cafhier or cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and Receivers of such fubfcriptions, without any other warrant to be had in that, behalf),' ten pounds per centum on such fum as he, (he, or they fhall have fubfcribed towards raifing the faid fum of eighteen millions; and alfo to advance and pay unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the feveral ' remainders of the fums by them refpedtively fubfcribed towards the laid fum of eighteen millions, at or before the refpeclive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay). The further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the feventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-firft day of April then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centumy on or before the fecond day of June then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centumy on or before the twenty-firft day of July then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fifth day of Augujl then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centumy on or before the twenty-eighth day ©f September then next following ; and the remaining fum of fifteen pounds per centumy on or before the thirty-firft day of Oftober then next following.

III.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be law- Guardians ful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofition of the fubfcnbe money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards ad- orin an vancing the faid fum of eighteen millions, to be raifed by annuities

in manner aforefaid ; and such infant, upon the payment of such fums or fums fubfcribed by such guardian or truftee, fhall become a contributor within the meaning of this a£I, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpecl thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as. to the faid fums or fums fo advanced, is hereby difcharged, fo as the name of such infant be exprefled in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV.  And be it further ena£ted, That every contributor paying

in the whole of the fums by them refpedlively fubfcribed, or any part fubfc^pbons11 thereof, in refpedlof the faid fum of eighteen millions, at any time paid \n ad-before the thirteenth day oVJanuary one thousand seven hundred and vance. ninety-seven, fhall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance (hall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of paying the fame to the faid thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and that every contributor paying in the fum of twenty pounds, and no more, for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them refpe&ively fubfcribed, between the thirteenth day of January and the feventeenth day

*3  of

Annuities to be paid half-yearly, but not till fub-fcriptions are completed.

ix8 Annoregni tricefimofeptimo'Georoii III> c. io, [1796.

of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhali be entitled to an allowance in refpebt of one half of the fum fo paid in advance, as the intereft thereon fhalI amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of paying the fame to the faid feventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven 5 and that every contributor paying in the whole of the fums by them refpeblively fubfcribed, in refpedt of the faid fum of eighteen millions to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time between the feventeenth day of March and the twenty-eighth day of September one thousand seven hundred and. ninety-seven, fhali be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpebfively final 1 amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the fame to the thirty-firft day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven; which allowances are to be paid by the faid cafhier or cafhiers -out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this abf, as foon as such refpeeflive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftbrs, and aftigns, (hall have completed such refpebtive payments.

V.  And be it further enacted, That the feveral fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, arid aftigns, in refpebl of the faid fum of eighteen millions, fhali be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of five pounds per centum, in refpedl of the faid principal fum of one hundred and twelve pounds and ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them refpebfively advanced, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, until redemption in manner herein-after mentioned, which (hall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions ; (that is to fay), On the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Oblober in every year, but fhali not be payable until the refpebtive fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftbrs, or aftigns, fhali have completed the whole of the fums by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all and

paying the # every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their execu-whole or their J ... n '  ,  ,  n ,, ,  .  ,  .  ,

fubferiptions tcrs3 adminiftrators, and aftigns, who mall have paid into the

as herein fpe- hands of the faid cafhier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, or

cified,entitled their contribution money, on or before the fccorid day of April

*  one  thousand  seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhali be entitled

to have and receive, on the fifth day of April one thousand feven

hundred and ninety-seven, at the bank of England, the half-

year’s annuity, after the rate of five pounds per centum, that fhali

become due on the faid fifth day of April one thousand feven

hundred and ninety-seven ; and that all and every perfon or per-

fons who fhali have completed the whole of his, her, or their faid

payment or payments on or before the feventh day of October one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, final] be entitled on the

day next enfuing on which any dividend fhali become due by

y;rtue of this abf, to receive the half-year’s annuity, after the rate

of

Contributors

to annuities at certain periods.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 10.  119

of five pounds per centum, which by virtue of this aft ihall become due on such day refpeftively, or (hall have become due at any day preceding, and (hall not have been paid by virtue of this aft; and that all and every perfon or perfons who (hall not have completed the whole of their faid payments on or before the faid feventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall, on completing the fame within the time in this aft prefcribed, be then entitled to receive the whole of one year’s annuity by this aft granted, or to be granted, from the tenth day of October one thousand feveh hundred and ninety-fix, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

VII.  And be it further enafted. That the faid annuities fhall Annuities

be payable and paid at the bank of England, and (hall be charge- bank^out

able upon, and the fame are hereby charged upon, and made t^e conf0n_

payable, as they fhall refpeftively arile and grow due, out of the dated fund,

confolidated fund, and fhall be irredeemable until the expiration and irredeem-

of three years from the period at which the joint flock of annui* for acer-J.  .  nr  1  r  rJ  1  tain period,

ties, carrying an interett after the rate of nve pounds per centum unleft with

per annum, efhblifhed by certain afts of the twenty-fourth, the content of twenty-fifth, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, and thirty-fixth years of *he proprie-the reign of his prefent Majesty, for granting annuities to fatisfy tors* certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, fhall aftually be redeemed or paid off, or until the in-terefl or dividends now payable thereon fhall have been redeemed, unlefs with the confent of the proprietors of the annuities granted by virtue of this aft, the fame fhall be paid off, or converted into other annuities in purfuance of the provifions herein-after contained.

VIII.  And be it further enafted, That the feveral principal Annuities to fums in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per ^^ccrtain^ annum, fhall be paid off, redeemed, and fully difcharged, by peri0d. parliament at the expiration of three years from the period at

which the faid joint ftock of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, fhall aftually have been redeemed, or paid off, or the intereft or dividends thereon fhall have been redeemed, in purfuance of the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majeffcy’s reign.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That after Subfcribera two years from the end of the prefent war, and ratification

the definitive treaty of peace thereupon, at any period of fix applyto the months ending on the fifth day of April, or the tenth day of bank to have Ottober, -in any year, it fhall and may be lawful for any contri- their annuities butor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, Averted' ^ or alfigns, to make application to the governor and company of jnto other the bank of England, to have the faid annuities, after the rate annuities, of five pounds per centum, hereby granted, redeemed or paid otfi, or convened into other annuities, as herein-after is mentioned, at his, her, or their eleftion ; and that after fix months previous notice of such his, her, or their intention, the faid annuities fhall be redeemed and paid off3 or converted into such annuities accordingly.

1  4  X. And

the rate of 13*1. 6s. 8d. per cept.

120 Anno regni tricefimo fcptimo Georgii III. c. io. [1796.

When re- X. And be it further enadted, That whenever the faid annui-

fubibri^ers t,es,> a^ter ^ rate ^ve Poun(^s Per centumi hereby granted, may apply to  become  redeemable,  either  by  the redemption of the faid

have their an- joint (lock of annuities, at the rate of five pounds per centum, in nuities paid off manner before mentioned, or by notice from the refpecffive con-

in money or tributors as aforesaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the relpedtive converted in-  .  *  J  ,  r

to 3I. per cent, contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminffirators, file-

annuities, at ceffors, or affigns, to eledt to have the fame paid off in ready money, in which cafe the principal fums in such annuities, at the rate of one hundred and twelve pounds and ten (billings for every one hundred pounds by them refpedtively fubferibed towards raifingthe faid fum of eighteen millions, (hall be paid off in money, with all dividends then due thereon; or at his, her, or their election, to have the principal fums in such annuities converted into other annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in which cafe every contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or aiTigns, fhall, for every one hundred pounds of the principal fums in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum as aforesaid, be entitled to the principal fum of one hundred and thirty.three pounds fix (hillings and eight-pence in confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum^ according to the provifions in this a£f contained.

XI. Andr, for the more easy and fure payment of all the feveral annuities efablijhed by this aft> be it further enacted, That the

Bank to ap-

and accountant general, and the trea-fury to order money to be iffued to the caffiier for payment of the annuities.

governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, fhall from time to time, until all the faid annuities (hall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firft cafbier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their accountant general ; and that fo much of the monies by this a£t appropriated for the purpose, as (hall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the faid feveral and refpetlive annuities, and other payments, herein directed to be made out of the faid monies, (hall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedtive days of payment in this adl: appointed for payment thereof, and when and as the fame fhall 2rife, be iffued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid firlt or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faid (everal and refpedlive annuities payable by virtue of this act ; and that such cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money (hall from time to time be ilfued, (hall from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer; and that the faid accountant general for the time being fhall from time to time infpedt and examine p.11 receipts and payments of the faid 2  '  cafhier

179^*1 Anno regni tricefitTio feptimo Ge'orgii III. c. io. 121

cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XII.  And be it further enacted, That the cafhier or cafhiers Cafhier to give of the governor and company of the bank of England, who {hall receipts i°i have received, or fhall receive, such part of the faid contribu- which may be tions towards the faid fum of eighteen millions, as is herein-be- afligned with-fore required to be advanced and paid on or b'efore the faid ip certain pe-feventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- rioc*s* feven, fhall, on the faid feventeenth day of March one thousand

feven hundred and ninety-seven, give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such fums; and {hall alfo give a receipt or receipts to every such contributor who fhall at any time have paid, or fhall pay, the fum of twenty pounds per centum on the fum by him fubferibed ; and that the refpedtive receipts to be given fhall be affignable, by indorfementthereupon made, at any time after the faid feventeenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and before the twenty-feventh day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer: provided always, That such cafhier or  ftcuritv

cafhiers fhall give fecurity to the good'liking of any three or  to pay the

more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer money he refer the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the re- ceives into the ceipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the publick ufe, all the €xc^ieclllei• monies which they have already received, and fhall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of eighteen millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the trufi: hereby in them repofed, and fhall from time to time pay all such monies as foon as he or they fhall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days* afterwards at the fartheft, into and fhall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, deducing thereout such fums as fhall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this a£t, for which fums fo paid allowance fhall be made in his or their accounts.

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That in the office of the A book to be accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of Accountant England for the time being, a book or books fhall be provided general’s of-artd kept, in which the names of the contributors fhall be fairly fice, for en-entered ; which book or books the faid refpe£tive contributors, termg contn-their refpedtive executors, adminiffrators, fucceffors, and affigns, ^^plicate65* fhall and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times. Whereof to be refort to and infpedt without any fee or charge; and that the tranfmitted to faid accountant general fhall, on or before the fifth day of July tJie auditor of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, tranfmit an at- l!ferX° tefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or i

books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV.  And be it further enacted, That such contributors. Contributors duly paying the whole fum fo fubferibed at or before the refpec- fheir fubfenr -tive times in this act limited in that behalf, and their rclpediivc tions, entitled executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, fhall have, to annuities

receive, tax-free.

Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, for- ' icited.

receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this a ft to have, receive, and enjoy, the faid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum, by this aft granted in refpeft of the fum fo fubfcribed, until redemption thereof; and alfo at his, her, or their option (hall be entitled to convert the fame for such proportionate annuity as aforesaid, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and from thenceforth fhall have, receive, and enjoy, the faid annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, until redemption by parliament, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feffion . of parliament for payment thereof, and (hall have good and fure interefts and effates therein, according to the feveral provifions in this aft contained, as well in refpeft of the faid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, hereby granted, as of the faid other annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, when and as the fame fhall arife, payable and transferable at the bank of England; and that the faid feveral annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

XV.  And be it further enafted, That in cafe any such contributors who fhall pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers any fum or fums of money at the times, and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums fo by them refpeftively fubfcribed, or their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-fors, or affigns, fhall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubfcribed at the times, and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such cafe, fo much of the refpeftive fum or fums fo fubfcribed as fhall have been aftually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; and all right and title to the faid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, in refpeft thereof, and alfo all power of redeeming the fame fhall be extinguifhed ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XVI.  And be it further enabled. That as foon as any contributors, their executors, administrators, fucceffors, or affigns, fhall have completed their payments of the whole fum payable by

betransferrccl. them refpeftively towards the faid fum of eighteen millions, the principal fum or fums to which they fhall be entitled refpeftively, fhall forthwith be in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such refpeftive contributors, their executors, administrators, fuccefTors, and affigns, completing such payments reSpedlively, and the perfons to whose credit Such principal Sums Shall be fo refpecftively placed, their refpecftive executors, administrators, fuccefTors, and affigns, fhall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, Share, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such fums fhall carry an annuity, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable in manner herein mentioned, and fhall be taken and deemed to be ftock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, until redemption

of

As foon as fubfcrrptions are completed, they may

123

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo(eptimoGeorgii III. c. 10,

of the faid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per mnuj7iy in such manner as is herein mentioned.

XVII.  And be it further ena£fed, That all perfons who fhal]

be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refpedl ofpCr^ona] the faid eighteen millions; and all perfons lawfully claiming un- eftate. der them, fhall be pofielTed thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife ; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be yre^urJ lawful for three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury, or ^oney paid the high treafurer for the time being, to iftue and apply from into the extime to time all suchTurns of money as fhall be fo paid into the chequer, receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the faid cafhier or cafhiers,

to such fervices as fhall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XIX.  And be it further enadled, That books fhall be con-Accountant ftantly kept by the faid accountant general for the time being, ^er^0^s wherein aftignments or transfers of all annuities in refpedft of the for entering fums advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of eighteen transfers, millions, fhall be entered and regiftered ; which entry (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and fhall be figned

by the parties making such aftignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their refpeftive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles ; and that the feveral perfons to whom such transfers fhall be made, (hall refpe&ively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aftigning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available in law: provided always, That all Stock may be perfons pofielTed of any (hare or intereft in either of the faid deviled, flocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles ; but that no payment fhall be made upon any such devife, until fo much of the faid will as relates to such fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid refpedtive annuities be entered in the faid office ; and that in default of such transfer or devife, such fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the laid (locks of annuities, fhall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns ; Transfers not and that no .(lamp duties whatfoever (hall be charged on any of}iable to (tamp the faid transfers; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-(iuties* handing.

XX Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That out of Treafury may the monies arifing from the contributions towards railing the defray inci-faid fum of eighteen millions by annuities, any three or more °f peaces mit the commifiioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the of contribu-rime being, fhall have power to difebarge all such incident tions, and charges as fhall neceflarily attend the execution of this adl, in dlow falaries such manner as to them fhall -Teem juft and reafonablej and alfo ^account-to fettle and appoint such allowances as fhall be thought proper ant general/

for

 GoOglC

Contributors converting their 5I. per cent, annuities into 3I. per cents, to have their principals

124 Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 1IL c* 10. [1796.

for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid cafhier or caftfiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions; and alfo {ball have power to make, out of the confolickted fund, such further allowances as {hail be judged reafonable for the fer-vice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiv-ing, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this aft; anctalfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this aft; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in refpeft of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their cpf* pofal only.

XXI. And be it further enafted. That as foon as any contributor, his, her, or their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fuc-cefi'ors, or affigns, {hall have converted any of the faid annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum, into confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, the principal fum or fums to which they fhall be entitled refpeftively in the faid placecTto their confolidated annuities, {hall forthwith be in other books of the credits at the bank of England, placed to the credit of such refpeftive contribu-fe^'addeo° tors> t^eir executors<> adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns ; and the joint (tack ^ie f^d annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, fhall of 31, per  be added to the joint ftock of annuities transferable at the bank

cents.  of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft:

after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by feveral afts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent afts confoliated, and {hall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, and fhall be payable half-yearly, in equal portions, at such days and times as the faid joint dock of annuities are by law payable, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the faid aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majesty’s reign, is direfted, in refpeft of the feveral and refpeftive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid aft; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he* fhe, or they, fhall become entitled as aforesaid, by virtue of this aft, fhall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intefeft and fihare in the faid joint ftock of annuities, at the rates aforefaid. Perfons coim- XXII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon. or tei ei ing re-^ perpons {liaji forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged

ceipts for contributions, &zc. guilty o-f felony.

or counterfeited, or {hall willingly aft: or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of eighteen millions, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto,or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or fhall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or pub-iiih, as true, any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered

receipt



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 10.  125

receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every such perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or afiifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publi(hing as aforesaid, being thereof convifted in due form of law, Shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hail Suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That Bank to contU the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and

their fucceflors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of annuities their funds, in purfuance of the afts for eftablifhing the fame, or hereby graat-any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the purposes of this ed ceafe. a£1, until all the annuities by this aft granted (hall be redeemed by parliament as aforefaid ; and that the Said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

XXIV.  And be it further enafted, That no fee, reward, or

gratuity whatfoever, Shall be demanded or taken of any of his ce^v;nq. conJ" Majesty’s Subjects, for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription tributions, or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or

oerning; the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, transferring

^ o  1  r/o  7  / # * annuities on

or for any transfer of any Sum, great or Small, to be made in pur- pcnaity oFaol.

fuance of this aft, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending,1

by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, Shall

for every such offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty pounds to the

party aggrieved, with full cofts of Suit, to be recovered by aftion

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefly’s courts

of record atWeJhninfier, wherein no effoin, proteftion, privilege,

or wager of law, injunftion or order of reflraint, or any more

than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

XXV.  And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or perfons feif°ns Shall be Sued, molelled, or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, such perfon or perfons (hall and b may plead the general ifiue, and give this aft and the Special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and

if afterwards a verdift Shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall discontinue his, her or their aftion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againfthim, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then such defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him, Treble code, her, or them, againft any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVI.  And be it further enafted, That in cafe the com- Previous to

mifiioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, treatin'97* now or for the time being, or the high treafurer for the time ^ay being, (hall judge it advifeable to raife any Sum not exceeding exchequer the Sum of five millions, at any time previous to the thirty-firll bills to the day of Qflober one thousand Seven hundred and ninety-seven, on  to

the credit of the aid and Supply by this aft granted, it (hall be nude out

and

 CjOO^Ic

T 20

on the credit of this adt, according to the malt adt

Anno regni trjeefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, io. [1796.

and may be lawful for the faid commi(boners and the lord high treafurer reflectively* at any time or times before the faid thirty— fir ft day of Otfober, to prepare or make, or caufe to be, prepared of this feffiun. or made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, not exceeding in exchequer bills current at the fame time, the fum of five millions, in the fame or like manner, form and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions (except where other directions for making out the fame are contained and particularly exprefled in this adt) as in and by an a£t of this prefent feftion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting ta his Majefly certain duties upon, malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety feven, are enadled and prelcribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid a£t.

XXVII.  And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities contained in the faid laft mentioned adt relating to the exchequer bills authorifed to be made by the faid adf, (except as herein mentioned), (hall be applied and extended to tlie exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this acl, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the faid laft mentioned adl, or as if the faid Several provifoes and claufes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this adr.

XXVIII.  And be it further enabled, That the exchequer bills to be made out in purfuance of this a<St, (hall and may bear an

in bereft0 amT ° ,ntereft not exceeding the rate of three-pence halfpenny per centum to be receiv- Pdr diem, upon or in refpebl of the whole of the monies refpec-able for taxes, tively contained therein ; and that all such exchequer bills (hall or in Raiments be receivable as money in payment for any publick taxes to the Monthalters6 receTt °f any branch of the revenue, at any time after the expi-date. ’ ration of three months from the date of every such bill lefpebffvely;

and (ball alfo be receivable as money in any inftalment of the loan of eighteen millions to be raifed by virtue of this abf, which (hall become payable after the expiration of three months from the date of every such bill refpeblively; and that no exchequer bills Shall be iffued on the whole, receivable in any one inftalment, to a greater amount than the fum which (ball remain due on account of such inftalment, at the time of the iflue of any such exchequer bill refpeclively.

XXIX.  And be it further ena<5ted, That all and every the faid exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this a<ft, when and as the fame (ball become payable, (ball and may be received, and taken by the faid ca(hier or cafhiers at the bank of England from any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, making

receive uiaii,  J  c  c  c

and pay them any Payments there for or upon account of any part of the into the ex- faid Sum of eighteen millions; and the faid ca(hier or caftiiers (hall, upon receipt of any such exchequer bills in payment as aforesaid, compute and mark the intereft due on such bills re-fpedively, and the amount of the principal contained in fuch

bills*

Provi(ions of malt adt relating to exchequer bills to extend to those made under this adt.

Bills under this adt to

Cafhier of the bank to receive hills, and mark thereon the intereft, and receive them,

chequer as cadi.

1796.] Anno regni -tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 11, 12. 127

bills,and the intereft computed and marked thereon, as aforesaid,

(hall allow, and receive the fame as ready money, and fhall pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer as ca(h, on account of the faid fum of eighteen millions to be raifed by virtue of this act; and in cafe any such cafhier or cafhiers (hall refufe or neg- An action le<5l to receive any such bill or bills, and to allow the principal may be and intereft thereupon, to be computed and marked as aforesaid, as ready Inoney in payment on account of the faid fum of eigh- for refufing teen millions, then the perfon delivering the fame may bring an to receive adlion on the cafe for the damages fuftained thereby; and the bills, &c. plaintiff in every such adfion may recover his full damages fuftained thereby, with full cofts of fuit; in which action no effoin, privilege, or more than one imparlance, (ball be allowed.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Bills not to be exchequer bill to be made forth by virtue of this adt, (hall be paid, received, or taken by, or pafs or be current with, any colledtor at the exciie-or receiver of any revenue, aid, fupply, or tax whatever, payable qUer, but in to his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccedors, or at the receipt of the courfe of exchequer, from any such receiver or colledtor, or from any payment, other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, (otherwife or any other account than for the difeharging and cancelling of (uch exchequer bill, in cafe the fame fhall be in due courfe or order of payment); nor fhali any adtion be maintained againfl: any such colledtor or receiver, for negledting or refuling to receive any such exchequer bill, nor againfl any officer of the receipt of die exchequer, for negledting or refufing to receive the fame before the day on which the fame fhall be made payable in purfuance of this adt.

CAP. XI.

An adt to indemnify such perfons as have omitted to qualify themfclveu for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations and borough towns, whole admiffions have been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or having been damped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly damped ; to give further time to such perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folici-tors ; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negle£ted to tranfmit deferiptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.—[December 23, 1796.]

CAP. XII.

An to continue feveral a&s, made in the thirty-fifth and thirty-fixth years of his prefent Majesty’s reign, refpetfting the admiffion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral fhips, and the iffuing of orders in council for that purpose for a limited time.—[December 23, 1796.]

A&s 35 Geo. 3.c« 15.—35 Geo. 3. c. 80.—36 Geo. 3.C. 76 continued until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament.

CAP.

128 Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 13,14, [1796.

CAP. XIII.

An a<ft to enable the company of proprietors of the Dudley canal navigation, to raife a further fum of money for completing the fait! navigation ; and for amending the feveral adts relating thereto.—[December *3j j 796-]

Adts 16, 25, 30, and 33 Geo. 3. recited. Company may borrow 4o3oool.

more.

Preamble.

Duties in fchedule (A) to be levied, and drawbacks in fchedule (B) allowed.

Commence' ment of duties.

Duties to be under the management of the commif-lioners of excife in England and

CAP. XIV.

An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excife on auctions, bricks, cocoa nuts, Britlfh and foreign fpirits, and tea. —[December 28, 1796.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afTembled, towards railing the necefiary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the pub-lick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the feveral new and additional rates and duties of excife herein refpectively mentioned: and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon the feveral goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, mentioned and defcribed in the fchedule marked (A), hereunto annexed, the feveral fums of money and duties of excife, as they are refpedtively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in, the laid fchedule; and that there fhall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in refpect of goods, wares, merchandize, .and commodities, for or in refpedt whereof any duty of excife is by this act impofed, to the feveral perfons entitled to the fame, the feveral drawbacks of excife as the fame are alfo refpedtively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the fchedule, marked (B), hereunto annexed; and alfo all such fpecial allowances as are particularly diredted by any adt or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the pafting of this adt; and the fame refpedtively fhall commence and take effedt from the refpedtive days mentioned in the faid fchedules, in cafes where fpecial dates are inferted therein, and in cafes where no such date is inferted, from the day on which this adt fhall receive the royal aflent.

II.  And be it further pnadted, That such of the duties of excife by this adt impofed, as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called England, fhall be under the management of the commiftioners of excife in England for the time being; and such thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

fhall

1796*] Anno regni tricefirno feptimo Georgii III, c. 14.  129

fhall be under the management of the commi/fioners of excife in Scotland re-Scotlandior the time being; and (hall be accounted for, cleared *pedively. off, paid, fatisfied, and difcharged by the perfon and perfons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, payment, fatisfadion, or difcharge thereof, at such time and times, and in such manner, as the duties of excife chargeable upon the like goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpecVively, or upon any perfon or perfons for or in refped thereof, were by any ad or ads of parliament in force immediately before the pafling of this ad, to be accounted-for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied, or difcharged,

III.  And whereas, contracts or agreements may have been made before the J'aid feventh day tf/'December one thousand [even hundred and ninety-fix, by importers or dealers in foreign fpirits, and by dif-tillers and makers offpirits, for such fpirits refpedively in be delivered after the faid feventh day /?/" December one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-fix; be it therefore enaded. That such importers or Where con-dealers, and such diftillers and makers, refpedively delivering tra(^s such fpirits after the faid feventh day of December one thousand fore Dec. feyen hundred and ninety-fix, in purfuance of such contrads, 1796, for de« (hall be allowed to add fo much money as will be equivalent to livery of fpi-the duties by this ad impofed for or in refped of such fpirits re-f^edivelv, to the price thereof, and (hall be entitled by virtue of be ^ed tnis ad to be paid for the fame accordingly.  to the price.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That the faid feveral fums of Duties and

money refpedively inferred, deferihed, and fet forth in the faid drawbacks to fchedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), as the duties of excife;  anc*

and the drawbacks of the duties of excife fet forth in the  aCCOrding to,

fchedule, marked (B), upon the feveral goods, wares, merchan- and the goods, dizes, or commodities inferted therein, fhall and may be re- See. to be fub-fpediveiy railed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in such and the like manner, °

and in or by any or either of the general means, ways, or methods by which the former duties of excife refpedively, and drawbacks of duties of excife refpedively, or by any or either of the fpecial means, ways, or methods refpedively by which the former duties of excise refpedively, and drawbacks of duties of excife refpedively upon goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities of the fame forts or kinds refpedively, were or might be raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed ; and the goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities fo by this ad refpedively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of excife, or fo entitled to drawbacks of duties of excife, as refpedively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in the faid fchedules hereunto annexed, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjed to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reflridions, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities in general, and alfo all and every the fpecial conditions, rules, regulations, reflridions, and forfeitures refpedively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandizes refpedively were fubjed and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Vol. XLI.  K  ad

130 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1796.

refpc&ing the duties of excife ; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, as well pains of death, as others, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any a£l or a<5Is of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this adt, made for fecuring the revenue of excife, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the feveral claufes, powers, and dir jdiions therein contained, fhall and are hereby diredled and declaVed to extend to, and fhall be refpedlively applied, pradliled, and put in execution for and in reipcdt of the feveral duties of excife, and drawbacks of duties of excife hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the faid a<5fs, claufes, provifions, powers, dire&ions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures were particularly repeated, and re-enadted in the body of this adh

V.  And be it further enadled, That in all cafes where duties are impofed, or drawbacks allowed by this adf, on any fpecifick quantity of goods, wares or merchandize, the fame fhall in every cafe be underftood and deemed and taken to apply in the fame proportion, and after the fame rate, to any greater or lefs quantity than such fpecifick quantity.

V I. And be it further enadled, That all the money arifing by the duties by this adt impofed (the necefl'ary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall from time to time be paid receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at IVejhninjler\ and monies fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That all the monies arifing, or to arife, by the faid rates and duties, or any of them, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for fraying thein- the purpose of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any created charge ]oan ,ma(]e, or flock created or to be created by virtue of any a61 any^oarfot ^ or a<^s Pa^ec^ or'to be parted, in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next en-fuing, be paid into the faid receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at JVeJiminJltr, diftindlly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties, granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying luch increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefly, his heirs or fuccefibrs, upon any account whatever.

Duties and drawbacks on fpecifick quantities, to apply proportionally to greater or lets quantities.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to into the confolidated the faid rund,

and deemed an addition to the revenue for de-

tius lefiion.

SCHEDULES

 Dogle

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 14.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

(A.)

AUCTION.

s. do

FOR every twenty (hillings of the purchafe money which fhall arife or be payable by virtue of any fale at audion in Great Britain, of any intereft in pofleflion, or reverlion in any freehold, copyhold, or leafehold lands, tenements, houfes, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or fums of monies charged thereon, and of any uten«* fils in hufbandry, and farming ftocks, (hips, and veflels, and of any reverfionary intereftin thepublick funds, and of any plate or jewels, to be paid by the audioneer, agent, fador, or feller, by commiffion  —  —  —  o

For every twenty (hillings of the purchafe money which (hall arife or be payable by virtue of any fale at audion in Great Britain, of furniture, fixtures, pidures, books, horfes, and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatfoever, to be paid by the audioneer, agent, fador, or feller, by com million —  —  —03

BRICKS.

For every thousand of bricks which (hall be made in Great Britain  —■  — — — 1  q

COCOA NUTS.

For every pound weight avoirdupoife of cocoa nuts, of the growth or produce of any Britijh colony or plantation in America, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, and delivered out of the warehoufe in which the fame (hall be lodged under the care and cuftody of the proper officers for fecuring the duties payable thereon for home confumption, or which having been imported into Great Britain, (hall be delivered, or fhall have been fo delivered, after the feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, out of the warehoufe in which the fame fhall have been fo lodged, a duty of o 9 For every pound weight avoirdupoife of cocoa nuts, of the growth or produce of any other place which (hall be imported into Great Britain, and delivered out of the warehoufe in which the fame (hall be lodged under the care and cuftody of the proper officers for fecuring the duties payable thereon for home confumption, or which, having been imported into Great Britain, Il>all be fo delivered, or (hall have been fo delivered, alter the faid feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, out of the warehoufe in which the fame (hall have been fo lodged, a duty of  —  —  26

K2  SPIRITS*

 * oO(

13 *

>gle

i32

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1796.

SPIRITS.

s. d.

For every gallon of fermented wort or walh which fhall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England^ for extracting fpirits for home comfump-tion, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, or which fhall ,have been fo brewed or made, and which (hall not have been actually diHilled into fpirits on or before the ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix  —  0  1

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wafh, or liquor which (hall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from any fort or kind of Britijh materials (except such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, or which fhall have been fo brewed or made, and which fhall not have been actually diftilled into fpirits on or before the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix  —  —  —  —  0  1

For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh which fhall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, or which fhall have been fo brewed or made, and which fhall not have been actually diltilled into fpirits on or before the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix  —-  —-  — ° I-

For every gallon of wafh which fhall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from " foreign refuted wine, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials (except melaftes and fugar), or any mixiure therewith for extracting fpirits for home confumption, or which (hall have, been fo brewed or made, and which (hall not have been aCtually diftilled into fpirits on or before the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred amd ninety-fix  —  02

For every nine tv-fix gallons of wafh which fir William Bijhop, AigJes Bijbop, and George BiJbop% or the fnrvivors or furvivor of them, fhall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, or which by them, or the furvivurs or furvivor of them, fhall have been fo produced, and which fhall not have been actually diftilled into fpirits on or before the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix 2  8

For every gallon, EtigUfo wine meafure, of fpirits of a ftrength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which fhall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland> and imported or

brought

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 14.  133

s. d.

brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England\ or which {hall have been fo made or manufactured, and which (hall have been fo imported or brought after the ninth day of December one thoul’and seven hundred and nin^ty-bx, or which fhall be fo imported or brought  —  —  —  0  5z

For every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of such fpirits which fhall have been imported or brought from that part of Great Britain called Scotland> into that part of Great Britain called England, and which (hall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or which fhall be found in any fhip or veffel in which the fame fhall have been fo imported or brought, or in any lighter, boat, or other veffel, after the unfhipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which fhall not actually have been charged with any duty by this a<£t impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand, an excife duty of  —  —  —  —  05*

For every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of such fpirits of a greater ftrength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, which fhall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, or which {hall have been fo made or manufactured, and which {hall have been fo imported or brought after the faid ninth day of December, or which (hall be imported or brought, an additional duty in proportion to the fur-plus ftrength.

For every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of such fpirits of a greater ftrength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, which {hall have been imported or brought from that part ol Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England,, and which (hall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or which fhall be found in any (hip or veffel in which the fame (hall have been fo imported or brought, or in any lighter, boat, or other vellel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which {ball not actually have been charged with any duty by this a£t impofed, an additional duty in proportion to the furplus ftrength, to be paid by

K 3  the

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1796.

the importer or proprietor, as the cafe may require, upon demand.

For every gallon pf fingle brandy which (hall be imported into Great Britain, or which (hall have been fo imported, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof —  0  10

For every gallon of fingle brandy which (hall have been imported into Great Britain, and which fhall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or which fhall be found in any {hip or veffel in which the fame fhall have been imported, or in any lighter, boar, or other veffel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or ether place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which fhall not a&ually have been charged with any duty by this a61 impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand  ~  —  —  o  jq

For every gallon of brandy above proof, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, or which fhall have been fo imported after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to be paid by the importer, before.the landing thereof  —  I  8

For every gallon of brandy above proof which fhall have been imported into Great Britain, and which fhall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or which fhall be found in any {hip or veffel in which the fame fhall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veffel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which fhall not a&ually have been charged with any duty by this a<ft impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand  —  —  I  8

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or Aqua Vita, of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, or which fhall have been fo imported after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof  o  8

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or Aqua Vita, of the . produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations which fhall have been imported into Great Britain, and which fhall have been, after the faid ninth dav of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or which fhall be found in any fhip or veffel in which the fame (hall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veffel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or

upoa

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 14.  135

x. d.

iipon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which fhall not aftually have been charged with any duty by this aft impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand  —  —  08

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or Aqua Vita, above proof, of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, or which (hall have been fo imported after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof  —  —  —  1  4

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or Aqua Vita, above proof, of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which fhall have been imported into Great Britain, and which fhall have been, after the fy\d ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or which fhall be found in any (hip or vefTel in which the fame fhall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veffel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which fhall not aftually have been charged with any duty by this aft impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand  —  14

For every gallon of rum or fpirits, of the produce of the Britijh plantations, which fhall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or which fhall be in any warehoufe in which the fame (hall have been put, fubjeft and according to the rules, regulations, reftrictions, and provifions, contained and provided in an aft, made in ihe fifteenth year ' of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, concerning the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britijh fugar plantations, before payment of the duties ofexcife, and lodging the fame in warehoufes^ and Which fhall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or (hall be delivered out of any such warehoufe or warehoufes refpec-tively, for home confumption, and which fhall not aftually have been charged with any duty by this aft impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor, as the cafe may require, upon demand  —  o  2

For every gallon of rum or fpirits above proof, of the produce of the Britijh plantations, which fhall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or fhall be in any such wate-houfe, and which fhall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or (hall be delivered out of any such warehoufe for K 4  home

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1796.

j. d.

home confumption, and which fhall not actually have been charged with any duty by this a6l impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand, a duty of  —  1  4

For every gallon of fingle fpirits or Aqua Vita (other than such brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid), which fhall be imported into Great Britain, or which (hall have been imported after the laid ninth day of Dece?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof —  0  10

For every gallon of fingle fpirits or Aqua Vita (other than such brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid), which fhall have been imported into Great Britain, and which fhall have been, after the faid ninth day of December one thou* fand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or fhall be found in any fhip or veffel in which the fame fhall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veffel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which fhall not actually have been charged with any duty by this a£f impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand  —  —  o  10

For every gallon of fpirits or Aqua P*ita (other than such brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid), above proof, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, or which fhall have been fo imported after the faid ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to be paid by the importer, before the landing thereof  1  8

For every gallon of fpirits or Aqua Vita (other than such brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid), above proof, which fhall have been imported into Great Britain, and which fhall have been, after the faid ninth day o{December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or fhall be found in any fhip;or veffel in which the fame fhall have been imported, or iq any lighter, boat, or other veffel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the fuft landing thereof, and which fhall not actually have been charged with any duty by this a61 impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand  —  —  I  3

TEA.

For and upon 2II tea which fhall be fold at the fales of the united company of merchants of England., trading to the EqJI Indies, for two (hillings and fixpence per pound weight* or upwards, after the feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, ten pounds per centum, to be computed upon the grofs prices at vihich such tea fhall be fold, to be paid by the purchafers

of

 

137

1796.] Anno regni tticefimo feptimo Georgii III c. 15. of such tea to the faid united company, and to be paid by the faid united company to the commiflioners of excife for the time being,

(B.)

DRAWBACKS.

BRICKS.

For all bricks which {hall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties by this act impofed in refpedl thereof {hall have been paid), and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the duty by this a cl impofed in refpedi of such bricks.

TEA.

For all tea (for which the duty hereby impofed in refpe£b thereof {hall have been paid), which {hall be exported to Ireland, or his Majesty’s plantations in America, the whole of the duty of excife by this ad impofed in refped thereof.

CAP. XV.

An at7 for granting to his Majesty certain duties of cufloms, on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coajlwife, within Great Britain, except wine, and except coals^ when brought or carried coajlwife ; and for applying the money to arife by virtue of an adl^paffed in the lafl feffion of parliament, intituled, An ad for the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation of fugar; towards defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan granted, or flock created, by any all or alls paffed in the lafl feffion of parliament.—[December 28, 1796.]

Moft: gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, towards raifing the neceftary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick-expences, and making a permanent addition to the pub-lick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the feveral additional duties of cuftoms herein-after mentioned $ and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft: excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That The following there fthall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, unto and for ^ties°oif the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, over and above fUgai-s to be the duties payable by law, the following additional duties on paid: fugars, to be paid in ready money, without any dilcount or abatement whatever ; that is to fay,

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve Rates, pounds, of’ brown and mufcovado fugar of the Britijh plantations,

138 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 15. [1796.

tions, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which fhall have been fo imported, after the feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the fum of two (hillings and fixpence ; and fo in proportion for any greater or 1 efs quantity :

For every hundred weight,containing one hundred and twelve pounds of fugar, which fhall have been or fhall be imported into Great Britain, by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and which fhall have been or fhall be fold at the fales of the faid company, to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom, after the faid feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the fum of two (hillings and fixpence- and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity: and,

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of all fugar which fhall be imported into Great Britain, (except fugars herein-before charged), or which fhall have been fo imported, after the faid feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the fum of five (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

]f fugars fub- II. Provided always, That if any fugars fubjedl to the faid ^ duty of five (hillin gs impofed by this add, fhall be warehoufed by vvarehoufed ^ virtue of any add or abts of parliament, then and in such cafe the it fhall not be laid duty fhall not be paid or payable thereon, until such fugars paid till taken (hall be taken out of (uch warehouse to be ufed or confumed in out for home tf>js kingdom, in which cafe, and before the fame fhall be de-con umption. jjverecj frorn such warehoufe, the faid duty, over and above all other duties to which such fugars are liable by law, fhall be firft paid to the proper officer of bis Majefly’s cuidoms.

On brown  III.  And  be  it  further enabled, That upon all brown and

do^fuvar^of3" mufeovado fugar, of the Britijh plantations, which (hall have the Brithh been i^ported into Great Britain after the faid feventh day of plantations, December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and on imported after which the duties by this act impofed (hall have been paid, there

a drawback6' ,ha11 be

paid or allowed, on the due exportation thereof, within of the du^y to tbe t'mcs limited by law, a drawback of the whole of the faid be allowed on duty bv this acf impofed, provided the faid fugar be exported in exportation ; the fame (fate in which it was imported, but not otherwife. and on Baf- IV. And be it further enabled, That for *all refined fugar Urd, &c. fu- called Bajlard, and ground or powdered fugar, and refined loaf ported anad  broke  in  pieceS  and  all fugar called Ca?idyy which fhall be

ditionaldraw- made from brown or mufeovado fugar of the Brilijh plantations, back of 2s.6d. which fhall have been imported into Great Britain^ after the faid cwt.;  feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

fix, and on which the duty by this a&. impofed (hall have been paid, there fhall be allowed on exportation of every hundred weight thereof, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, within the time limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback or bounty of two (hillings and fixpence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of such fugars refpedively, over and above all other bounties or drawbacks allowed for the

fame

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgix III. c. 15.  139

fame by law, on and immediately before the faid feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

V.  And be it further enacted, That for all refined fugar in aT1d on refined the loaf and whole, being net, which fhall be made from brown

and mufcovado fugar of the Britijh plantations, which fhall have an(* mi)fCOva-been imported into Great Britain after the faid feventh day of do fugar fo December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and' on imported, an which the duty by this a£I impofed (hall have been paid, there  ^

(hall be allowed on exportation of every hundred weight thereof, 4S# containing one hundred and twelve pounds, within the time limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback or bounty of four (hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of such fugar, over and above all other drawbacks or bounties allowed for the fame by law, on and immediately before the faid feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

VI.  And be it further ena&ed, That there fhall be raifed, 3.?* 7d. addi-

levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, paid for ^ his heirs and fuccefiors, the following additional duties of cuf- every 1000 toms ; that is to fay, For every thousand of bricks imported into bricks ini-Great Britain from and after the palling of this a£l, the fum of ported after-three (hillings and feven-pence.  P£t.inst ^

VII.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the an(/an addi palling of this act, there (hall alfo be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and tional duty of paid rtfpecliveJy, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs 5I. per cent, and fucccfi'ors, an additional duty of cuftoms at and after- the on the amount rate of five pounds per centum upon the produce and amount of cuftoms^on ali the feveral duties of cuftoms then payable by law, for and goods import-upon any goods, wares, and merchandize, which fhall be im- ed, &c. and ported into, exported from, or brought or carried coaftwife from P^r port to port in Great Britain, except as herein-after is excepted ;

and a like additional duty of cuftoms at and after the rate of ten articles; pounds per centum upon the produce and amount of the feveral duties of cuftoms then due and payable by law, on the importation into Great Britain of the following articles, that is to fay,

Brimftone, hemp, iron in bars or unwrought, and ftaves, imported from any part of Europe: provided always, That the faid but not refpedlive duties of five pounds and ten pounds per centum herein-  on

before granted, fhall not be charged or paid for or on account of prize any prize goods which now are, or hereafter may be, warehoufed till delivered in this kingdom, by virtue of any a<5l or acts of parliament made out for home for granting relief to the captors of prizes, with refped to the confumption. bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom, unlefs and until such goods fhall be taken out of or delivered from such warehoufes to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom; in which cafe, and before the fame (hall be fo taken out of or delivered  (

from such warehoufes, the refpe&ive duties by this act impofed of five pounds and ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the refpedtive duties of cuftoms payable by law on any such goods fo taken out of or delivered from such warehoufes, fhall be firft paid to the proper officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms:

provided

Duty of 5I. per cent, not payable on certain articles.

Duties to be under the management of the com-mifiioners of cuftoms in England and Scotland re-fpedtively.

Duties and drawbacks to be paid and a Howe d according to 27 Geo. 3. c 13,

Goods, Sec. fubjeft to the regulations provided bylaw before p.< fling this aft, S;c.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to

Anno regni tricefimo feptinio Georgii 11L c. 15. [1796*

provided alfo, That the faid duty of five pounds per Centum herein-before granted, fhall not be charged or paid on the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms, payable on the importation of any wine into Great Britain, nor on the produce and amount of the duty of cuftoms payable on coals brought or carried coaft-wife from port to port in this kingdom ; nor on the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms payable by law on any goods, wares, or merchandize, on which other duties are by this aft impofed.

VIII.  And be it further enafted, That such of the duties of cuftoms by this aft granted as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called England. (hall be under the management of the commifiioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being ; and such thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be under the management of the commifiioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

IX.  And be it further enafted, That the feveral duties of cuftoms granted by this a61, and the drawbacks allowed, fhall and may be refpedlively managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed in such and the like manner, and in and by any and either of the means, ways, or methods, by which the duties of cuftoms impofed, and

’ the drawbacks allowed on the like goods, by an a61 pafled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, amongft other things, for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and ex-cife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the faid goods, wares, or merchah-dize lb by this a6t refpeftively made chargeable with duties of cuftoms, or entitled to drawbacks thereof on exportation, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable, to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize were lubje6I and liable by any a61 or afts of parliament in force, on and immediately before the pafting of this aft; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force, on and immediately before the pafting of this aft, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the feveral claufes, powers, and directions therein contained, fhall, and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpeftively applied, praftifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the feveral duties of cuftoms arid drawbacks of cuftoms hereby refpeftively charged and allowed, (as far as the fame are applicable thereto), in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the faid a6b, claufes, provifions, powers, dirediions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-ena6ted in the body of this prefent aft.

X.  And be it further enafted, That all the monies from time to time arifing by the feveral new and additional duties by this aft impofed as aforesaid, (the neceflary charges of raifing and



1796 ] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 15.  141

accounting for the fame refpeclively excepted), (hall from time the confoli-to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at f111^* TVejlminjler; and the faid money, fo paid in as aforesaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund,

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Application of monies to arife as aforesaid, or fo much thereof as fhall be fuffi- tiie dLltie3' cient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the

purpofe of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan

to be made or flock created, or to be created, by virtue of any

adl or adts palled or to be palled in this fefTion of parliament, and  „

that the faid monies, during the fpace of ten years next enluing,

{hall continue to be paid into the faid receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, diftindlly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there fliall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the faid receipt by virtue of this adt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered, feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his iYlajefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, upon any account whatever.

XII.  And ivbereas doubts have arifen ivith refpeft to the application of the profit to arife to the publick by the provijions in an aff, paffed in the loft feffion of parliament, intituled. An acl for the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the ex- 3^ Geo. 3. portation of fugar; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after^and^fomu^h the paffing of this act, fo much of the before recited act, as directs thereof as" the application and fetting apart of the feveral dims of money directs the therein mentioned and deferibed, (hall be repealed; and that the application of

fum of twenty-nine thousand one hundred and fixty-nine pounds mon^y therein.

J  c  J  r  1  r r mentioned re-

one milling and five-pence, being one-rourth part of the fum of pealed, and

one hundred and fixteen thousand fix hundred and feventy-fix the applica-pounds five (hillings and eight-pence, the annua] average amount don to be of the faving to the publick, at the rate of reductions of bounties and drawbacks by the before recited adl, according to the average of the exportation of fugars for three years previous to the fifth day of January one thousand (even hundred and ninety-fix, (hall quarterly, upon the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April,

•the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, during the period of nine years, be fet apart from the money.paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer arifing from the duties of cuftoms; and the faid fum of one hundred and fixteen thousand fix hundred and feventy-fix pounds five (hillings and eight-pence, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or flock created, by virtue of any ad! or adds palled in the : 1 aft feffion of parliament; and that there fhall be provided and 'kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, during the faid period of nine years, a book or books, in which the monies fo fet apart, and arifiog from the faid reduction

Anno regm tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 16. [1796.

tion of drawback and bounties, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates or duties granted in the laft feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such encreafed charge as aforefaid* be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. XVI.

An an for granting to bis Majejly an additional duty on Jlage coaches.— [December 28, 1796.]

Preamble.

From Jan. 5, 1797, the owner of every ftage coach to pay an additional duty of id. for each mile it fhall travel.

Duty to be levied, &c. as ft amp duties.

Mod gracious Sovereign*

WE, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duty herein-after mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the owner or owners of every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife marine, chaife, diligence, or other carriage, with four or more wheels, and of every calafli, chaife, chair, or any other carriage with lefs than four wheels by what name foever the fame now is or hereafter fhall be called or known, to be employed as publick ftage coaches or carriages for the purpose of conveying pafiengers for hire to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Britain, fhall be, and he and they is and are hereby charged with an additional duty of one penny for every mile such carriage or carriages as aforefaid fhall travel.

II.  And be it further enacted. That the duty by this aft im-pofed fhall from time to time be raifed, collefted, levied, and paid, by such perfons at such time, in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under such management, and under and fubjeft to such penalties and forfeitures, and with and fubjeft to such powers, rules, and direftions, and by such methods, and in such manner and form, as are direfted and preferibed in and by an add, palled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty; intituled, An an for repealing the duties on licences taken out by perfons letting borfes for the purpose of travelling poft, and on borfes let to hire for travelling poft) and by time, and on ftage coaches ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and alfo additional duties on borfes let to hire for travelling pojl, and by tinu\ or by any other aft or afts of parliament relating to the duties under the management of the commiflioners for managing the duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and that

1796.] Annoregni tricefimofeptimoGEORGii III. c. 17*  *43

all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the faid acts refpectively, fhall be in full force and effect with relation to the duty hereby impofed, and the fame fhall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and fecuring, the duty hereby impofed, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had feyerally and refpecftively been re-enadled with relation to the faid duty hereby impofed.  ^

III.  And be it further enailed, That all the monies arifing p^into the

from the faid duty hereby impofed, (the neceffary charges for exchequer, raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), fhall from time and carried to to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, an^ ^ted°fund** fhall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.  ’

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the an^addkknfto monies arifing or to arife of the duty hereby impofed, or fo much the Revenue ° thereof as fhall be lufficienr, (ball be deemed an addition made for defraying to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreafed charge the encreafed occafioned by any loan to be raifed, or hock created or to be charge, oc-created by any ad or ads paffed, or to be paffed in this feilion of any°loan of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace of this feflion. ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt dihindly

and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid duty hereby impofed fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such encreafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. XVII.

An aSl for granting to bis Majejly certain additional duties on diJliU lerles in Scotland, and on the exportation of B>r\t\(h-niade fpirits -from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England. — [December 28, 1796.]

Moft gracious Sovereign.

WE, your Majesty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the Pieamble* commons of Great Britain in parliament ailembled, to-wards.raifing thenecefiary fupplies to defray your Majesty’spublick expences, and makinga permanent addition to the publick revenue, having freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant to your Majesty the further and additional duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enaited by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing The following

of this ail, there fhall be raifed, levied, colleiled, and paid, to additional

„nj duties of ex -cifetobepaid:

H4

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1796,

and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for and in refpeft of the feveral matters and things herein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already impofed for or in refpeft thereof, by any aft or afts of parliament the further duties of exc.ife herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, lo^(ffthecon For anc* uPon evetT gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cu-tents of every b,cal content or capacity of each and every (fill, (including the Hill uEd for head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other making fpirits apparatus therewith connefted, under whatever name or deno-inat^riata'in lT,mation the niay be called or known, as high as the fleam Scotland,(lave can afcend), which (hall be ufed or employed for the making or as accepted by diftilling of low wines or fpirits, from corn, grain, malt, tilts,

33 Geo. 3. c. 61.), 36I. annually:

cyder, or perry, or other wadi or liquor, made or brewed from any fort of Britifb materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except such counties and didrifts of the highlands, as in an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for the regulation of di/UUeries in Scotland, and the exportation of Britifh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, are particularly fpecified, defcribed, and enumerated, there (hall be charged the annual fum of thirty-fix pounds :

For and upon every gallon, Englift) wine meafure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connefted, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the uloT 6of.*and ^eam can afcend), which (hall be ufed or employed in any part Or place in Scotland, for the making or diftilling of low wines or fpirits from melaftes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, the annual fum of fixty pounds:

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cubical content and capacity of each and every ftill, (including ufed, 7^1.-and ^ea<^ an^ every part thereof,* and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connefted, under whatever name or denomination the fame maybe called or known, as high as the fleam can afcend), which fhall be ufed or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the making or diftiUing of lowr wines or fpirits from foreign refuted wine, or foreign cyder or wafh, prepared from foreign materials, (except melaftes and fugar), or any mixture therewith, the annual fum of feventy-two pounds: for each gal- For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cu-lon of rectify- bica! content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the head ing ftil s, 361. an(j every part thereof, and of any hop, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connefted, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afcend), which (hall be ufed or employed in any part or place in Scotland for the rectifying, compounding or mixing, of any kind of fpirits or flrong waters, the annual fum of thirty-fix pounds:

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the head and land ior^nak evei7 Part hereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other appa-

for each gallon of every ftill, ufed in Scotland, where rne-lafTes or fugar are

where other foreign materials are

For each gallon of ftills,

1796.] Anno regni iriceflmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 17.  145

ratus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination J’nS ip^ri.ts the fame may be called or known, as high as the fteam can  for

afcend), which (hall be ufed or employed by any diftiller or dif- exportation to tillers, or maker or makers, of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain Scotland 36b; called England, for making low wines or fpirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, perry, or other wadi or liquor, made or brewed from any fort of Britijh materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual fum of thirty Lfix pounds :

For and upon every gallon, Enghjb wine meafure, of the cu- For eac^ S3*-bical content or capacity of each and every ftill (including the rnela^Te^or head and every part thereof, and of any horn pipe, tube, or other fu;?ar are fo apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or deno- ufed 60I.; and mination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fteam can afcend), which (hall be ufed or employed by any such diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or fpirits from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual fum of fixty pounds :

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cu- where other bical content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the forelSn ma" head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other  u  e

apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomi- ’ nation the fame may be called or known, as high as the fteam can afcend), which (hall be ufed or employed by any such diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or fpirits from foreign refufed wines, or foreign cyder or wafti prepared from foreign materials, (except melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual fum of feventy-two pounds:

For and upon every gallon, E?iglifb wine meafure, of the cu- for each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the !on of rettify-head and every part thereof, and^of any horn, pipe, tube, or other mg apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fteam can afcend), which fliall be ufed or employed by such diftiller or diftillers, or, maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England., for the rectifying, compounding or mixing, of any kind of fpirits or ftrong waters, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual fum of thirty-fix pounds.

II. And be it further enaCted, That the feveral and refpe&ive Duties to be duties by this aCt impofed, (hall from time to time be raifed, collected, recovered, fecured, and paid, by such perfons, at such faws'now^n * times, in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under force, such management, and under and fubjeCt to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and fubjeCt to such other powers, and fubjeCt to the like allowance, repayments, abatements, rules, and directions, and by such methods, and in such Vol. XLI.  L  manner



246 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo GeorgiiIII.c. 17. [1796.

manner and form, as by feveral ads, made in the the thirty-third and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for the regulation of dif illertei in Scotland, and the exportation of Britifti-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, concerning the feveral matters and things reflectively, for or in refpect whereof any duty is by this act impofed, is directed or prefcribed ; and that all the provifions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, and directions, mentioned and contained in the faid ads refpectively, (hall be practifed and put in execution for the raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, -or paying, the feveral and refpective duties by this ad impofed, and for the making any repayment, allowance, or abatement, in manner in the faid ad direded, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and enadedin this ad.

III.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all the money arifing by the duties by this ad impofed, (the ne-

and'carried to ceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), the confoli-  (hall from time to time be paid  into the receipt  of  his Majesty’s

exchequer at  Weftminjler; and  the faid monies  fo  paid into the

faid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,  That all the monies arifing, or  to  arife, by the

the^evtC ^ ^ rateS ant^  ^ut^es> or any  t^em^ fhall he  deemed an addi-

for defraying ^on mac^e t0 revenue, for the purpose of defraying the in-' ■ creafed charge occasioned by any loan made, or {lock created or to be created by virtue of any ad or ails palled or to be palled in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies (hall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejlminfler, diftinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this felfion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, upon any account whatever.

V.  And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons licenfed by the commiffioners of excife to work any ftill or ftills for the diftilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits from malt, corn, or any kind of materials herein-mentioned, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits, in any part of Scot-

o^the>dut^>art t0 deliver up his, her, or their licence to the faid commilfion-paid. ^ ers, or to the principal officer of excife within the divifion, who fhall, and they are hereby refpectively authorifed to vacate the fame ;

2  "  and

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

dated fund;

and deemed

the encreafed charge occa-lioned by any loan of this feffion.

Diftillers in Scotland may deliver up their licences before]an. 20, 1797, and receive a pro*

*47

1796.] Anno regnl tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 18.

and every such perfon or perfpns delivering up such licence to be vacated before the twentieth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be entitled to a return of a part of the duty paid thereupon for the prefent year, in proportion to the period of such year then unexpired; and all and every such perfon or perfons fhall be and they are hereby fully indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from any payment of duty by this a6l im-pofed, and from any penalty, forfeiture, adtion, fuit, or profe-cution, for or by reafon of his or their having worked or working any {bill or (fills under the authority of such licence, between the time appointed by this act, for the commencement of the faid duties, and the time of delivering up such licence as aforefaid.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That where Where entry any such licence (hall have been granted to any such diffiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, and any entry or entries than one fhall have been made by fucb difbilIcr or diftillers, or maker or fome may makers of lpirits, of more hills than one under such licence^ it ceafe and fnall and may be lawful for such commiffioners and officers of thuietob*** excife refpedtively, on notice being given-to them refpedfively in wor^e(j# writing, before the day herein mentioned, of the intention of

fuch diftiller or^diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, to ceafe working one or more of such ftills, and to continue to work the other or others of such ftills, to indorle the fame on the back of such licence, specifying in such indorfement the content of such ftill or ftills refpedlivelv, and diftinguifhing such as are intended to be worked from such as are not intended to be worked after the time before limited, and to re-deliver such licence to such diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, with such indorfement thereupon ; and which indorfement on such licence, fhall be deemed to vacate such licence, in such part only as relates to the ftill or ftills which fhall ceafe to be worked, as aforesaid, and an abatement of duty fhall be made on such laft mentioned ftill or ftills only: and which fhall and may be fet off againft any duty to which such diftiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, (hall be liable to pay by virtue of this acft, in refpedt of such ftill or ftills, as he* (he, or they (hall continue to work after the time limited as aforefaid.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further ena£bed, That this amay be

may be varied, altered, or repealed by any a<5Por acts to be made pealed°this in this prefent feffion of parliament.  feftion. *

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for altering certain rates of poflage for conveyance of letters in England and Scotland refpeftively, and of packets to and fr~om Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the Britifh colonies in America refpeftively ; and for fetting apart at the receipt of the exchequer, for a certain period, out of the revenues of the pojl office^ the annual fum of forty thousand-pounds^ towards defraying the increafed charge occajioned by any loan raifed, or flock created,\ by any aft or afts poffed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy.— [December 28, 1796.]

L 2  Moft

148 Anfto tegni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1796,

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. T T HE R E A S it is expedient that certain rates of pojiage ejla-V V blijhed by an aft of the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and by two feveral afts of the fifth and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty*s reign, jhould be repealed: we, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, as, well for the purposes afore-faid, as towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein-after mentioned : and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-From Jan. 5, liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo of^An re" muc^ °^" ari made in the ninth year of the reign of her late niJ3E> C# majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for ejlabliftung a general ' poft office for all her Majesty s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fiervice of the war, and other her Majeflfs occafions; and fo much of an adt, made in the fifth year of your moft gracious Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft to alter certain rates of pojiage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, feveral provifions in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the poft office; and alfo fo much of another adt, paffed in the twenty-fourth year of your moft gracious Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for granting Berwick upon to his Majeffy certain additional rates of pofiage for conveyance of let Tweed, re- ters and packets, by the poft, within the kingdom of Great Britain;

for preventing frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in letters and packets*, and for further preventing frauds and abufes in relation to the fending and receiving of letters and packets free from pojiage, as eftablifhes certain rates or fums for the port and conveyance of letters and packets within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, fhalJ, from and afterjthe fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

IIV And be it further enadted, That, from and after the faid fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto Sufficiently authorised, to and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets which he (hall convey, carry, or fend poft, within that part of Great Britain aforesaid, according to the feveral rates and fums herein-after mentioned, the fame being rated by the letter or by the ounce ; that is to fay, For the port and conveyance of every fingle letter fo conveyed or carried by the poft, not exceeding fifteen meafured miles from

thp'

5 Geo. 3. c. 15. and 23. Geo. 3, feff. a. c. 37. as eftablifhes certain rates of poftage in England, Wales, and

pealed, and

the following rates to be taken;

rates.

1796*] Anno regni trlcefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 18,

the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the fum of three-pence; for every double letter fix-pence ;.fcr every treble letter nine-pence; and for every ounce in weight one {hilling; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every fingle letter conveyed or carried by the poft above fifteen meafured miles, and not exceeding thirty meafured miles from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the fum of four-pence ; for every double letter eight-pence; for every treble letter one {hilling; and for every ounce in weight one {hilling and four-pence ; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every fingle letter conveyed or carried by the poll above thirty meafured miles, and not exceeding fixty meafured miles from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the fum of five-pence; for every double letter ten-pence; for every treble letter one {hilling and three-pence; and for every ounce in weight one {hilling and eight-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every fingle letter conveyed or carried by the poft above fixty meafured miles, and not exceeding one hundred meafured miles from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the fum of fix-pence; for every double letter one {hilling; for every treble letter one {hilling and fixpence; and for every ounce in weight two {hillings; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

For the port and conveyance of every fingle letter conveyed or carried by the poft above one hundred meafured miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty meafured miles from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the fum of feven-pence; for every double letter one {hilling and two-pence; for every treble letter one (billing and nine-pence; and for every ounce in weight two {hillings and four-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:

And for the port and conveyance of every fingle letter conveyed or carried by the poft one hundred and fifty meafured miles, or upwards, from the office where such letter may be put in, to the office where such letter may be delivered, within that part of Gaeat Britain as aforesaid, the fum of eight-pence; for every double letter one {hilling and four-pence ; for every treble letter two {hillings; and for every ounce in weight two {hillings

L 3  and

*5°

Anno regni tricettmo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 18. [17*96.

and eight-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

The5Sr* l HI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the faid rates to1 be111  ^ay  °f  January  one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

taken for poft- feven, it dial) and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s poft-age of letters matter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fufnoiently authorifed, over and above the rates of pottage now payable, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets which he {hall convey, carry, or fend poft, within Scotland, the additional rate of pottage herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,

For the port and conveyance of every ttngle letter one penny; for every doubled letter two^pence; for every treble letter threepence; and for every ounce in weight four-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

bliihedb firft  And  be further enabled, That fo much of the faid actt,

recited a£t to ma<^e *n the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen and from Anne, as eftablifhes rates of pottage for letters from and to Lon-Portugal, and don, to and from Portugal; and fo much of the faid a£f, made in to and ^?nd ^tth year of your moll gracious Majesty’s reign, as eftablitties

in Scotland:

rates.

Rates efta-

A meric a, repealed.

rates of pottage for letters from 3nd to London, to and from the

The following rates to be taken for letters to and from Portugal.

Rates.

Brilijh dominions in America, (hall, from and after the faid fifth day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the fame are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the faid fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto authorifed, to and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceilors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every the letters, packets, and other things, which {hall be carried or conveyed from or to the kingdom of Great Britain, to or from the kingdom of Portugal, a packet pottage according to the feveral rates herein-after mentioned; that is to fay,

For all letters and packets, patting from any part of the kingdom of Great Britain to Lifbon, or to any other port in the kingdom of Portugal, and from any such port into Great Britain ; for every fingle letter one (hilling; for every double letter two (hillings; for every treble letter three (hillings ; and for every ounce in weight four (hillings; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

V. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the faid fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto authorifed, tifh dominions to and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, to in America. demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every letters, packets, and other things, which ihall be carried or conveyed from or to the kingdom of Great Britain, to or from any port within the Britifb dominions in America, a

packet

The following rates to be taken for letters to and from the Bri-

 GOO^C

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 18.  151

packet poftage according to the feveral rates herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,

For all letters and packets palling from any part of the king- Rates, dom of Great Britain, to any port within the Britifh dominions in America, and from any such port into Great Britain; for every fingle letter one (hilling ; for every double letter two (hillings; for every treble letter three (hillings; and for every ounce in weight four (hillings ; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

VI.  And be itfurther enadled, That over and above the rates Letters to or aforesaid, all letters and packets palling to or from Portugal, from ^America8^ or to that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, or to or from the chargeable Britijh dominions in America, from or to that part of Great Bri- with the in-tain as aforelaid, (hall be charged with the full inland rate of land rates, poftage hereby eftablifhed, according to the diftance such letters

and packets (hall be conveyed within England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tiveed,?. nd with the full inland rate of poftage now payable, together with the additional rate of poftage hereby eftabliftied, according to the diftance such letters and packets fhall be conveyed within Scotland.

VII.  Provided always, and be itfurther enadled, That no Mode of

letter or packet, together with the contents thereof, fhall be  _

rated at an higher rate of poftage, according to the rates and Weight. duties hereby granted, than as a treble letter, unlefs the fame

fhall be one ounce in weight; and that all letters and packets of the weight of one ounce, (hall be rated as four fingle letters, and in proportion for every quarter of an ounce above the weight of an ounce, reckoning each quarter of an ounce as a fingle letter.

VIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That nothing charge herein contained fhall increafe or alter, or be conftruedto indreafe Gf pjftage orf or alter, the amount or manner of charging the rates of poftage fingle letters upon fingle letters to be fent by the poll by or to non-commif- from or to _ fioned officers, feamen, and privates, on their own private con-

cerns, whilft: such non-commiffioned officers, feamen, and pri-cers e"fva. vates, fhall be employed in his Majesty’s navy, army, militia, blifhed by fencible regiments, artillery, and marines, made payable by an 3 5 Geo* 3-adl palled in the thirty-fifth year of your moft gracious Majesty’s °* 33* reign, intituled, An adt for further regulating the fending and receiving letters free from the duty of poftage; for allowing non-com-?niffioned officers, feamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilft on jervice, to fend and receive letters at a loiv rate of poftage ; and for permitting patterns and famples of goods to he tranfmitied by the pf at an eafier rate than is now allowed by law; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.  And be it further enadled, That, from and after the faid

fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the^oftof~ all and every the claufes, provilions, powers,, privileges, advan- fke, not here-tages, difabilities, penalties, and methods, for the recovery of by repealed or the fame, and all other matters and things in force, at the time altered,tocon-of pafting this adt, and contained in the faid adt, made in thetmuem uiCQm

l 4  ninth

152 Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. iS. [1796.

ninth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, or in any other aft or ac51s of parliament, fo far as the fame relates to the poll: office, (and not repealed or altered by this aft), fhall continue in force, and (hall be applied and extended, and (hall be conflruea to apply and extend, to this prefent aft, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

Rates to be paid to the deceiver general of the poft office, and by him into the exchequer, and carried to the confolidated fund.

Average annual revenue of the poft office for three years ending April, 5,1795 which by 35 Geo. 3. c 53. has been increafed.

Application of the poll office reyer

nue.

X.  And be it further enafted, That the feveral rates and duties herein-before granted (hall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the poll: office, who fhall pay the fame (the neceffary charges for collecting, paying, and accounting for the fame being firft deducted) into the receipt-of his Majesty’s exchequer, on such days and times and in such manner as the rates and duties hereby repealed were, by any law in force at and immediately before the palling of this aft, directed to be paid; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt as aforesaid, fliall be carried to hnd made part of the confolidated fund,

XI.  And whereas the annual average produce of the revenue of the poft office for three years, ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, amounted to four hundred and ten thousand five hundred dnd fifty-fix pounds c and whereas by an

’ at7, paffied in the thirty fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An aft for further regulating the fending and receiving letters free from the duty of poflage; for allowing non-com-milfioned officers, feamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilflon fervice, to fend and receive letters at alow rate of poflage; and for permitting patterns and famples of goods to be tranfmitted by the poll at an eafier rate than is now allowed by law, the faid revenue hath been encreafed by a fum computed at the annualfum of forty thousand pounds, communibus annis : be it further enafted, T hat, out of the monies to arife from the faid revenue of the poll: office, the fum of one hundred and two thousand fix hundred and thirty-nine pounds, being one-fourth part of the annual average amount before mentioned, fhall quarterly on the fifth dav of April, the fifth day of July, the tenth day of Oftober, and the fifth day of January in every year, during the periods herein-after mentioned, be fet apart from the remainder of the faid revenue ; and that the fum of ten thousand pounds of the faid remainder of the faid revenue, fhall quarterly, for the period of

eight years from the paffing of this aft, be paid into the receipt of his Majefiy’s exchequer, feparate and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and that the amount thereof, or fo much as fhall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made tc the publick revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan raifed, or flock created, by any aft or afts pafied in the faid thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majelly ; and that after fetting apart the amount of the annual averages aforesaid, and the faid further annual fum of forty thousand pounds, the remainder of the faid revenue of

the

*53

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 19.

the poll office fhall, during the period of ten years after the paffing of this aft, be paid into the receipt of his Majefiy’s exchequer, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and that the faid remainder of the faid rates fo paid into the faid receipt, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan made or to be made, or flock created or to be created, by virtue of any aft or afts pa/Fed or to be paffed in this feffion of parliament; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid refpeftive periods, books in which the faid annual fum of forty thousand pounds, and the faid remainder of the monies aifing from the faid revenue of the poll office, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such encreafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

XII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons Perfons hied fhall at any time or times be fued, molefled, or profecuted, for maY plead the any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this &eneral hfu^. aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, such perfon and perfons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become non-fuited, then such defendant or defendants fhall have treble colls awarded to him or Treble cods, them againfl such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for the more ejfeftually fecuring the /lamp duties on indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds. — [December 28, 1796.]

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the nineteenth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majejly, certain provifons are made to *9 Geo. 3. C. prevent the revenue of Jiamps from being defrauded by the praftice of^0> recited. inferting in one Jkin of pauhment more than the itjual and accujlomed quantity of words, zvhich had been allowed to be after the rate of fifteen com?non law fleets, containing feventy-two words in each jheet; which provifons have not been found effectual: and whereas it is expedient that the provifons of the faid aft Jhould be repealed, and other provifons ?nade for more ejfeftually fecuring the faid duties, and that the monies arifing by any increafe of Jiamps to be ufed in purjuance of this aft, Jhould be applied in the manner herein dir eft ed: We, your Majefly’s mofl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, as well for the purposes aforefaid as towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Ma-jefty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, do mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by.the King’s moll Prom Jan, excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ^amps for

affembled, any inden-



i^4 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1796.

ture, &c. to' aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and

be calculated after the fifth day 0j- January one thousand seven hundred and

in the manner . r  .  rn  ,  .

herein fpeci- ninety-(even, the numDer or damps required to be put on every

fkd.  /kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper,

upon which any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed (hall be engroded, printed, or written, fhall be calculated according to the number of common law (heet^s engroded, printed, or written thereon, each common law (heet containing feventy-two words, in manner following; that is to fay, Where the quantity of words "  engroded,  printed, or written, on any (kin or piece of vellum

or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, (ball not exceed fifteen such common law (beets, one damp; and where the quantity or number of words engroded, printed, or written thbreon, (hall amount unto thirty such common law (beets, two (lamps; and fo progreffively one further (lamp for every fifteen such common law iheets above the number of thirty such common law (beets contained therein : provided always. That if thy quantity or number of words engroded, printed, or written thereon, (ball, after calculating in manner aforefaid every amount of fifteen common law (beets contained therein, exceed the number of such common law (beets fo calculated by a lefs quantity of words than other fifteen such common law (heets, no further damp (ball be required for such excefs above the number of common law (beets fo calculated ; and that in every such cafe the damps required to be put on any such (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, on which any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed (hall be engroded, printed, or written, (hall be of the fame value or denomination refpedlively, and (hall be such damps which have been or fhall be provided or directed to be ufed to denote the duties payable on such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, according to the laws now in force, or hereafter to be in force.

Schedules to II. And be it further enadted, That every fchedul'e or other be deemed indrument annexed unto any indenture, leafe, bond, or other tures°^c^en” ^ee<^ and indorfement made thereon, (ball, in edimating the 9  * number of damps required by virtue of this act to be put thereon,

be deemed as part of such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed; and the quantity or number of words contained therein fhall be calculated as if the fame were contained in such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed.

Any perfon III. And be it further enadled, That if any attorney, folicitor, bringing in- clerk, officer, or other perfon, (hall engrofs, print, or write, or dentures not caufe to be engroded, printed or written, any indenture, leafe, to1be rPt’ bond, or other deed, on vellum, parchment, or paper, not duly jfhmpt, to  damped according  to the diredlions of this adl, and (hall negledt

forfeit 30I.  to bring the fame  to be duly (lamped in the manner and within

the time hereby diredled and allowed for damping the fame, every such attorney, folicitor, clerk, officer, or other perlon, (hall for-No indenture feit and pay the fum of twenty pounds ; and no such indenture, available un-  Jeafe, bond, or other deed, (hall be pleaded or given in evidence,

lefs duly  or good, ufeful,  or available, in any manner whatever, unlefs

ftampt. the fame (ball be damped as required by this adl.

IV.  And

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 19.  155

IV.  And be it further enacted, That every indenture, leafe, Blank indeu-bond, or other deed, which fhall have been damped with one ^hfch hav*e damp on every fkin or piece of such vellum or parchment, or on beenftampt, every fheet or piece of such paper, before any matter or thing but not ac-fhall have been engroded, primed, or written thereon, and {hall cording to not be damped as by this ad is dire&ed, which (hall be brought be^r^eiT^ at any time before the execution thereof, or within the fpace of ftampt^within one calendar month after the date thereof, to the head office of a limited time, the commiffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, may be damped as this ad requires, on

’ payment of the duty for the fame; and that, upon bringing any Officer to cal-indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, to be damped as aforesaid, culate the . tlie officer appointed by the faid commiffioners (hall calculate the duty payable thereon, and the number of damps required by this and wlrit^ on* ato be put thereon, and dial] write in words at length upon them certain the margent of each fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or particulars, fheet or piece of paper, whereon the fame (hall be engroded, printed, or written,, the number of common law fheets contained therein, and the day on which such payment fhall be made, and fhall fubfcribe his name thereto; and in cafe the duty (hall be On payment fo paid at the faid head office, then the indenture, leafe, bond, beacTaffice11'6 or other deed, fo brought to be damped, fhall, on payment of indentures’ the faid duty, be damped with such number of damps as the &c. to be cafe (hall require; and in cafe the duty fhall be fo paid at any ftampt; and other office to be appointed by the faid commiffioners, the in-denture, leafe, bond, or other deed, whereon the duty fo pay- tures ^c^to able, and the number of words fo contained therein fhall have be transmitted been calculated and written, fhall be tranfmitted within the to the head fpace of twenty-one days from the day of payment of such duty office within to the head office to be damped, and the fame {hall be damped that purpose. accordingly with such number of damps as the cafe diall require; officer recdv-and if the perfon paying such duty at any such office to be ap- ing dutv to pointed as aforesaid, fhall be defirous that the fame fhall be acknowledge tranfmitted to the faid head office by the officer to whom such receipt of induty fhall be paid, and fhall leave the fame with such officer for such purpose, such officer {hall, upon requed, fign and deliver f10n> &c. an acknowledgement that such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, has been left with him for such purpose, and (hall tranfmit such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, to the faid head office to be damped as aforesaid, and the fame (hall be returned to such officer as foon as conveniently may be after the damping thereof, and such officer {hall deliver back the fame to the perfon entitled thereto, upon re-delivery to him of the acknowlegement which he fhall have given for the fame, if any fhall have been given.

V.  Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That it fhall Indentures, be lawful to carry any such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, ftamptYt the at any time within fix calendar months after the date thereof, to head office at the faid head office to be damped in like manner, paying the duty payment of for the fame, and alfo the further fum of ten pounds by way of the duty and penalty, and alfo to carry the fame to the faid head office to be a pend

damped

156 . Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1796.

{tamped in like manner at any time after the expiration of the laid fix months, on payment of the duty for the fame, and alfo the further fum of ten pounds for every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, whereon such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed or matter or thing aforesaid, (hall be engrofled, printed, or written, by way of penalty for not having before caufed the fame to be duly damped according to the dire&ions of this act.

In actions brought for engrofting indentures. Sec. contrary to this ad, and not brought to be ftampt within a month after date, the plaintiff to recover though afterwards ftampt.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where any a&ion (hall be commenced againft any perfon for engrofdng, printing, or writing, any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, contrary to the diredions of this ad, which (hall not be brought to the faid head office to be damped within one calendar month after the date thereof, and such adion fhall be profecuted with effed, the fame (hall not be delayed, prejudiced, defeated, or barred, by reafon of the payment of any duty or penalty on damping the fame, or of the fame being damped after the commencement of such adion, but that the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein (hall be entitled to recover as if such duty and penalty had not been paid, or such damp or damps had not been- put

thereon after the commencement of such adion.

Penalty of 1 ool. for adding to indentures, See. after the duty has been calculated, and before ftampt, &c.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon (hall add any word in any such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, after the officer to be appointed by the faid commiffioners fhall have calculated the duty payable thereon, and before the fame (hail be duly damped, according to the directions of this ad, or fhall alter any word or letter in any writing hereby required to be made, by the officer to be appointed by the faid commiffioners, on the margent of such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed.

after such officer fhall have figned the fame according to the directions of this aCt, or (hall knowingly utter or publifh as true any such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, with such word added thereto, or any such altered writing, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or; any other perfon or per-fons, then and in such cafe every perfon fo adding, altering, uttering, or publifhing as aforesaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

All ads re- VIII. And be it further enaded, That all powers, provifoes, ftam^ d°fe art'lC^es> claufes, allowances, and all matters and things pre-no H^reby^’ fcr>ked or appointed by any former a Cl or aCls of parliament altered, to be relating to the (lamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, applied to this and not hereby altered, fhall be of full force and effeCl, with relation to the feveral matters and things by this a Cl preferibed or direCled, and fhall be applied and put in execution for the enforcing the regulations of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had feveralJy and refpec-tively been hereby re-enaded.

Application IX. And be it further enaded, That one moiety of all pecu-and recovery n]aTy penalties and forfeitures hereby impofed (hall, if fued for fued for in within the fpace of four calendar months from the time of such four months, penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his

heirs

1796*] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 19.  157

heirs and fucceftors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fait, to the perfon or perfons who>(ha!l inform or fue for A the fame within the time aforefaid ; and which (hall and may be fued for in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Wejiminjier, for offences committed in England, or in his Majesty’s court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; but neverthelefs it (hall be lawful for his Majesty’s at- Where penal, torney general in England, or his Majesty’s advocate in Scotland, ty appears to in cafe it (hall appear to his fatisfadtion that any such penalty or curred^with^ forfeiture was incurred without any intention of fraud, to (fay all out fraud? further proceedings, by entering a noli profequf or otherwife, with proceedings refpedt as well to the (hare of such penalty or forfeiture claimed may be ftopu by such informer or informers, as to the (hare thereof belonging to his Majesty.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That in de- Recovery and fault of profecution within the time herein-before limited, no such

penalty or forfeiture (hall be afterwards recoverable, except in the faedfor^° name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England^ and of four months, his Majesty’s advocate in Scotland, by information in the courts of exchequer in England and Scotland refpedlively ; and in every cafe where such information (hall be profecuted as afore* faid, the whole of such penalty or forfeiture fhall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors; and that all penalties and for- Penalties tp feitures, and (hares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as afore- b’s Majesty to faid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, (hall be receWer gene-paid into the hands of his Majesty’s receiver general of (lamp ralofftamp duties for the time being, any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the duties, contrary notwithftanding; and that, in any cafe where the whole Informers of such penalties or forfeitures fhall be recovered, to the ufe of may be re-his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, it (hall be lawful for the faid ^raitRs°to°^ commiftioners to caufe such reward as they (hall think fir, not xvlajefty. exceeding one moiety of the penalties or forfeitures fo recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongft any perfon or perfons who (hall appear to them entitled thereto, as an informer or informers, in refpect of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paft- Application of ing of this adl, out of the monies that fhall be paid into the <jutics on receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, of the duties impofed by any under former* former acts of parliament, on every (kin or piece of vellum or a&s. parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which any indenture,

leafe, bond, or other deed, (hall be engrofted, printed, or written, in purfuance of any such a£t or adts, or any other adt or adtsof parliament, or anyof them, the fum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-one.potinds and five (hillings, being one-fourth part of the fum of one hundred and fifty-fix thousand fix hundred and five pounds, the annual average produce for three years, ending the firft day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the whole of the faid duties, (hall quarterly, on the fifth day of Aprils



the fifth clay of July, the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of January, in every year, during the period of ten years, be fet apart from the remainder of the laid monies ; and that after fet* ting apart at the faid receipt of exchequer, at the end of each such quarter, the fum of thirty-nine thousand one hundred and fifty-one pounds and five (hillings, the faid remainder of the (aid monies arifing, or to arife, of the faid feveral duties impofed by the faid former a£ts, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increafed charges occafioned by any loan made, or to be made, or any ftock to be created, by virtue of any a6t or acts palled, or to be pafied, in this fefiion of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall, during the (pace of ten years next en-fuing, be paid into the faid receipt diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue ; and that there (hall be provided and kept at the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which the faid remainder of the monies arifing; from the faid duties, and

O  ^

paid into the faid receipt, mall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates or duties granted in this felTion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charges as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccelfors, on any account whatever.

XII.  And be it further enadted, That fo much of the faid a61 pafied in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, as relates to the engroffing, printing, or writing, on any fkin of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, or to any of the matters for which provifion is made by this add, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

C A P. XX.

An aft for extending the time limited by an aft of this fejfion, for delivering in navy, victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bills. —• [December 28, 1796.]

Preamble. TT7 HERE AS, by an aft made in this prefent fejfion of par-Adt of prefent VV liament, intituled., An act for granting annuities to fatisfy recited *C* certa^n navy, victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bills; all per*

9 fons interejled in or entitled unto certain navy, victualling, tranfport and exchequer bills, in the faid aft mentioned, were enabled at any time, on or before the eleventh day ^/'November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to jubferibe the /'aid bills in the manner directed by the Jaid eft: and ivbereas it is nccejjary to give further time to such peifons as have been prevented from Jubfcribing their navy,victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bills, within the time befor-ementioned: be ' it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by and the na\y, the authority of the fame, That the officers of the navy, victualling, victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bill offices, and the treafurer of his Ma-

jefty’s

Recited adt in part repealed.

tranlporr,

1796.] Annoregnitricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 2-1>  *59

jefty’s navy, or his paymafter or cafhier, and the paymafters of exchequer bills, at any time or times before the thirty-firft mentioned, day ot December one thou land seven hundred and ninety-fix, maybereceiv-fhall, and he and they is and are hereby authorifed, empowered, ed at. the re-and required to accept and take in, from any perfon or perfons, any such navy, victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bills, as (hall before Dec. be offered to them, and to compute the interelf, and mark the 31, 1796, fame, and to make forth such certificate or certificates as are directed by the faid aft \ and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorifed and empowered to give credit for such ftock and annuities as such perfon or perfons would have been entitled to in refpeft of such bills, in cafe such bills had been delivered into such office or offices, on or before the faid eleventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety fix.

CAP; XXL

An aft autborlfmg his Majesty, for a limited time, to ?nake regulations refpefting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of

Good Hope.—[December 28, 1796.]

TljHERE AS the caftle, town, and fettlement, of the Cape of P reamble, VV Good Hope, with the territories and dependencies thereof are now in the poffejfion of his Majefly ; and it is expedient under the prefent circumftances, that the trade and commerce to andfrom the fame ftoould be regulated for a certain time, in such manner as Jhall Jeem proper to his Majefly, by and with the advice of his privy council, notwithflanding the fpecial provifions of any aft or afts of parliament that may be corflrued to ajftft the fame; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mo ft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this aft, and until the His Majefly in expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next PnvV council feffion of parliament, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, by any order or or- fpefting the ders to be iftued from time to time, to give such directions, and trade and make such regulations, touching the trade and commerce to and commerce to from the faid fettlement, and the territories and dependencies thereof, as to his Majesty in council fhall appear moft expedient Hope, and falutary, anything contained in an aft, pafted in the twelfth year of the reign of his majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouraging and encreafing offlipping and navigation\ or in an aft pafted in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his majefty King William the Third, intituled, An aft for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in the plantation trade ; or any other aft or afts of parliament now in force relating to his Majesty’s colonies and plantations, or any other aft or afts of parliament, law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in any wife-notwithflanding.

IL And be it further enafted, Th^t if any goods, wares, or Goods, Sic.

merchandize imported or

160 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1796.

exported con- merchandize whatever, fhall be imported into, or exported from, inacouncUJerSany P^ace or P^aces’ Part tIie ^ Settlement, or its territories forfeited, &c, or dependencies, or (hall be exported from any part of his Ma-jefty’s dominions to any of the, faid places 5 or if any goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be fo imported or exported in any manner whatever, contrary to any such order or orders of his majefty in council, the fame fhall be forfeited, together with the fhip or veffel in which such goods, wares, or merchandize fhall refpecftively be imported or exported, with all her guns, ammunition, furniture, tackle, and apparel, and every such forfeiture fhall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered by such and the like ways, means, and methods, as any forfeiture incurred by any law refpecting the revenue of cuftoms may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered, in places where refpedtively the offences fhall be committed, and the produce thereof fhall be difpofed of, paid, and applied, in like manner, in the faid places refpedtively; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding: provided always, That nothing herein contained (hail in any manner be conftrued to infringe the rights, privileges, and advantages, belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies.

Aft not to infringe the rights of the Eaft India company.

CAP. XXII.

An aft to. explain and amend an aft, made in this prefent feffton of parliament, intituled, An adt for providing an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercifed in the manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to caufe the fame to be embodied, in cafe of neceftity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms.—[December 30, 1796.]

Preamble,

WHEREAS it is expedient that an aft, pajfed in the prefent fejjion of parliament, intituled, An adt for providing an aug-prefent ieihon mentation to the militia, to be trained and exercifed in the man-Ct  ner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to caufe the

fame to be embodied, in cafe of neceftity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms, Jhould be explained and amended, in the particulars after mentioned: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the juftices of the peace for any county, riding, divifion, or place, within their refpedhve cution^aTariy j urifdidlions, fhall have and are hereby vefted with full power other relating and authority, to carry the faid aft into execution, in the like man-to the militia. ner and as fully and effectually as they are authorifed to carry into execution an aft paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for amending and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, or any other adt relating to the militia; and that in all cafes where deputy lieutenants are empowered by the laid adt paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament

Juftices may carry the faid aft into cxe-

Where deputy lieutenants are em-

IJ96.] Annoregni triccfimo feptimo Geoegii III. c. 2z 161

merit, or this ad, to ad in the execution thereof at any fub- p2Tere<?to divifion meeting, any juftice of the peace of the fame county, ,aecjte^ Grthis riding, or place, together with one deputy lieutenant, may exe- a juftice cute the feveral matters and things required to be done at such and deputy meeting, as eftedually as two or more deputy lieutenants of such lieutenant county, riding, or place.  ma^ aC ‘

II.  And be it further enabled That, fo much of the faid ad Supplemen-

of the prefent feffion of parliament as requires every perfon, pre- not/o be vioully to his being enrolled, or permitted to ferve, in the fup- required to plementary militia of any county, riding or place, tofwearthat he lwear theyare is a Proteftant, (hall be and is hereby repealed ; and that it (hall be Proteftants, lawful for the perfon or perfons authorifed to adminifter the oath admlmf" prefcribed by the faid ad of the prefent feflion of parliament, and tcringtheoath he and they is and are hereby required in every cafe in admini- to omit cer-ftering the fame, to omit the following words, videlicet:  And  tain words.

I do fvvear, that I am a Proteftant/

III.  And be it fmther enaded, That if in any county, riding, Where 26 or place, or in any fub -divifion thereof, it (hall have happened Geo. 3. that the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, juftices of the peace, conftables, or other peace officers, have omitted to put the faid

ad of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, into execution, ^y reafon cxeution, that a due return of the annual lifts of men liable to be ballotred becaufe a re* into the militia raifed by virtue of the faid laft mentioned ad was  n;en

' .  .  .  .  _  .  .  lioklp tA h/a

liable to be ballotted has

not made, or not ordered to be made, on the day or in the manner directed by the faid laft mentioned ad, fo that the faid ad, not been pa(Ted in the prefent feffion of parliament, cannot be duly execut- made, or ed for want of such returns ; or if such lieutenants, deputy lieu. wflere

cates of such lifts have not

tenants, or juftices of the peace refpedively, have omitted to put the ad of the prefent feffion into execution, by negleding to beenmadeout, make out duplicates of such lifts which have been returned the powers to them, according to the faid laft mentioned ad, or have been  °f

prevented from making out the fame, it (hall and may be lawful  en

for the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, and juftices of the peace maybeexecu-refpedively, to execute the powers contained in the faid ad ted at any palled in the prefent feffion of parliament at any meeting to be meeting after held after the pafting of this ad, whether the purposes to be exe- a#1™? such cuted at such meeting (ball have relation to the militia railed manner that under the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, and to the the fup pie faid fupplementary militia to be railed under the laid ad of the !?^ntar7 r/^“ prefent feffion, jointly, or to either of the faid ads feparately, or Raifed without to meet for that purpose at any other time or times after the palT- delay, ing of this ad, and from time to time, as there ftiall be occafion; and they are hereby refpedively authorifed and required, as foon as conveniently may be, to meet and to execute the powers contained in the laid ad pafted in the prefent feffion, in such manner that the faid fupplementary militia may be raifed without delay : and it ftiall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants and Deputy lieu-

tenants, may pro- e»: on returns

juftices fo met, to proceed to execute the faid ad on the returns already made for the purposes aforefaid ; or where no such returns {hall have been made, or the fame {hail have been loft or ainauy made, deftroyed, to order freffi lifts to be made out and returned, as or where none Vol. XLf.  M  tliers  aremaJt>

i6z

may order fvefh ones to be made out; and where exemptions have been erroneoufly allowed, may amend lifts, and direCt frefti ballots to be taken, &c.

Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1796.

there fhall be occafion ; and where lifts have been returned, and any exemption (hall have been claimed, and erroneoufly, or contrary to this aft, allowed, it (hall be lawful for the faid deputy lieutenants andjuftices refpeftively, and they are hereby required to amend the duplicate of such lifts, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid act of the prelent feflion of parliament, and of this aft; and (where there fhall be occafion) to order and dire<Sh a frefti ballot to be taken; and all afts which might lawfully have been done at any meeting held on the days mentioned in the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, and which fhall have been done at any other meeting held under the faid add, fhall be as valid and effectual as if the fame a6ts had been done on the days and in the manner directed by the faid afts, or either of them; and all such meetings to be held after the palling of this aft, for the purpose of carrying into effeft the proceedings of former meetings, or of fupplying any defect or omiflion in such proceedings, or of rectifying the fame, or of further carrying the faid aft of the prefent feflion into execution, and all afts to be done at such meetings to be held after the pafling of this aft, purfuant in all refpefts to the direftions of the faid afts, or either of them (except as to the time of doing the fame), fhall be, and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual, notwithftanding any Uwho*h a ve  ^ormer defeft, omiflion, or error as aforefaid ; and all lieu-

omitted to aft, tenants, deputy lieutenants, andjuftices of the peace, who have or have afted omitted to carry, or have been hindered from carrying the faid erroneoufly aft 0f the prefent feflion into execution, according to the directions thereof, or fhall have executed the fame erroneoufly, by allowing any exemption contrary to the intent thereof, or of this aft, and who fhall at any other time or times have met and executed the fame, or who fhall meet and execute the fame according to the direftions of this aft, fhall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againft all penalties and damages, and againft all aftions and profecutions what-foever, incurred or to be incurred by reafon of any negleft, omiflion, or hindrance as aforefaid; and all conftables and other officers are hereby alfo indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from all penalties and damages, and 3gainft all aftions and profecutions incurred or to be incurred for any aft done or to be done by them in purfuance of any order or orders of the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, or juft ices of the peace, made or to be made purfuant in all other refpefts to the directions of the faid afts, except as to the time of making the fame; and none of his or their afts fhall be queftioned or avoided by reafon of the fame refpeftively.

IV.  And be it further enafted, That in cafe any aftion, fuit, bill of indiftment or information, fhall, from and after the pafling of this aft, be brought, carriedon, or profecuted,againft anyperfonor per-fons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified for or on account of any penalty or damages incurred or to be incurred for any omiflion or negieft before mentioned, or for any aft done in purfuance of this aft, such perfon or perfons may plead the general

indemnified#

In aftions brought againft perfons hereby indemnified,

the gen^ r.sl

iftue may be pleaded.

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 22.'  163

ral ififfie, and upon their defence give this a6fc and the fpecial matter in evidence upon any trial to be had thereupon.

V.  And be it further enabled, That if in any county, riding. If by Jan.-30,

according

*79 7>

a fuf-

e> ficient nurn-

or place, a fufficient number of officers, duly qualified

to the laid a6ts, {hall not be appointed to comrnifiions in the ber of officers fupplementary militia to be raifed for the faid county, riding, or fhall not be place, on or before the thirtieth day of 'January one thousand appointed, the

lieutenant and deputy

feven hundred and ninety-seven, it (hall be lawful for the lie tenant and deputy lieutenants refpebtivdy, (and they are hereby Heii tenants required, as foon as conveniently may be), to appoint a fufficient may appoint number of such other perfons, as are defcribed in the (aid a6I of such perfons the prefent feffion, to be officers in the faid fupplementary militia, ^ inVhe ala " fubjedfi to the approbation of his Majsfty, and in the manner of the'prefent therein direded.  feffion.

VI.  And be it further enabled, That if it {hall appear to the If it fhall ap-lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants, at any time pear before

before the fifteenth day o{"January one thousand seven hundred /TV IZ\i7-9'7*

.  .  -  ,  J  J  ,  r  ,  that a 1 urn el-

and nmety-seven, that a (umcient number or non-commiilioned ent number

officers, drummers, or private men, cannot conveniently be of non.com-

fpared from the regiment, battalion, or company of militia ferv- miffioned of-

ing for any county, riding, or place, to train and exercife the faid

fupplementary militia to be raifed by virtue of the faid act of the fpareci frotn

prefent feffion as aforesaid, for such county, riding, or place, it fhall the militia,

be lawful for the lieutenant and deputy lieutenants refpe&ively, to train the

and he and they is and are hereby required to appoint, for that ffipplemen-

r r , J .  r  r  j  n  u  r  tary militia,

purpofe, such number  of men  from  and  amonglt the perlons  put chelfea pen-

or to be put on the eftablifhment of Chelfea hofpital, as fhall be fionerscer-certified to him or them, by the fee re tary at war for the time tifiedby the being, to be fit and proper perfons for such fervice ; and any war^s fit deficiency of non-commiffioned officers, drummers, or privates, may\)e * remaining after jfuch appointments, maybe fupplied by any per- appointed,&c. Tons who fhall have ferved as non-commiffioned officers, drum- deficiencies mers, or privates, in his Majesty’s army, or in the militia, and ftill remaining have been difeharged therefrom, or such other perfons as the faid  hip-

lieutenant and deputy lieutenants refpeclively fhall judge to be j-^s per proper for that fervice and fhall appoint; and any perfon fo to be charged from appointed fhall be entitled to the fame pay during such fervice as thy army, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men, ferving  See,

in the fupplementary miiitia, would be entitled to by virtue ot such appointment according to the faid a61, over and above any other pay, emolument, or allowance, to which they or any of them may be refpebbively entitled.

Vil. And be it further enacted, That the powers given by the Powers given

faid a6t of the prefent feffion to the lieutenant and deputy lieute- to heuter,ants r  and deputy

nants ol any county, riding or place, to quarter and billet the ]K-Utenantsto

fupplementary militia to be raifed by virtue of the find a61, (nail qu o ter the

not reftrain or fie confirmed to reftrain jufticesof the peace of fupplementary

bailiffs, conflables, ty-  n.Qtto

5  ,  -  re  it  ram  jul-

counties, ridings, or places, riiayc

thingmen, headboroughs, and other chief magiftrates and officers tices> &c of cities, towns, panihes, ty things, and places, from quartering from billeting and billetting the faid fupplementary militia; but that all such them.

m 2.  magiftrates

164 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1796.

magiftrates may, within their refpedfive jurifdidlions, quarter and billet the faid fupplementary militia, and provide lodgings for the non-commiffioned officers of such militia, under and according to the powers and diredlions given by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid.

VIII.  And be it further enadfed, That no perfon who fhall be ballotted to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia, and who fhall forfeit and pay the penalty of fifteen pounds, prefcribed by the faid adl, for negledling to ferve or to provide a fubftitute, (hall be liable to be ballotted for again, either for the militia raifed by virtue of the faid adf of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, or by any other add of parliament, or for the faid fupplementary militia, for the period of five years.

IX.  And be it further enacled. That no perfon chofen by ballot to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia, nor any fubftitute, being of the full height of five feet two inches, fhall be deemed

, unfit for fervice, or be liable to be difeharged, by reafon that

Perfon s ballotted paying 15I. for not ferving or providing a fub-ftitute not liable to be ballotted for again for the militia for 5 years.

No perfon cho'en by ballot, nor any fubftitute.

5 teet 2 inches such perfon is under the height required by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid.

X.  And be it further enabled, That nothing contained in the faid adl of the prefent feffion, {hall be conftrued to empower any overfeer of the poor of any parifh, tything, or place, to provide any volunteer or volunteers for the faid fupplementary militia, without the confent of the inhabitants of such parifh, tything, or place, to be obtained in the manner diredfed by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid.

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enadled,. That it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to offer themfelves to ferve as fubftitutes in the faid fupplementary militia, for any such fub-divi-fion, and to appear before any deputy lieutenant or juftice of the peace, within such time and at such place as is provided for the enrolling volunteers under the faid a 61 of the prefent feffion; and that in every such cafe, a corredt lift fhall then and there be made of the names and places of abode of all such perfons fo appearing, who fhall be approved of according to the provifions of the faid adb, and such perfons, fo approved, fhall be accepted as fubftitutes for such fub-divifion.

XII.  And be it further enadled. That it fhall and may be lawful for the overfeer or overfeers of the poor of any parifh or place within the fub-divifion for which such perfon or perfons fhall have offered themfelves fo to ferve as fubftitutes, (according to the order in which the faid parifh or place fhall ftand upon the lift prepared for the ballot), to give any such perfon or perfons (according to the order in which their names (hall have been entered in the lift as aforefaid), any such fum as fhall be deemed reafonable, and fhall be fixed by the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, at any fub-divifion meeting to be held after the pafling of this adl, after they fhall have been fworn and enrolled to ferve as the fubftitute or fubftitutes for such parifh or place in. the faid fupplementary militia, in manner as diredled in the faid

adt;

high, to be deemed unfit for fervice. A<ft of the prefent feffion not to empower any overfeer to provide volunteers without the confent of the parifhioners. Subftitutes may offer themfelves at such time and place as is piovided for enrolling volunteers.

Overfeers may give fubftitutes such fum as fhall be fixed by the fub-divifion meeting, which they may reimburse themfelves out of the rates.

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptitno Georg 11 III. c. 22.  165

ad; and it fhall be lawful for fnch overfeers to reimburfe them-felves out of any monies of the rates then raifed, or to be reim-burfed out of any monies thereafter to be raifed for the relief of the poor, in such manner as they may reimburfe themfelves, or be reimburfed for any monies by them expended in matters relating to the poor.

Xill. And be it further enacted, That no perfon enrolled in Supplement the laid fupplementary militia dial!, during his fervtce therein, rnJn not li*. according to the diredions of the laid ad of the prefent fefiion, yc t0 be be liable to be chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia raifed or to choren by be raifed by virtue of the laid ad of the twenty-fixth year afore- ballot to faid, or any other ad relating to the faid militia.  otheVmilitla.

XIV.  And be it further enabled, That the deputy lieutenants, gut> rhvifion

or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one meetings may

juftice of the peace, at any fub-divifion meeting to be held after fix the turns

the palling of this ad, may fix the average current price then to be paid for

paid, or which in their judgement fhall be a reafonable fum to V°luntvers,

I • t r  1  •  >  r  •  ,  r 1  .  .  according to

be paid for a volunteer in the laid lupplementary militia ; and which the

that in every cafe where anv perfon falling within the circum* elm ms for

fiances provided for by the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year half the cur-

aforefaid, fhall claim to be entitled to one half of the current

price then paid for a volunteer, such price fhall, in ail cafes re- fhall be afeer-

lating to the laid fupplementary militia, be afeertained by the tained.

average current price then fixed by the faid deputy lieutenants or

jullices refpedively, to be paid for volunteers in the faid fupple-

mentary militia, and not according to the diredions contained in

the laid ad of the twenty-fmh year aforelaid; one moiety of

which price fo to be fixed fhall be paid to such perfon by such

churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, at such times, and in

fuch manner, and under such regulations, in all refpeds, except

as to the amount thereof as aforefuid, as are provided by the faid

ad of the twenty-fix tli year a fore fa id.

XV. And be it further enaded, That if in any county, rid- In anyplace or place, for which any men are to be raifed for the faid where the

mg,

fupplementary militia, the numbers appointed to be raifed by the pointe^^o^be faid act of the prefent felfion fhall, together with the numbers railed by the fervmg in the militia for the fame county, riding, or place, ad of the railed bv virtue of the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent iVlajefty, amount in the whole to more than the propor-  Irving

tion herem-after mentioned within such county, riding, or place, in the militia, it fhall be lawful for the lieutenant of the fame to transmit to his lh’ll amount Majesty’s privy council an account in writing of the true date of the number of perfons liable to ferve under the laid ad of the portion0 the" twenty-fixth of his prefent Majesty j on receipt of which his litmen ;nt Majesty’s privy council final 1 forthwith fix and lettle, as nearly as to tranfinit an may be, the number of the fupplementary militia, who (hail ^®unt ot ferve for such county, riding, or place, fo as not to exceed, to- ^le to lerve gether with the numbers feiving in the faid militia railed under 26 Geo, under the authority of the faid ad of the twenty-lixch year 3- c *c7-of his prefent Majesty, the proportion of one for every fix of ^ounci^who the whole number of perfons returned by the lieutenant as ^ fix’the liable to ferve under the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year of his number of

m 3  prelent



166 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 2.2. [1796. the fupple- prefent Majesty; and where the number of fupplementary militia

mentary nu-lila, and if lefs than the number appointed by the ad of the prefent fe£ fion, the iurplus fhall

men, fo fixed by his Majesty’s privy council, {hall be lefs than the number of such militia men who are by the faid ad of the prefent feffion of parliament appointed.to ferve for any county, riding, or place, then and in every such cafe the general meeting of lieutenancy for such county, riding, or place, afiembled for that purpose, in cafe the faid fupplementary militia (hall have been raifed for such county, riding, or place, fit all difeharge, by

be dii'charged, ballot, proportionally out of each refpedive hundred, rape, lath, ^c#  wapentake,  or  other  divifion,  fo  many  militia  men as fhall exceed

the number fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid ; and in cafe the faid fupplementary militia fhall not have been raifed for such county, tiding, or place, then the faid general meeting of lieutenancy (hall make an apportionment of the number of men to be raifed in each hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or divifion, within fucli county, riding, or place, according to the number of men fo fixed and fettled by his Majesty’s privy council as aforefaid ; and the deputy lieutenants of the refpedliVe fub-divifions within such county, riding, or place, fhall ballot for luch number of men only as ihall be fo fixed and fettled as aforefaid.

XVI. Arid whereas at the time of puffing the faid add of the pre-Jcnt feffion, no return had teen or yet is made for the tozun of Birmingham in the county of Warwick,' of the number of men liable to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia for the faid town: be it further enabled, That as foon as a return Ihall be made to his Ma-jefty’s pi ivy council, of the number of men liable to ferve for the laid town of Birmingham, in the faid fupplementry militia (which return the lieutenant of the laid county of Warwick is hereby required to make as foon as conveniently may be), it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefiy’s privy council, and they are

As foon as a return of the number of men liable to ferve for Birmingham is made to the

to ferve, in a certain proportion to the number contained in the returns.

?hey^fhal^fix hert'fiy required forthwith to fix and fettle, as near as may be, the number the number of men who fhall ferve in the faid fupplementary militia for the laid town of Birmingham, and which number fo to be fixed fhall not bear a greater proportion to the number of perfons contained in such returns than (hall be necelTary to bring the number cf men now ferving for the town of Birmingham in the militia for the county of Warwick, and the number fo to be fixed for the faid fupplementary militia, in the whole to the proportion as near as may be of one for every fix perfons contained in the faid returns fo to be made for the laid town of Birmingham, and to tranfmit accounts of the number fo fixed and fettled to the lieutenant of the faid county of Warwick for the time being.

XVII. And be it further enabled, That the refpedfive clerks of the general fub-divifion meetings of lieutenancy, conftables, and other officers, who are hereby refpeefively required to execute the faid act palled in this feffion of parliament, or this ad, in any of the particulars therein or herein mentioned, and who judge proper, ffiall refpebiively execute the fame to the fatisfadion ofthejuf-

ofthe^ounty tlces l^e Peacc at ^*e*r refpe&ive quarter feffions afiembled within the faid counties, ridings, and places, therein mentioned, fhall have and receive luch rewards, and no other, for their care

and

Officers executing ad to receive such rewards as the quarter feffions (hall

rates.

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 22.  167

and trouble in and about the executing the faid adt of theprefent feffion of parliament and this adt, and for their refpedtive expences and charges in the fame, as the juftices (hall judge the faid officers to have deferred; and the faid juftices dial], after allowance thereof, airedt the fame to be paid by the treafurer, or other officer of such county, riding, or place, out of any money in his hands of the county rates ; and if such treafurer or officer fhall not have fufffcient money in his hands, of the county rates, to pay the fame, then such juftices fhall, and are hereby authorifed and required to make a rate for the payment of the fame, in such manner and form as they are authorifed by law to make rates for the repair of gaols or county bridges, or any other purposes for which the rate commonly called The County Rate, is or may by law be applicable.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That the provifions of an Provilionsof act palled in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late ma- 24 Geo. 3. jeffy King George the Second, intituled, An a£l for the rendering ^teridto juftices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their office, and for lieutenants indemnifying conjiables and others afiing in obedience to their warrants, and deputy (hall extend to all his Majeffy’s lieutenants, and to all deputy lieutenants, lieutenants, aching in the execution of this adt, or the faid adt of

the prefent feffion, in like manner and as fully and effedtually as the fame extend to juftices of the peace adting in the execution of their office.

XIX.  And be it further enadted, That no order or convidtion No order or

made by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or by convidtion t°

, J 1  ,  v 4. J s. 1 u ‘  j  .  r  J  beremoved,or

any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one deputy lieu- executi0n

tenant, together with any oae juffice of the peace, or by any fuperfeded by

juftice or juftices of the peace by virtue of the faid act of the pre- writ of

fent feffion, or this adt, fhall be removed by Certiorari out of the Certiorari.

county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, wherein such order

or convidtion was made, into any court whatfoever; and that no

writ of Certiorari fhall fuperfede execution or other proceedings

upon any such order or convidtion fo made in purfuance of the

faid adt of the prefent feffion, or of this adt; but that execution

and other proceedings (hall be had and made thereupon, any such

writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithftanding.

XX.  And be it further enabled, That all and every the pro-The proyffi-vifions of this act fhall, in the execution of the faid adt palled in jgcitedaS of the prefent feffion of parliament, be ufed and applied, and con- the prefent ftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions were fpecially feffion, to be enacted in the faid adt; and all and every the provifions of the ufed in exe-faid adt fhall, in the execution of this adt, be ufed, applied, ex- either* 0 tended, and conftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions

were fp'ecially enadled in this adt.

XXI.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That this Adt may be

adt may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any adt or adts to be  this^"

made in this feffion of parliament. 4  feffion.

M 4

CAP.

168 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 2.3. [1796.

CAP. XXIII.

An cifl to explain and amend an afl, made in this prefent f'JJion of parliament, intituled, An a61 for enabling his Majesty to raife a pr« viiioml force of cavalry, to be embodied, in cafe of necef-fity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms.—[December 30, 1796.]

■ Preamble, re- \\J H E R E A S it is expedient that an aft, faffed in the prefent citing n <ft of v V Jeff on of parliament, intitukd, An act for enabling his Ma-teftion^c0^  jftly to 1 aile a provifional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in

J *  cale of neceffity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms, Jhouh be ex-

plained and amended, in the particulars herein^after mentioned: may » it therefore pieafe vour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no perfon (hall be exempt from the fervice em t from  mentioned in the faid a6t, by reafon of his or her having been an

fervice unlefs artlc^ed clerk or apprentice, unlefs the articles or indentures under bound’on or which such perfon fhall be bound fhall.have been executed on or before Odt.io, before the iweniieth day of Cbioher one thousand feven' hundred fe^vdnanthen an<^ nmety"^x> anc^ ur,Rfs such perfon fhall be aftually ferving ° w under such articles or indentures at the time of his or her claiming such exemption.

II.  And be it further enaftec], That fo much of the faid a6t, pafted in the prefent feflion, as exempts any teacher of a private

feparate ccn cor,greg2tion from the fervice required by the faid aft, fhall be gregation lia- and is hereby repealed : and that no licenfed teacher to any ble to fervice, feparate congregation, fiiall be liable to the fervice required by who is not the fa*IC| who fhall not be charged to the faid dudes on horfes for more than one horfe, mare, or gelding.

III.  And be it further enafted. That if any perfon not charged

to any of the duties on horfes for more than three horles, mares,

or geldings, fhall have ferved or been entered in any volunteer

corps of cavalry, railed by virtue of an a6t, pafted in the thirty-

fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An acl

for enconraging and d ifcip lining such corps or companies of men as fhall

voluntarily enrol thenfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or

three, ferving ccoft< or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the prefent. in the cavalry _______________ n  ^„a  u*

No articled clerk or apprentice ex-

exemption is claimed.

No licenfed teacher of a

charged to the duties on horfes for more than one.

Perfons not charged to the duties on hoiks for more than

war, or who fhall enter or offer himfelf, and be accepted before the fifteenth day of January out thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to ferve in any such corps raifed or to be railed by virtue of the faid a61, before the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or such other day to which the ballot, within any fub-divifion of a county, riding, or divifion, (hall be poftponded by his Majefly’s privy council, in the manner herein-after direfted ; and if such perfon fhall, at his own expence, furmfh a  mare of gelding for the laid fervice, in fuch

fts; but if any Corps, then such  perfon fhall not be liable to be clafted, or to

fuch perfon  provide any man,  or furnifh any mare or gelding, in purfuance

charged for  cf the faid aft of  the prefent feflion, in refpe6t of such horfes,

mares.

railed under 34 Geo 3. c. 31. or who fhall be accepted to Jerve by a limited time, rior to be tlnfrc under recited ; <5t for lueh hor-

579^0 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 23.  169

mares, or geldings, not exceeding three, for which he fhall be more than fo charged : provided always, That if any such perfon as afore- ^ee^°^es* raid, being charged for more than three such horles, (hall be ^^ted or* appointed or chofen by ballot to provide for the fervice required chofcnby bal-by the faid aft of the prefent feffion of parliament, such perfon lot to ferve, be (hall be obliged to provide a proper fubftitute or fubftitutes, for the fervice thereby required, although by reafon of the perfonal  *

fervice of such perfon in such volunteer corps he cannot be enrolled under the faid aft of the prefent feflion of parliament; and as alfoperfons that any other perfon who fhall by virtue of the faid aft be ap- choftn^by bal pointed or choien by ballot to provide for the fervice thereby i0t, deemed requited, and who (hall be deemed unfit for perfonal fervice unfit for fer-therein* for any caufe to be allowed by the deputy lieutenants, ,vice> °f ]'cfuf-or one deputy lieutenant, and one juftice of the peace, acting  °e

for the lbb-di vifion, or who (hall refufe or negleft to take the oath required to be taken under the faid aft, as amended by this aft, {hail be obliged to provide a fubftitute or fubftitutes for the fervice thereby required.

IV.  And be it further enafted, That no inferior officer of his Certain per-Majefty’s duties of cuftoms, nor any fupervifor, riding officer, or exemPt" other inferior officer of the duties on fait, who fhall not be re-fpeftively charged to the faid duties on horfes for more than one

horfe, mare, or gelding, and who fhall make it appear to the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or to one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, at any fub-divifion meeting to be held as aforesaid, that he is obliged by the regulations or orders of his fu peri or officers to keep such horfe, mare, or gelding, for the neceffary performance of his duty, as such officer, fhall be liable to provide any man, or any mare, or gelding, for his Majesty’s fervice, in purfuance of the faid aft 01 the prdenc feffion of parliament.

V.  And be it further enafted, That no mare, or gelding, No horfe of provided by any perfon by virtue of the faid aft, and being of the 14 har)?s or, height of fourteen hands or upwards, fhall be deemed unfit for r^e&edVn ^ fervice, or rejected at any mufter held under the faid aft of *the account of its prefent feffion, by reafon that such mare or gelding may be under height.

the height required by the faid aft.

VI.  And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid aft

of the prefent feffion as requires every perfon previoufly to his t'wear^he is a° being enrolled, or permitted to ferve in the cavalry of any county, Proteftant, riding, or place, to fwear that he is a Proteftant, fhall be, and and in admi-it is hereby repealed ; and that it fhall be lawful for the oerfan or niftennS th.e perlons authoriled to adminifter the oath prefcribed by the faid vJorjs to be aft of the prefent feffion of parliament, and he and they is and omitted, are hereby required in every cafe in adminiftering the fame, to omit the following words, videlicet; c And I do fwear that I am a ProteflantP

VII.  And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where the Where de~ faid deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice

of the peace, have already omitted, or fhall at any time or times jJave^omitted hereafter omit, to meet or execute any of the powers of the laid to meet to ex -

aft ecute the re-.

i70 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 23. [1796.

cited aft, aft: of the prefent feftion of parliament, at the time or times, or ^ey-ymeet acccording to the manner prefcribed by the faid aft, it' (hall and pofe ^nd^re may  f°r ^le deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of

required as them, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the. peace, foon after a (Sting for any fub-divifion of any county, riding, or divifion, to a (Ting this meet and execute the faid powers, or any of them, at any other

ad as convenient, to meet to

time or times, and from time to time as there fhall be occafion; execute the 2nd they are hereby authorifed and required, as foon after the

fame.

Mode of pealing.

paffing of this aft as fhall be convenient, to meet at such time or times as they fhall think fit, and execute the fame at any meeting or meetings, to be held in purfuance of (even days previous notice, to be given in the manner directed by the faid aft, or by adjournment, as the cafe may require, fo as the faid aft may be fully executed ; and all meetings and afts of the faid deputy lieutenants or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace in any such fub-divifion, which have been already had purfuant (in all other refpefts) to the direftions of the la d aft, or which fliall hereafter be had under the authority given by this aft, fhall be deemed and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding such former omifiion or defeft.

VIII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon whose name fliall be inferted in any lift or clafs made out in purfuance of the faid aft, fhall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved thereby, and fliall claim to be exempted from the lervice mentioned therein, it (hall be lawful for such perfon, and he or fhe is hereby required, in every cafe where no ballot fhall have taken place, to appeal to the fub-divifion meeting appointed to be held for the purpose of taking the ballot to be made for such clafs, and before such ballot fhall take place, and that where such ballot fhall have taken place before the palling of this aft, then to appeal to the next fub-divifion meeting for hearing such appeals to be held by the appointment of two or more of the faid deputy lieutenants, or of one deputy lieutenant and one'juft ice of the peace, or by adjournment, which meetings the faid deputy lieutenants andjuftices refpeftively are hereby authorifed and required, whenever there fhall be occafion, to appoint, at any time after the eighth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety feven, and within twenty-one days after the pafiing of this aft, uniefs a meeting fhall beheld by adjournment on a convenient day within the time before limited ; and any two or more of the faid deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine all such appeals; and the determination of the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them there affembled, or the major part of nic^iing3 to be tem^ or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace there afiembled, fliall be final to all intents and purposes ; and the faid deputy lieutenants and jufiices of the peace refpeftcively fhall, after Lifts, See.may hearing any such appeal, direft, as the cafe fhall require, the lifts, be amended aiKj alfo the claffes in all cafes where any exemption fhall be and a irc(h aj|0Wed in any clafs, to be amended 5 and if there fhall be occa-

Mectings for bearing appeals to be appointed when necef-iary.

Determina^ tion at such

ballot taken.

fion.

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 23.  171

fion, a frefh ballot to be taken; and fhall and may from time to time adjourn their meetings,, or appoint other meeiings, and repeat the amending of the lifts and making the new claffes, and taking a frefh ballot, as often as may be neceffary for carrying the purposes of the faid a <51 of the prefent fefTion into execution.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no Claffes not to amendment fhall be made in any clafs, unlefs the name of fome amended perfon or perfons inferred therein fhall have been ftruck out, or cafes^Certam the number of horfes, mares, or geldings, inferted therein fhall 9

have been altered by the order of two deputy lieutenants, or one

deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace; and that no frefh nor anY frt’fh

ballot' fhall take place until such clafs fhall be amended by the°j^totakc

infertion of the name or names of fome other perfon or perfons"

therein, and fo as to make up the due number of horfes, mares,

and geldings required to be inferted therein: provided aifo, That Sub-divifion

in order to fill up any clafs or clafLs from which the name or meetings may

names of-any perfon or perfons fhall have been ftruck out, it

fhall be lawful for two or more of the faid deputy lieutenants, names

or one deputy lieutenant and one juflice of the peace, at have been

any fub-divifion meeting, whenever the name of any perfon ftruck out, by

charged to the faid duties on horfes who ought to be claffed in^eitin2' n  .  .  r  1  r  ,  .  r , names omit-

mall have been omitted, to caule the lame to be interred tecj ^

in any such defective clafs, in order to compleat such clafs, or if it fhall be expedient, then to distribute the perfons com-poling dny entire clafs orclafTes amongft the faid defebfive claiTes, in such manner as to compleat the fame, and fo from time to time to alter, vary, or amend such claffes, as often as fhall be neceffary, until all such claffes fhall be compleated, according to the intent and meaning of the faid a«51 of the prefent feffion of parliament; and it fhall be lawful for the lieutenant General meet-and two deputy lieutenants, or for three deputy lieutenants, at *nSs maY> t any general meeting of lieutenancy for any county, riding, or b^taken^10* divifion, where a ballot fhall have taken place before the palling p]:ice before of this adf, if they refpedlively fhall fee occafion, to amend the pa fling this claffes in various inflances, to direct the formation of the dalles a<T dire<51 throughout any fub-divifion of such county, riding, or divifion, beformed^nd where such inftances occur, anew, and to proceed to ballot a ballot thereupon as if no such former ballot had been made.  to be made.

X.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing £epUty ]jeLl. herein-before contained (hall be conffrued to authorife or require tenants, &c. the refpective deputy lieutenants or jufficcs of the peace, or any not to annul of them, to annul or let afide any of their proceedings refpecfhng pr?c^*n^s any clafs or claffes of perfons already made, or any appointment ^alTcs'already or appointments, or ballot, already had, unlefs in their judge- made, &c. meat the fame (hall appear to be neceffary and expedient, for unlefs for

the purpose of completing such of the faid claffes from which any completing names of perfons, or any enumeration of mares or geldings, have been alu-recT been ffruck out upon appeal as aforesaid, or otherwife, iri pur-on appeal, &c. fuance of the directions of this ail.

XL And be it further enacted. That the number of horfes, The number mares, or geldings, included in any affeffment or affeffments made after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- mJnt made

fix,

 Cj OO^Ic

ijz Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1796.

after April 5, fix, or to be made, to any of the duties granted by the afts of ^aie  ^ tvvenhMourt^ twenty-ninth, and thirty-fourth years of the

1 u reign of his prefent Majefly, or any of them, in the faid aft of the prefent feflion of parliament mentioned, fhall be inferted in the fchedule direfted by the faid aft to be laid before the general meetings of lieutenancy in their refpeftive counties, ridings, and places in the laid act defcribed ; and that from time to time new lchedules fhall be prepared of any other horfes, mares, or geldings, which fhall be.aflefied to the faid duties, or any of them, to be laid before luch general meetings, which laft-mentioned

duties granted by Certain afts, to be inserted in the Schedules to he Hid before the general meetings; and new lchedules, from time to time, of other horfeS a defied to thole duties, to be laid before them, until the fer-vice required

horfes, mares, or geldings, fhall from time to time be enume-

rated or clafoed in the manner herein direfted, until the fervice required by trie faid aft fnall be completed : provided always. That if any perfon fhall have bona fide ceafed to keep or ufe any horfe, mare, or gelding, cr any number of horfes, mares, or geldings, for which he or fire is charged in any such affeffment, at all times fince the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and fhall' have remained during the be completed. wj-10jc interval without any horfe, mare, or gelding, liable to any Per fens ceai- tilc duties, in lieu of the former horfe, mare, or gelding, holies for ^ horfes, marcs, or geldings, it fhall be lawful for the deputy which they are lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieute-affeifed, fince nant and one juftice of the peace, acting for any fub-divifton 0-51. 20, 1796, before whom any appeal for that caufe thall be brought in pur-,-peal Ztt ftiance of this aft, to difeharge such horfe, mare, or gelding, or them ft ruck such horfes, mares, or geldings, which such perfon (hall have coded to keep or ufe as aforefaicl, from the copy of the fchedule whereon the fame refpectively (hall appear to have been fo charged ; and such perfon fhall not be liable to provide lor the fervice required by the faid act in refpeft of any horfe, mare, or gelding Ifruck out of such copy, in the manner and for the caufe herein dhefted.

out of the fchedule.

Perfons charged for other 11 titles under the management of the commiftV);.ers for t in a d liferent pi '.ce ' han for horfes, may el.cC in which ;hi: y ftiall 1 e returned, S:c.

XII. And be it further enafted, Thft it fhall and may be lawful for any perlon liable to the fervice required by the faid aft ot the prelent (eflion, who (hall be charged to any other duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of tuxes, in any place different from the place or places where he or ffte hiall be charged to the faid duties on horfes, to elect in which of the laid places he or foe fhall be returned as liable to the kid fervice, giving such notices thereof and procuring such certificates as are required to be made and procured by the faid ait in other cases where Inch eleftion may be made; and in cafe such perfon ibail eleft to ferve in the place where he or (he ihall be charged to any other addled duties than the faid duties on horfes, then the number of horfes, mares, or geldings, for which he fhall be fo charged, (hall be indorfed or written upon the afle foment made after the fifth day of dpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, in refpeft of such other duties upon such perfon in the place where he or foe foal! make such eleft ion to ferve in purfuance of such certificates; and all fines and penalties •which such perfon may incur, and all other payments to which

fuch

173

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 23.

fuch perfon may become liable, in purfuance of the laid act, fhall and may from time to time Be added to the faid alTeffment upon which the number of horfes, mares, or geldings, for which he or fhe (hall be fo charged, (hall be endorfed or written in purfuance of such certificates, and (hall be levied and accounted for, together with the duties therein refpe&ively contained, fubjedt to such application as is provided by the faid in refpedt of fines, penalties, and other payments aforefaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every clafs of per-fons made out or to be made out in purfuance of the faid act of jot ^all fall, the prefent feflion, the perfon on whom the lot fhall fall fhall be fhall provide bound to provide a man, who fhall be approved in the manner an approved dire&ed by the faid a£t; and that no allowance fhall be made to ™an» anc* no such perfon in refpedt thereof beyond such fum as (hall be fettled no l^lTbe*1 made ; by the general meeting of lieutenancy of the fame county, riding, in refpetft

or divifion, where such perfon (hall be chofe

to be a fair com- thereof be-penfation in refpedi of the cloathing to be provided ; unlefs such perfon fhall be deemed unfit for the faid fervice, in which cafe c-eneral meet-an allowance (hall be made, in refpeet thereof, of such firm of ing, unlefs the money as fhall be fettled at a fub-divillon meeting of lieutenancy perfon be in the divifion of the fame county, riding, or place, where such ^f^vdce ^ perfon fmll ferve, to be a fair compenfation for the fame, and which compenfation (hall be apportioned, afiefied, collected, and paid in the manner diredled by the faid adfc.  N «

XIV.  And be it further enabled, That no allowance fliall be to be made'to made to any perfon on whom the lot (hall fall, in any clafs, to the perfon on provide a mare or gelding for the faid fervice, beyond such fum whom the lot as (hall be fettled at a general meeting of lieutenancy, to be si-

lowed for any extra expences to be incurred in providing furni- horfe, beyond ture, and in maintaining and keeping such mare or gelding, the fum fet-unlefs such perfon, at the time of such ballot being had, (hall not ded a general be actually poflefled of any mare or gelding, which (hall be ^p-proved in purfuance of the directions contained in the faid a<St; ballot he fhall in which cafe such allowance dial I be made, as (hall be fettled at not be pof-fuch fub-divifion meeting of lieutenancy as aforefaid to be a fair k(Ted of aa compenfation for the fame, and which (hall be apportioned, af-adP^ovecl fefled, collected, and paid, in the manner directed by the faid aCl.  *

XV.  And be it further enacted, That fo much of the faid a£t recited^a^as

made in the prefent fefiion of parliament, as directs an allowance directs allow-to be made to the perfon who (hall provide a fubflitute in cafes ance in certain where in any clafs there (hall not be a perfon fit for military ler- f°r vice, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.  p»aled ’ r6~

XVI.  And be it further enadted, That whenever any mare or ^rbenev^r gelding which (hall have been approved at a mu (ler made in pur- any horfe fhall fuance of the faid a<5t of the prefent feffion, fhall die, or become die or become unfit for fervice, the perfon before appointed or chofen by ballot unfit for fer-to provide such mare or gelding fhall be obliged to provide ano- f^K^itiit^'die ther mare or gelding, which (hall be approved in like manner; or\c dif-and that whenever any fubftitute fib all die, or fhall be difcharged charged, the in purfuance of the (aid a£t, the perfon who (hall have provided perloa who such fubftitute (hall be obliged to provide another man to the

faid another, for



174 Anno regnl triceflmo feptimo Grorgii III. c? 23. [1796,

which be fhall faid fervice in the room of the fubftitute fo dying or difcharged ;

and in every such cafe the perfon fo providing such other man,

receive com-penfation.

or

fuch other mare or gelding, (hall

a compenlation,

to

be fettled at a fub-divifion meeting of lieutenancy in the manner allowance0 before directed : provided always. That where such allowance fhall be made thall be made in refped of any mare or gelding provided under for a horfe, it this ad, such mare or gelding fhall remain under and fubjed to {hall be lub- all the conditions, reftridions, and regulations, for returning the fame, as are contained in the laid ad, in the like cafes where allowances are directed to be made by the faid ad.

XVII. And be it further enabled. That all the perfons charged or to be charged to the faid duties on horfes, in any county, riding, or divifion, at any time during the continuance of the faid ad of the prefent feiiion, until the men ferving in purfuance of the faid act (hall be called out and embodied according to the directions therein contained, although such perfons may not be included in any clafs or dalles, and although such perfons refpec-lively may ferve, or may have provided for the faid fervice, in

jec5t to the conditions of the recited a<5t All perfons charged to the duties on horfes, until the men ferv-ing underihe recited act, fhall be embodied, lhall be liable to be a fie fled towards allowances.

Perfons enrolled may, before their corps are ordered to be drawn out, produce iubftitutes.

Whenever the

the manner direded by the faid ad, fhall be liable to be aflefTed according to the general eftimate to be made in such county, riding, or divifion, towards the allowances to be made in purfuance of the faid ad and of this ad, in proportion to the number of horfes, mares, or geldings, for which he or the are or fhall be charged to the faid duties.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for any perfon appointed or chofen by ballot, and enrolled to ferve by virtue of the faid ad of the prefent feflion, at any time before the corps in which he fhall be enrolled fhall be ordered to be drawn out or embodied, to give notice in writing of his intention to refgn to any one or more of the deputy lieutenants or juftices of the peace ading for the fub-divifion for which he fhall ferve, and to produce a fubftitute at the next meeting to be holden for such fub-divifion after such norice, who, being approved, (hall be enrolled and fworn in the manner direded by the faid ad, and thereupon the perfon fo refigning {hall be entitled to his dif-charge, to be made out in writing under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace ading as..aforefaid,

XIX.  And be it further enaded. That whenever the men

men are called ferving under the find ad of the prefent leffion fhall be called out and embodied as aforeiaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the deputy lieutenants, or any t wo or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, ading for any fub-divifion of a county, riding, or divifion, by an order in writing under their hands and feals, to dirtd the receiver general of the fame county, riding, or divifion, to pay to the commanding officer of such men, or other perfon appointed provifionally to the com-

out, the dc puty lieutenants, kc. may dired the county receiver general to pay not exceeding 10I. in refpc<ft of each lVibfti-tute, &c.

mand for ceedi ferve

of such men, in refped of each and every perfon ferving the refped.ve fub-divifions as a fubftitute, any fum not ex-g ten pounds, as the perfon for whom such fubftitute fhall

(hall have contraded to give to such fubftitute, such con-

trad

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 23.  175

tra<51 being regiftered with the clerk of the fub-divifion where

inch fubftitute (hall ferve, within one month after the time of

his enrolment in the faid lervice; and such receiver general fhall

forthwith pay the fame accordingly out of any monies in his

hands of the monies raifed by virtue of the faid ad, or if he ill a! i

not have fufficient of the faid money, then to pay the fame out

of any monies in his hands, or which fhall be paid to him of or

for any of the duties under the management of the commiffion-

ers for the affairs of taxes, all which funis fo paid fhali be allowed

to such receiver general in his accounts,

XX.  And be it further enabled, That if in any fub-divifion Volunteers c  J  c  t  railed under

or any county, riding, or diviiion, any number or volunteers Geo. 3

who {hall be formed or raifed under the authority of the faid ad c. 31. before paffed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prelent Ma- Jan. 15,1797, jefty, at any time after the palling of this ad, and before the ^nd^their^^ fifteenth day of ‘January one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ]lorfeg5 mRy feven, (hall be produced before the deputy lieutenants, or before be regiftered; one deputy lieutenant and one juliice of the peace, at any meet- and it'they ing held for such fub-divifion within the time before limited ; am^nt [Qh and if each of such volunteers (hall be refpedively cloathed, and tS0°^e e (hall be provided with a mare or gelding fit for military fervice, raifed in the . and fhair be, together with their refpedive mares or geldings, fub-divifion approved by such deputy lieutenants or juftices, in the manner ^ directed by the faid ad of the prefent feffion, it ill a 11 and may be the prefent lawful for such deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, feffion, the or such deputy lieutenant and juftice of the peace 2s aforesaid, to further exe-caufe their names and places of abode to be regiftered in books to be prepared for that purpose, and kept by the clerk of such certSn^parti-lub-divifion meetings ; and if the number of volunteers to be re- outers, befuf-giftered in any fub-divifion within the time before limited fhall pended, amount to or exceed three fourth parts of the whole number of men to be raifed within such fub-divifion by virtue of the faid a£t of the prefent feffion, the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace there attending, may fufpend the further execution of the faid ad of the prefent feffion within such fub-diviiion, fo far as re fpedls the making of appointments, and the taking of ballots of perfons to provide men, and to furnifh mares and geldings for his Majesty’s fervice, and for enforcing their attendance at muf-ter ; and every volunteer fo regiftered (hall, in all cafes where Volunteers fo such fufpenfion (hall take place, be entitled to receive, and (hall  J

be allowed, the like compenfation for extra expences in refped kcton■-of cloathing to be provided, or for maintaining and keeping their ponfktious as refpedive mares or geldings fit for milirary fervice, as by the faid perfons chofi a ad of the prefent feffion of parliament and this act is directed to by ballot, be allowed to perfons chofen by ballot to provide for his Majcity’s fervice under the faid ad of the prefent feffion; which allowances {hall be fettled by the general meetings of lieutenancy in the fame county, riding, or divifion, and (hall be afteffed in the manner direded by the faid ad ; and the monies fo payable {hall be received by the deputy lieutenant^ and paid over to the commanding

176

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1796.

ing officer of such volunteers, for the ufe of fueh volunteers, in the manner therein directed ; and that all rules and methods for . making and collecting affeffments under the faid adtof the prefent feffion fhall be applied and extended to the making and collecting the affeffments to be paid to the ufe of the faid volunteers, as fully and effectually as if the lame had been hereby exprefsly applied and extended thereto.

If the number XXL And be it further enacted. That although the number

of voluntc-us 0|: volunteers to be fo regiftered within any such fub-divifion, io reeiitcreu  j  /

ihall not a- v/ithin the time herein limited, fhall not amount to three fourth

mount to such parts of the whole number of men to be raifed within such fub-3-4th parts, dffiuon under the authority of the faid adl of the prefent feffion, beTa Proved ^ nevert’nelefs it fhall and may be lawful for such of the faid volun-mayVVeV tecrs wk° &all be cloathed and equipped as aforesaid, and who the in (VI res for fhall be approved, to enter themfelves on the behalf of particular particular perfons and dalles required to provide for the faid military fer-cki^s Vef.ec v*ce mider ffidadi, and to nominate the perfons and claffes ting whom the f°r which they are refpe&ively willing to ferve ; and the faid deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace there attending, (hall caufe the fame to be regiftered in such books as aforefaid ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace refpedively to caufe the further execution of the faid aft of ■ the prefent feffion to be fufpended within such fub-divifion, fo

further ex ecu lion of the 3'ecited aft Ihall be fu impended, &c.; and in such

ciivilion meeting iliall proceed to execute the aft with reipect to such claffes or perfons on whole behalf

cafes the iub- far as refpefts the making of appointments, and the taking of ballots of the perfons and claffes on the behalf of which such volunteers (ball enter themfelves, and for enforcing the attendance at mufter either1 of the perfons enrolled in the faid fervice by virtue of any appointments or ballots taken-of such perfons and claffes refpeftively, or of the volunteers who (hall enter themfelves on the behalf of such perfons and claffes refpeftively ; and every vo-110 volunteers lunteer fo entered fnall be entitled to receive, and (hall be allow-fhall have en- the like compenfation for extra expences as is herein-before 4"‘red*  directed  to  be allowed to volunteers to be regiftered under the

authority of this aft; and that in every cafe where volunteers fnall be entered on the behalf of any perfons or claffes as aforesaid, the deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or any one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, at any meeting of such fub-divifion, fhall, within a reafonable time, proceed within such fub-divifion to appoint such perfons, and to c ho off perfons by ballots from such ciaffes only, and to enforce the enrolment or attendance at mufter of such perfons only on vvhofe behalf no volunteers fhall have fo entered themfelves, un-Jefs in the meantime such fufpenfion thereof as is herein-after An account mentioned fhall be directed ; and the faid deputy lieutenants and Ve V VeUn* juccs °f the peace refpeftively (hall forthwith tranfmit an ac-t ran hr. itted  count of the number of volunteers fo entering themfelves to the

to the county lieutenant of the fame county, riding, or divifion, who fhall lii.uten.int, tranfmit the fame, without delay, to his Majesty’s privy coun-mbVVtVtV ’ and ,#t anc* may be lawful for his Majesty’s privy counprivy council, cil to direft a fufpenfion of the further execution of the faid aft who may al- within any such fub-divifion, for such time as fhall be thought low a further  '  expedient,

1796.] Anno regm tricefimo feptimo Georgii III* c. 23.  177

expedient, in order to give a reafonable opportunity to complete time for com-the quota of such fub-divifion by the raifing and entering of vo-lunteers for the remaining perfons and claffes in such fub-divi- ^  ’

fion ; and in such cafe it {hall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and juflices of the peace refpeftively afting for such fub-divifion, within the time allowed by his Majesty’s privy council, to enter any further number of volunteers on the behalf of the remaining perfons and clafles in such fub-divifion, and at the end If at the end of the time fo allowed to make such appointments of the remain- of the time ing perfons, and choofe such perfons by ballot out of the remain-  16

ing clafles, or to enrol and enforce the attendance at mufter of amount to perfons before appointed or chofen by ballot, on whose behalf no 3-4ths of the volunteers fhall then have entered, as (hall be requifite: provided whole to be always, That if at the end of the time fo allowed, the number °lr  or^

volunteers fo entered (hall amount to or exceed three fourth parts ballot, &c. of the whole number of men to be raifed within such fub-divifion, fhall take place then and in such cafe no appointment or ballot, nor any enrol- in. foment or mufter of perfons appointed or ballotted,or their refpec-tive fubftitutes, fhall take place within or for such fub-divifion, under the faid aft pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament. be fubjeft to

XXII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the provifions every volunteer fo to be regiftered or entering himfelf on the be- of the recited half of any other perfon or clafs as aforesaid, fhall continue to be ^^th^34th and fhall be underflood to ferve under and fubjeft to the provi- entitled to the fions and regulations of the faid aft of the thirty-fourth year of like exemp-the reign of his prefent Majesty, and fhall be entitled to all and tions as vo-every the exemptions which any volunteer entered into any such

corps, at any time before the palling of this aft, or the faid aft fgno. this of the prefent feflion, may be entitled to, by any a£t or afts pafled 0r the* recited in the prefent feflion of parliament, but fhall not be confidered aft of the pre-as liable to the regulations of the faid aft pafled in the prefent noTflabV feflion, either as to his attendance at mufter, or to his being to the refute* drawn out and embodied in purfuance of the faid aft, or to any tions, except penalty or forfeiture for non-attendance at such mufler, or non- such as relate compliance with any of the faid regulations, except as to such to allowances, regulations as are herein-before provided with refpeft to the al- When the vo-lowances to be made to such volunteers .under the authority of tered'fo/an1^ the faid aft of the prefent feflion, or of this aft.  fub-divifion

XXIII.  And be it further enafted, That whenever the num- jfhall amount

ber of volunteers regiftered for any fub-divifion fhall amount to tothepropor-the proportion herein-before fpecified, all and every the appoint- befo^^eci ments already made, and ballots already taken or had, in purfu- £ed, the ap-ance of the faid aft for such fub-divifion, fhall be, and are hereby pointments declared to be void.  '  made, and

XXIV.  And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and void/ one juftice of the peace afting for any fub-divifion, where the \Vbere the appointments and ballots to be made by virtue of the faid aft appointments fhall not have already taken place, to fufpend the making such and ballots appointments, and taking such ballots, until the fifteenth day of' tak^nn°la^V^ January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or fuch

VOL, XLI.  N  other  funded

 DOgle

178 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 23. [1796.

other day to which the fame (hall be poftponed by his Majesty’s privy council, in order that the provifions of this adt, with refpedt to the raifing of volunteers, may have their due effedt.

XXV.  And be it further enacted. That the officers wholhall be provifionally appointed by the lieutenant or general meeting of'lieutenancy of any county, riding, or divifion, with the approbation of his Majesty, to the' command of men enrolled by virtue of this adt, whenever they (hall be formed into a regiment, battalion, or troop, in purfuance of the faid adt, (hall attend the mufters which fhall be diredted to be made of men fo enrolled in their refpedtive fub-divifions, until such men {hall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied, and fhall have full power and authority to execute the faid adt of the prefent feffion of parliament, in all things which may lawfully be done by officers appointed to mufter such men.

XXVI.  And be it further enadted, That if any perfon being of the people called fakers, (hall at any time on or before the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or at the tirft fub-divifton meeting which fhall be held after names (truck the tenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-andb^foed feven> produce or caufe to be produced, before the deputy lieute-aos. for each riants, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace adting ho rfc for which for the fub-divifion where such perfon (hall be liable to the fervice they are ^ required by the faid adt, a certificate under the hands of two or more charged with repUtable houlekeepers being of the people called Quakers, acknow-ledging such perfon to be of their perfuafion, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, or one deputy lieutenant, and one juftice of the peace, to caufe the name of such perfon to be ftruck out of any lift or clafs then made, whether a ballot (hall have taken place for such fub-divifion or not, and thereupon such lieutenants and juftices of the peace refpeciively, are required to fine such perfon in the fum of twenty {hillings for each and every horfe, mare, or gelding, for which such perfon (hall be charged to the faid duties, which fum fhall be added to the laft afleffinent of such perfon to the faid duties on horfes, and fhall be levied at the next fubfequent payment to be made of any of the faid duties, and applied in such manner as is directed by the faid adt with refpedt to any fines thereby impofed. No order, &c.  XX VU. And be it further enadted, That no order or convic-

to be removed tjon raade by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or gj? ertioran, ^ any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one deputy lieutenant together with any one juftice of the peace, or by any juftice or juftices of the peace, by virtue of the faid adt of this prefent feffion or this adt, (hall be removed by Certiorari out of the county, riding, divifion, city, town or place, wherein such order or convidtion was made, into any court whatfoever; and that no writ of Certiorari (hall fuperfede execution or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction fo made in purfuance of the (aid act of the prefent feffion, or of this adt; but that execution and other proceedings (hall be had and made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And

Officers to attend mullers of men enrolled, when formed, until embodied, Uz.

Quakers on producing a certificate thereof, dial I have their

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 24.  179

XXVIII.  And be it further enafted, That all and every the Provifions of provifions of this aft fhall, in the execution of the faid aft palled redted^a^F in the prefent feffion of parliament be ufed and applied, and con- thjs feff10n ftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions were fpecially fhall be appli-enafted in the faid aft; and all and every the provifions of the £d in the exe-faid aft fhall, in the execution of this aft, be ufed, applied, ex- either ^ tended, and conftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions

were fpecially enafted in this aft.

XXIX.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That Aft may he

this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or afts  this^"

to be made in this prefent feflion of parliament,  feflion.

CAP. XXIV.

An a5l to explain and amend an at7, made in this prefent feffion of - parliament, intituled, An aft for railing a certain number of men in the feveral counties in England, for the fervice of his Majefly’s army and navy.—[December 30, 1796,]

WH E R E A S it is expedient that an aft0 paffed in the pre- Preamble.

fent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for railing a'Aft of prefent certain number of men in the feveral counties in England, lor  c>  4>

the fervice of his Majesty’s army and navy, floould be explained and amended, in the particulars herein-after mentioned: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the Volunteers advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com- redtedUafter mons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority for t^e army of the fame, That any volunteer or volunteers raifed under the may be faid aft for the army, who fhall be approved by the regulating brought be-officer, may be brought before any two juftices of the fame  "

county, riding, divifion, or place, refiding near to the place ofmay’caufe rendezvous, to be examined touching his confent to enter into them to beat-fuch fervice; and it fhall be lawful for such juftices of the peace to tefted accord-caufe such volunteer or volunteers to be attefted and (worn in the fofmJn the manner and according to the form in the fchedule to this aft an- annexed nexed (mutatis mutandis).  fchedule.

II. And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Juftices may juftices of the peace before whom any such volunteer (hall be order, over attefted, over and above such part of the bounty as fhall have part of the been agreed to be paid to such volunteer on his engaging to ferve, to to direft and order the further fum of one guinea, out of such volunteers on bounty, to be advanced and paid to the officer or officers appointed engaging, one to receive, and who fhall receive, such volunteer, to be by him ^ehfln^of6 laid out in providing immediate necefTaries for such volunteer. ficer^for ne-III. And be it further enafted, That if any volunteer or vo- ceflaries. lunteers who fhall be fo attefted fhall defect from his Majesty’s If volunteers fervice at any time before such volunteer or volunteers fhall have defert before arrived at the head quarters of their refpeftive regiments, if they arrive at such regiments (hall then be in Great Britain, and if such regi- chatlfam^hc ment fhall then be on foreign fervice before such volunteer or pavifli muft volunteers fhall have arived at Chatham barracks, the parifh provide

N 2  or  others, and



i8o Anno regm tricefimo feptimo Georgii HI. c* 24, [1796.

or parifhes by which such volunteers were provided (hall be unpai^may  to  provide  other fit' and able men in lieu of those who (hall

be applied for f° defert,-to be railed in the manner direfted by the faid aft, that purpose.. within fourteen days after notice in writing of such defertion fhall be given to the refpeftive overfeers of such parifhes or places by the officer from whom such volunteer or volunteers deferred ; and the bounties agreed to be given to any such volunteers who fhall defert, and remaining unpaid, maybe applied for the purpose Officers to re- Gf providing other men in lieu of those who fhall ckfert: provided overfeers the a^waYs^ "T hat the officer or officers who fhall receive such other fum received men in lieu of those who have deferted, fhall return to the re-for neceflaries fpeftive ovftfeers of the poor of the refpeftive parifhes by whopi ofdefsrters, such men fhall be raifed, all fums received by him or them for a guinea*2 ^ t^ie PurP°fe °f providing neceflaries as aforesaid, not exceeding the fum of one guinea for each such man ; all which fums of money fo repaid fhall be allowed to such officer or officers in his or their accounts.

On arrival of volunteers at quarters or Chatham, a pay ticket to betranfmitted to the county receiver general, who lhall pay the remainder of bounties, and demand the fame of the county trea-fu-rer.

IV And be it further enafted, That whenever any volunteer raifed under the faid aft for the army, fhall have arrived at the head quarters of the regiment for which he (hall be attefted, if such regiment (hall then be in Great Britain, or if such regiment fhall be on foreign fervice, fhall have arrived at Chatham barracks, it fhall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of such regiment, in every cafe where the regiment for which such volunteer fhall be attefted fhall then be in Great Britain, and for the infpeftor general of the recruiting fervice at Chatham in every cafe where the regiment for which such volunteer fhall be attefted fhall then be on foreign fervice, and they are hereby refpeftively required to make out and tranfmit the pay ticket direfted to be made out by the faid aft (and which ticket fhall be made out in the manner direfted thereby) to the receiver general of the county where such volunteer fhall have been raifed, and such receiver general, fhall and he is hereby empowered to pay to the order of such commanding officer, or such infpeftor general, as the cafe may require, the remainder of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such volunteer on his engaging to ferve, and then remaining due, out of any publick monies in the hands of such receiver general;1 and such receiver general fhall pay the fame without delay, and fhall demand repayment of the fame from the county treafurer who fhall have received such bounty

money.

Out of the V. And be it further enafted, That out of the bounty money bounty, three which any such officer or such infpeftor general fhall receive in be^pph^ffir purfuance of this aft for the ufe of any volunteer, it fhall be lawful nectlFaries, for them refpeftively to apply part thereof, not exceeding three and the re- guineas, to complete the neceflaries to be provided for such vo-th*volnnfeer lunteer> in the manner such commanding officer and infpeftor * general refpeftively (hall think moft for the benefit of the refpec-tive volunteers ; and the remainder of such bounty money (if any) (hall be advanced and paid to such volunteers without de-

lay ; and the officer or officers who fhall have expended any part

of

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 24.  181

of such bounty money in providing neceflaries as aforesaid, fhall account to such volunteers how the faid refpedlive fums have been applied and difpofed of, which accounts fhall be rendered within a reafonable time after such application thereof.

VI. And be it further enabled, That every perfon who (hall P^'fons en-have. been already enrolled by virtue of the faid a£l of the prefent feffion of parliament, or who (hail be enrolled by virtue the overfeers, thereof after the paffing of this atft, to ferve in the army, fhall be at the neareft delivered by the overfeers of the poor of the parifh or parifhes rendezvous, for which such perfon fhall be engaged to ferve at the neareft q^rterTor place of rendezvous appointed, or to be appointed, for the recep- Chatham* tion of volunteers railed for the army by virtue of the faid a£I, within the county, riding, or divifion, for which such perfon fhall be engaged to ferve; or if not there delivered, then at the head quarters of such regiment, if such regiment fhall be in Great Britain, or if such regiment fhall be on foreign fervice, then at Chatham barracks ; and that no officer fhall be compelled to receive such perfon at any other place than is herein defcribed.

VII Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any volunteer volunteer raifed, or to be raifed, for the army by virtue of the faid ddfoery^ add, who fhall have been delivered to the proper officer at the place the rendez-of rendezvous appointed for the reception of volunteers within any vous, the pa-county, riding,or divifion, fhall afterwards defertfrom such officer or officers, then the parifh or parifhes for which the perfon fo anothcr°man deferting fhall have been raifed, and which fhall provide any other receive man in lieu of the perfon fo deferting, (hall be entitled to receive the fum paid the fum paid to such deferter, not exceeding one third part of such tiie (]carter, fum as fhall have been agreed to be paid to him as a bounty at the ” ffiird^of thlf time when he engaged to ferve, and which (hall have been ex- bounty, ,$;c, prefled in the certificate of thejuflices of the peace who fhall have attefted such perfon; and the juftices of the peace before whom such other man fhall be attefted, fhall, on produdfton of such certificate, or a true copy thereof, attefied by the joffices granting the fame, make an order on the receiver general of the county, riding, or divifion, for the payment of the fame; and which fum every such receiver general is hereby required to pay accordingly out of any publick monies in the hands of such receiver general.

VIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enatfted, That whenever Volunteers any volunteer who, from and after the paffing of this a6I, fhall may rc~ f be raifed for the army by virtue of the faid a61 of the prefent tS^county0* feflion of parliament, and entered in any regiment whose head for which quarters (hall not then be within the county, riding, or divifion, raifed, tohead for which such volunteer fhall be engaged to ferve, it (hall and maybe lawful to convey such volunteer out of the county, riding, onjy part’0f or divifion, where he fhall have been raifed into any other county, their bounty riding, or divifion, where such head quarters fhall be, or to Chatham to be paid til! barracks, as the cafe may require ; and no part of the bounty t*lcir arr*Yab money for which he engaged to ferve, except one third part thereof allowed by the faid act to be paid to him at the time of his enrolment, and the further fum of one guinea, allowed to be paid to the officer for his ufe for neccftarics by this a&, fhall be

n 3  '  paid

 CjOO^Ic

If overfeers ■undertake to deliver any per ton raifed, at head quarters or Chatham, they

1S2. Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 24. [1796.

paid either to him or to his ufe until he fhall have arrived at such head quarters, or at Chatham barracks, as the cafe may require.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if the overfeers of the poor of the parifh or pari fhes for which any perfon already raifed, or to be raifed, for the army, by the faid a£t is or {hall be engaged to ferve, fhall voluntarily undertake to deliver such perfon at the head quarters of the regiment for which such a ^ him Per*on ]S or  enterecL  or  Chatham barracks, as the cafe

theoremainder may reclu’re> lt &aU an^ maY be lawful for them fo to do, and of bounty. t0 Pay to such perfon the whole of the bounty money then remaining due to such perfon, except such fums as the commanding officer of such regiment-, the infpedtor general of recruits at Chatham, and the officers appointed to receive such men at the places of rendezvous refpedfively, fhall be entitled to receive for the ufe of such perfon for providing neceflaries, not exceeding in the whole, the fum of four guineas, including the fum of one guinea directed to be advanced to the officer at the time of receiving such perfon.

X.  And be it further enadfed, That any parifh or parifhes which (hall caufe to be delivered any volunteer raifed or to be raifed for the army, at the head quarters of the regiment in which he (hall be entered, or at Chatha?n barracks as aforesaid, or fhall deliver any volunteer raifed or to be raifed for the navy on board any of his Majefly’s {hips of war, at such place and time as is herein-before mentioned, fhall, by order of two juftices of the peace for the county, riding, or divifion, where such volunteer fhall have been raifed, to be granted on the certificate of the commanding officer at the head quarters, or at Chatham barracks, in refpecSl of recruits for the army, and of the officer having the command of the {hip, in refpedf of recruits for the navy, of such his future officer having received such volunteer, be entitled to receive an allowance after the rate of four-pence for each and every mile such volunteer fhall be conveyed, from the receiver general of such county, riding, or divifion, to be paid to the overfeer or overfeers of such parifh or parifhes, by such receiver Receipts to be general out Gf any publick monies in his hands : provided, That

glven r Qg FC~ ^  t  #

ceiver general *n every ca^e where any receiver genera] is by this a61 required as his vouch- to pay any fum of money out of any publick monies, the perfon ers, who fhall 0r perfons demanding the fame fhall give a receipt for the fame, wb,ch such receiver general (hall produce as a voucher for such treafureT1111^ Payment:: provided alfo, That every such receiver general who {hall advance any monies in purfuance of this a6f, fhall be reim-burfed the fame by and out of any monies which fhall come into the hands of the treafurer of such county, riding, or divifion, of the fines to be paid by any parifh or parifhes for not railing the number of men required to be raifed by the faid a6f, and which {hall be directed to be paid to such receiver general by any juflices of the peace, in purfuance of the faid a6I; and if such receiver general fhall not receive fufficient of such monies, then the deficiency fhall be allowed to such receiver general in his accounts.

XL Provided

Parifhes deli-veiirtg volunteers at head quarters or Chatham, or on board fhip to receive per mile, for the diftanc* from the county receiver p'ene ral.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 24.  183

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no per- Xo P^rfon to fon fhall be enrolled to ferve in the army, by virtue of the faid ^he^rm^uii11 ad, who, being under the age of eighteen years, (hall be under ^ certain the height of five feet three inches, or being above the age of heights, eighteen, (hall be under the height of five feet four inches.

XII.  And be it further enabled, That where the whole number Where the of men appointed to be raifed by or for any place or places, (hall

not be railed, and a return thereof made to the jufiices of the raifed for any diftrid at a petty fefiions, within three weeks next after notice place,, further of the order of general fefiions fhall have been ferved, in the  be

manner direded by the faid ad of the prefent feflion, it fhall and ^he general may be lawful for the jufiices, at such fefiions, to allow a further fefli0ns. time tor that purpose, not later than the twentieth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and at the end of such further time to proceed in the execution of the faid acf, in the manner they are directed to proceed at the end of the firft period of three weeks aforefaid.

XIII.  And be it further enaded, That if any volunteer entered Volunteers to ferve in his Majefiy’s navy by virtue of the faid act of the pre-

fent fefiion fhall, at the voluntary requefl of the overfeers of the t>oarci fhip poor of the parifh or parifhes for which such volunteer fhall be from over-engaged to ferve, be conveyed by the faid overfeers on board any feers, who of his Majesty’s fhips of war, at such place, and within such time, bountkT as the regulating officer by whom such volunteers fhall be entered, fhall dired, by any order in writing figned by him, it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon taking or having the command of such lhip to receive such volunteer from the faid overfeers of the poor; and the faid overfeers of the poor may, in the prefence of the perfon taking the command of such fhip, pay the whole of the bounty money agreed to be paid, into the hands of such volunteer, to his foie life, every such volunteer giving a receipt to the faid overfeers, which fhall be attefted by the perfon then taking the command of such fhip, in token of his having receiyed such volunteer into the faid fervice;

XIV.  And be it further enabled. That all and every the pro- Provifions of vifions of this ad fhall, in the execution of the faid apafied in this and re-the prefent fefiion of parliament, be ufed and applied, and con-

ftrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions were fpecially the execution enaded in the faid ad; and all and every the provifions of the of either, faid ad fhall, in the execution of this ad, be ufed, applied,extended, and conflrued, in like manner as if the fame provifions were fpecially enaded in this ad,

XV.  Provided always, and be it further enaded. That this Ad may be ad may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be

made in this prefent fefiion of parliament.  fefiion.

n 4  SCHEDULE

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1796.

SCHEDULE to which this adt refers.

FORM OF ATTESTATION.

Ido make oath, That I am

by trade a  and to the beft of my knowledge and

belief was born in the parifh of  in  the  county of

and that I have no rupture, nor ever was troubled with fits; and that I am no ways difabled by lamenefs,-or otherwife, but have the prefedt ufe of my limbs; that I am not an apprentice, nor belonging to the militia, nor to anyothef regiment, nor to his Mojefty’s navy, or marines; and that I voluntarily enlifted myfelt at  in  the  county of

the  day  of  to  ferve  his  majefty King George

the Third, as a private foldier, in the  regiment,

commanded by  or  in  such  other  regiment  wherein

I (hall be required to ferve during the continuance of the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the end of. the war, if the regiment in which I fhall be ferving (hall be in Great Britain, or otherwife, for the fpace of one calendar month next after its arrival in Great Britain.

As witnefs my hand, at  this

day of

Witnefs prefent

N.  B% The juftices Certificate, (according to the form No. 8, annexed to the adt of the prefent fefiion, in this adt mentioned), to be fubjoined to the atteftation.

Preamble.

Conftable of theTower,and lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets,

&c. may arm and exercife the militia of the hamlets according to 26 Geo, 3.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for the better raifng and ordering the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlefex.—[December 30, 1796.]

WH E R E^A S it is expedient to vary the mode of raifng the militia within and for the liberty or difrift of the Tower divifon, in the county of Middlefex, commonly known by the name of the Tower Hamlets : be it therefore enadted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s conftable of the Tower, and lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets for the timebeing, and in the abfence of the laid conftable or lieutenant out of the kingdom, or in cafe of vacancy of the office of lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants of the faid hamlets, authorifed by his Majefiy, or any three or more of them for the time being, or the major part of them, aftembled at any publick meeting or court of lieutenancy to be called for that purpose, and they are hereby refpedtively

empowered

I796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 25

empowered and required to call together, arm, array, and caufe to be trained and exercifed fiich perfons within and for the fa id Tower Hamlets, in such manner as in and by an adl, palled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intiruled, An aft for amending and reducing into one aft of parliament the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, isdiredbed with refpedt to the feveral counties, cities, and places, in the faid adl named ; and that, from and after the palling of this acf, all the powers and authorities given and granted by the faid adt of the twenty-fixth year aforesaid, or by-any fubfequent adt or a£ls of parliament relating to the militia forces of this kingdom, and alfo all powers, provifions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any such adt or acts, fhall be applied, pradtifed, and put in execution, with refpedt to the militia to be raifed within and for the faid hamlets, in as full and ample a manner as if the faid powers, authorities, provifions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, claufes, matters, and things, had been exprefsly enadied in and by this adt, fave and except all such matters and things as are herein-after otherwife declared and provided; and that, from and after the pafiing of this acf, the feveral powers and authorities given, granted, and contained, in an adt, paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for ordering the forces in the feveral counties of this kingdom, fo far as the fame are repugnant to this act, (hall no longer be applied or put in execution with refpedt to the faid Tower Hamlets.

II. And be it further enadted, That the number of men to be raifed for the militia of the faid Tower Hamlets, out of and from the* feveral parifhes, hamlets, manor's, precindts, and liberties, within the fame, fhall be refpedtively as follows; (that is to fay),

For the parifh of Saint Mary, White Chapel\ one hundred and thirty-two.

For the parifh of Chrif Churchy fcventy-eight.

For the liberty of Norton Falgatc, thirty-one.

For the precindt of the Old Artillery, eleven.

For the parilh of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, one hundred and fifty-five.

For the parifh of Saint John at Hackney, eighty-four.

For the parifh of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, one hundred and twenty-two.

For the hamlet of Mile End> New Town, twenty-two.

For the hamlet of Mile End, Old Town, fifty-feven.

For the parifh of Saint Leonard, Bromley, fix.

For the parifh of Saint Mary, Stratford le Bow, twenty-two.

For the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, twenty-fix.

For the parifh of Saint Ann, twenty-fix.

For the hamlet of Ratcliff forty-four.

For the parifh of Saint Paul, Shadwell, feventy-one.

For the parifh of Saint George, one hundred and ten.

•  185

c. 107. the

provifions of winch lhall ext md to them.

13 and 14 Car.

2. c. 3. fo far as repugnant to this adt, not to be applied to the Tower Hamlets.

Men to be raifed in the following proportions.

i86

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1796.

For the parifli of .Saint John of Woppingforty-five.

For the manor or liberty of Eafi Smith field, forty-five.

For the precindl of Saint Catherines, eleven.

For the liberty of the Tower Without, five.

For the parifh of Trinity, Minories, eight.

And for the precineft of /^// Clofe, nine.

HI. And be it further enacted, That the faid conftable, and derk and. lieutenant, and in his abfence, or on any vacancy as aforesaid, me fieriger,  three or more deputy lieutenants, at a publick meeting as afore-

and officers  faid, may and fhall appoint a clerk and mefTenger, and alio such

-Hohavebeen militia officers as have been ufually appointed for the faid hamlets, the Km^. ^ names °f such officers having been firft prefented to and approved by his Majesty.

A general  IV.  And be it further enabled, That the faid conftable, or

tenancy^tcfbe ^eutenant °f  hamlets,  or  in his abfence, the deputy

‘  lieutenants aforesaid, or any three or more of them, fhalJ, and

they are hereby empowered and required to hold a general court of lieutenanc y, for the faid hamlets, on the fecond Thurfday next after the palling of this aft, for carrying the purposes of this acf duly into execution.

Refidents in V. And be it further enabled. That the feveral perfons refiding and^ao^of.  t^le  Tower Hamlets, and all high and petty conftables,

ficers fubjcdt headboroughs, and other peace officers, of and for all and every to the like part of the faid hamlets, fhall be fubjedl to the like duties, re-dutics, &c. ?8 ftri&ions, penalties, and punifhments, as perfons refiding in the in counties at feveral counties at large, and the peace officers acting within and for the fame, are by any laws now in being, relating to the militia forces, fubjedb or liable to,

When embo- VI. And jt further enabled, That whenever the faid militia ' Vft^may^put  out 2nc> embodied, one regiment thereof fhall

one regiment remain within the faid diftri£t of the tower, called the Tower under the  Hamlets, for the defence and prefervation thereof; and it fhal!

command of be lawful for his Majesty to put the other regiment of the faid cers^to b* led mi^^a under the command of such general officers as his Majesty to a certain ftiall be pleafed to appoint, and to direft the faid other regiment drftance. to be led' by its refpedlive officers into any parts of this kingdom, not exceedino; the diftance of twelve miles from the tower of London, or to the neared place of encampment, barracks, or quarters, beyond the faid diftance of twelve miles, for repelling and preventing any invafion, and for the fuppreffion of any rebellion or infurredlion within the realm of Great Britain. Conftablc, &c. VII. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That it fhall may continue pe lawful for the faid conftable, or lieutenant and deputy lieute-n° ne f troPky nants, or any three or more of them refpedively as aforelaid, to continue to raife and levy in every year, the proportion of one month’s affieftment of trophy money within the faid hamlets, as he or they have been ufed to do by virtue and in purfuance of the faid a cl palled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years ojf the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second.

VIII. And

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 25.  187

VIII. And be it further enadted, That the eftates requifite for Qualification the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia oi 0 ncei s* for th t Tower Hamlets fhall be as follows; (that is to fay), Every deputy lieutenant (hall be feifed or po fie fled, either in law or equity, for his own ufe and benefit, in poffeflion, of a freehold, copyhold, or cuftomary eftate for life,'or for the life of his wife,

(file having a freehold, copyhold, or cuftomary eftate for her life), or for fome greater eftate, or of an eftate for fome long term of years, determinable on one or more life or lives, or of an eftate for a term originally granted for twenty-one years or more, in manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in any part o£the kingdom called Great Britain, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or (hall be heir apparent of fome perfon who fhall in like manner be feifed or poflefled of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; a colonel fhall be, in like manner, feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or fhall be heir apparent of a perfon who fhall, in like manner be feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fix hundred pounds; a lieutenant colonel, or major commandant, fhal), in like manner, be feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as’aforefaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or fhall be heir apparent of a perfon who (hall, in like manner, be feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds ; a major or captain dial], in like manner, be feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or fhall be fon of a perfon who fhall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; a lieutenant fhall, in like manner, be feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or fhall be pofleffed of a perfonal eftate alone to the amount of fix hundred pounds, or feifed or pofleffed of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of one thousand pounds, or fhall be the fon of a perfon who fhall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or who fhall be, or at the time of his death was, pof-feffed of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount of one thousand pounds, or feifed or pofleffed of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of two thousand pounds ; an enfign fhall, in like manner, be feifed or poffeffed of alike eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifteen pounds, or fhall be pofleffed of a perfonal eftate alone to the amount of two hundred pounds, or feifed or pofleffed of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of four hundred pounds, or fhall be the fon of a perfon who fhall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner feifed or pofleffed of a like eftate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or who fhall be, or at the time of his death was, pofleffed of a perfonal eftate alone, to the amount

of

188 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1796.

of five hundred pounds, or feifed or poffefled of real and perfonal eftate together, to the amount or value of one thousand pounds. ecffor\orant*  IX*  And  lt farther enadled, That a perfon poflefled, either

vearToTan-  fa ^aw  or  far his own ule and benefit, in pofTefiion of an

iiin] value eftate for a certain term, originally granted for twenty years or equal to those more, of an annual value (ever and above all rents and charges required for payable out of or in refpecl of the fame) equal to the value of ?ufficieiit^°US? Inch an eftate as is required for the qualification of a deputy lieutenant and commiflioned officer of the militia reflectively, (hall be and is hereby deemed and declared to be Efficiently -qualified to adt in the execution of this a£t.

No rank fu-  X.  And be  it further enabled, That no perfon fhall hereafter

ten ant ^to ^be* ~  aPP°inted  t0 be deputy lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets afore-

given till the faic^ or he appointed to a higher rank in the militia, than that of qualification a lieutenant, until he fhall have delivered in to the clerk of the be delivered peace for the liberties of the Tower, or (in his abfence) to his ofthe^eace deputy, a fpecific defeription in writing, figned by himfelf, of ^  *  his qualification, ftating the county, pari(h, or place, in which

the eftate or eftates which from his qualification is or are fituate; and the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, fhall tranfmit to the lieutenant of the faid hamlets, a copy of such defeription, and no commiflion granted after the pafling of thisadf, for a higher rank in the militia than that of lieutenant fhall be valid, unlefs it be declared in the commiffion that the officer to whom the commif-fion is given, hath delivered in his qualification as above directed* Clerk of the XI. And be it further enabled, That the clerk, of the peace ^uahlicabon^r ^or ^faertaes arorefaid, fhall, and he is hereby required to en-id a roll, and ter the qualification tranfmitted to him, according to the direefi-dates of com- ons of this act, upon a roll to be provided and kept for that pur-mifiions, &c. pofe, and to caufe to be inferted in the London Gazette, the dates in the Gazette. pQe C0rnmiffiOns, and names and ranks of the officers appointed, together with the names of the officers in whose room they (hall be appointed, if the cafe (hall require the fame, in like manner as commiffions in the army are directed to be publifhed from the War Deputy lieu- office *, and he is hereby authorifed to charge the expence of such tenants, &c. infertion in the Gazette for each commiftion, to the treafurer for oaths'"within t^e tlme befag z^c county oi Middle fete, who is hereby dire&ed fix months. to Pay the fame; and every deputy lieutenant and commiffioned officer not having already taken and fubferibed the oaths, and made, repeated, and fubferibed the declaration as required by the laws in force at and immediately before the palling of this a£l, fhall, at fome general or quarter feffions of the peace, or in one of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, within fix months after he fhall have accepted his commiftion, take the oaths appointed to be taken by an a£I, pafled in the firft year of the reign of his majefty Fling George the Firft, intituled, Jn acl for the further /ecurity of his Mojeffs perfon and government, and the fuccejfwn of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being Protejlants; and for ext ingulfing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors; and alfo by an aeft, pafled in the flxth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 25.  189

tuled, An aSt for altering the oath of abjuration and the affura?tce ; and for amending fo much of an a Si of the feventh year of her late ma~ jefiy fSueen Anne, ini'ituledy 4 An aSi for improvement of the union of thetzuo kingdoms •/ as^ after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned, to perfons indiSied of high treafon, or mifprijion of treafon ; and lhall alfo make, repeat, and fubfcribe the declaration in the laid aft of the firft year of King George the Firft, direfted to be made, repeated, and fubfcribed, by all officers, civil and military.

XII.  And be it further enafted, That if any perfon {hall execute Penalty on any of the powers hereby direfted to be executed by deputy lincj.ua^ec* lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being ^hohavenot qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such fpeci- delivered in fic defcription of his qualification as is herein-before required, their qualifi-every such perfon {hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred ^^ns^or pounds; and if any perfon fhall execute any of the powers hereby

direfted to be executed by captains not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such fpecific defcription of his qualification as is h.etein-before required, every such perfon {hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, one moiety of which faid feveral penalties lhall go to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the perfon who fhall fue for the fame; and in every such aftion, fuir, or information, the proof of his qualification fhall be upon the perfon againft whom the fame is brought.

XIII.  And be it further enafted. That all indiftments and profecutions for any offence committed within any part of the ^ dieter-faid Tower Hamlets, relating to the faid militia laws, or to any mined by the offence committed againft tins aft, or in difobeying the order or general quar-orders of the juftice or jufiices of the peace herein-after men- terjbffi^nsfor tioned, fhall be preferred before, and heard and determined by the ft5erties> juftices affembled at fome general quarter feftions of the peace to

be holden for the faid liberties of the Tower, or the major part of them fo affembled, and not elfewhere ; which faid juftices are hereby empowered to hear and determine the lame, and to make and give such order and judgement therein, and to in-flift such punifhment in conlequence thereof, as in the like cafes by law is now ufed or direfted : and all high and petty conftables and other peace officers, of and for all and every or any part of the faid Tower Hamlets, are hereby direfted and required to execute all and every order and orders of the faid juftices, in all or any of the premifes aforefaid.

XIV.  And be it further enafted, That when any fummons, Peace officers warrant, conviction, order, judgement, or other matter or thing,

in the execution of this aft, or of the faid militia laws, be fo juftices of the made and done by the juftice and juftices of the peace for the faid liberties. Tower liberties, who are hereby empowered and direfted to hear and determine the fame, and to make such fummons, warrant, conviftion, order, adjudication, and judgement therein as to law doth appertain, all and every the high and petty conftables, and •

other

190

Deputy lieutenants or officers who are juftices may aft as such.

Appeal may be made to the general quarter ief-lions.

Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form, or removeable into any court.

24 Geo. 2. c. 44. to extend to this aft.

Plaintiff not to recover cofts, where injury was not maliciouf-ly done.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1796.

other peace officers aforesaid, are hereby directed to obey the order of the faid juftice and juftices therein.

XV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That any juf-tice or juftices of the peace for the faid liberties may aft in the execution of the premifes aforesaid, notwithftanding he may be a deputy lieutenant of the faid hamlets or officer in the faid militia ; and that any such juftice of the peace for the faid liberties of the Tower, dwelling or being within the faid hamlets, may aft for the faid liberties in the execution of this aft, or in any other cafe whatfoever relating to the faid militia laws at any place within the faid hamlets.

XVI.  And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, by the aft of any juftice or juftices of the peace as aforesaid, he, fhe, or they, may appeal to the general quarter feffions of the peace, to be holden in and for the faid liberties, or any adjournment thereof, within three calendar months next after the caufe of such complaint {hall arife, such appellant firft giving ten days notice in writing to the juftice or juftices by whose aft or afts such perfon or perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved, of his, her, or their intention to appeal, and at the fame time entering into a recognizance before fome juftice of the peace for the faid liberties, with two fufficicnt fureties conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay such cofts as fhall be awarded by the juftices at such feffions, which faid juftices at or in such feffions, or at any adjournment thereof, or at any fubfequent feffions, upon due proof of notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, fhall and are hereby empowered to hear and determine the caufes and matters of such appeal in a fummary way, and to award such cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft, and to make such order and orders therein as the faid juftices fhall think ne-ceflary, which faid determination (hall be binding, final, and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatfoever: provided always, That no proceedings to' .be had or taken by any juftice or juftices of the peace in the execution of this aft, fhall be vacated or quafhed for want of form, or be removed or removeable into any court by Certiorari, or other writ or procefs whatfoever.

XVII.  And be it further enafted, That the ftatute made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for rendering juftices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their office, and for indemnifying confla-bles and ethers afting in obedience to their warrants, fhall extend to the deputy lieutenants, juftices of the peace, conftables, head-boroughs, peace officers, and other perfons whatfoever, afting under the authority or in the execution of this aft, or in any-wife aiding or affifting therein.

XVIII.  And be it further enafted. That when a verdift fhall be given for the plaintiff in any aftion or fuit brought, after notice fhall have been given purfuant to the faid ftatute, and it fhall not appear to the court that the injury complained of was

malicioufly

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 26—28. 191

malicioufly done, the plaintiff (hall recover no cods, nor more than two-pence damages.

XIX.  And be it further enafted, That this aft {hall be deemed Publick aft. and taken to be a publick aft ; and be taken notice of, and

allowed in all courts whatfoever, without the fame being fpe-cially pleaded.

XX.  Saving always, to the King’s mod excellent majefty, General his heirs and fuccefTors, and to the condable or lieutenant of the &vinS* faid hamlets for the time being, and the officers and minifters of

the fame, or of any part thereof, and to the governor of the fort of the Tower for the time being, and the officers and minifters of the fame, and to all other perfon and perfons whatfoever, all jurifdiftions, powers, privileges, exemptions, and immunities, whatfoever,% belonging or heretofore ufed or enjoyed.

CAP. XXVI.

An aCt to provide for the more fpeedy pay?nent of all navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, that Jhall be iffued in future. —[December

3°> J796 ]

W'HE RE AS it is expedient to provide for the more fpeedy pay- Preamble.

ment of all navy, victualling, and tranfport bills: may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alTembied, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the pa fling of this aft, every bill iffued by Navy, vio or under the authority of the commiffioners of the navy, viftu- tualling, and ailing, and tranfport offices refpeftively, (hall be made payable ^be^m^de^ on a certain day, to be exprefled in each particular bill, which payable not day (hall not be later than three calendar months from the date later than of such bill; and that every such bill fhall carry an intered after three months the rate of three-pence half-penny per centu?n per diem, which a^el (hall commence from the date of the fame, and lhall be paid at the time when such bill (hall become payable; any former law or ufage to the contrary thereof notwithdanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for allowing further time for the payment of inftalments to become due on certain fums advanced by way of loan, purfuant to an aft of the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for enabling his Majesty to direft the iffiie of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned; and for granting further relief to perfons connefted with and trading to the iflands of Grenada and St. Vincent. — [December 30, 1796.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An ad to remove doubts refpeding promijfory notes of the governor and company of the bank of England for payment of fums of money under five pounds, — [March 3, 1797. J

, WHEREAS

192. Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1796.

Preamble.

All notes if-fued by the bank after March 2, 1797, for films under 5I. (hall be valid.

No perfon making or negociating such notes liable to penalty.

Adt may be altered or re' pealed this leliion.

WHEREAS it is expedient for the publick fervice, ana for the convenience of commercial circulation, that the governor and company of the bank of England Jhould ijfue promijfory notes, payable to bearer, for Jums of money under five pounds; nozv, to avoid any doubt concerning the validity thereof be it enadled by the King’s mold excellent majefty., by and with the advice and confent of the lords Epiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all promifiory notes, and other notes for payment of money, which, fince the fecond day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have been, or which hereafter (hall be iftued by the governor and company of the bank oi England, payable to bearer, notwithftanding the fame (hall have been, or fliall be, made and iiTued for the payment of any fum of money under the fum of five pounds, lhali be good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, in like manner as if the fame had been made and ifTued for the fum of five pounds, or upwards ; any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

II.  And be it further enadled, That no perfon concerned, or who has acied in, or who (hall or may be concerned or a£t in, the making, uttering, publifhing, or negociating, such notes, fliall be fubjedt or liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatfoever in refpedl thereof.

III.  And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful to alter, vary, or repeal, this a£t, or any part thereof, in this prefent fef-fion of parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Guinea Port, in the parifh of St. Breock, in the county of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the parifh of Bodmin, in the faid county ; and alfo a certain collateral cut from Cotton Wood, to or near to Ruthern Bridge, in the faid parifh of Bodmin. — [March 3, 1797.]

Certain proprietors incorporated by the name of ‘ The Company of Proprietors of the Polbrock Canal.’ Proprietors may raife 18,000]. to be divided into fhares of 50I. each. Shares to be perfonal eftate. Snbfcrib-ers to have a vote for every fhare. Proprietors may raife 12,000]. more if neceffary. Power to raife money by mortgage. Firft general affembly of proprietors to be held at Bodmin, upon the Monday month after palling this act. General affemblies for choofmg committees, to confift of one hundred fhares. Genera] affembly to eledt and appoint officers, and.to take fecurity from them. Powers of the committees. Committees to make calls. Shares may be fold. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book by the clerk, and tickets of their fhares delivered to them. Powers for making the canal and collateral cut. Power to make rollers or inclined planes. Houles, gardens, See. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be thirty yards. A baton to be made at Guinea Port. Bo:lies politick, See empowered to fell and convey lands to the company., Commiiiioners appointed to fettle differences. If parties are diffatisfied with the determination of the commiffioners, value to be afeertained by a jury. Rates. For freellone* limeflone, brick, tiles. Hates, corn in the ft raw, hay, flraw, faggots, dung, manure, fand, ftones and clay, twopence per ton, per mile. For cattle, calves, fheep, Twine and other

beafts,

1796 ] Anno regnitricefimofeptimoGEORGii III. c. 30, 31.  193

beads, and coal, charcoal, coak, culm and lime, and rough timber, bark, tin, iron done, pig iron, and pig lead ; and flour, wheat, barley, oats, beans, peafe, and potatoes, three-pence per ton, per mile. For all other goods, See. fixpence, per ton, per mile. Tolls for patting on the towing paths. For a horfe. See. one penny. For oxen, ten-pence a fcore. For lwine, fheep or lambs, five-pence a fcore. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Veflels under eight tons burthen not to pafs locks without confent of proprietors. Lords of manors and land owners may ere<5t wharfs, &c. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining ; and watering places for cattle. For fencing off towing paths and making bridges, See. Works damaged by flood, to be repaired by the company.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for enabling the company of proprietors of the Grantham canal navigation to finifh and complete the fame, and the collateral cut to communicate therewith ; and for amending the ad of parliament, patted in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majedy, for making and maintaining the faid canal and collateral cut. — [March 3, 1797.]

CAP. XXXI.

An att to enable the Eaft India company to raife money by further increafing their capital flocky and to extend the provisions now exijling rejpefling the prefent fock of the company to the faid in-creafedflock. — [March 7, 1797.]

WHEREAS, the affairs of the united company of merchants Preamble, of England trading to the Eaft Indies require a permanent advance of a confiderable fum of money beyond what the faid com-pany can raife under the powers now vefled in them by law ; and. it is expedient that such money fould be raifed by an increafe of their capital fock; may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty that it may be enadled; and be it ena£Ied by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame, That it The com-fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid united company, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, by and with the ^Wury^ e confent and approbation of the commifiioners of his Majesty’s may a(jd treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of a3ooo,oool. the high treafurer for the time being, from time to time, and at to their capi-any time or times hereafter, to open books and receive fubferip- ta tock* tions from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick cr corporate, for enlarging their prefent capital Hock or fund of fix millions of pounds to any fum or fums, not exceeding the further fum of two millions capital ftock, fo that their whole capital Hock {hall not exceed the capital fum of eight millions ; which laid additional capital ftock fhall from time to time be fubferibed and paid for at such rate for every one hundred pounds of such ftock as the court of directors of the laid united company, with the confent and approbation of the commiffionei s of his MajeHy’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the time being, fhall diredf ;

"which faid fubferiptions {hall be made, and the money for the faid VOLj XLL  O  additional

be incorporated with the company.

194 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1796.

additional (lock (hall, from time to time, be paid, in such manner and form, and by such inftalments and proportions, as the faid court of directors, with such confent and approbation as aforesaid, (hall appoint; and the capital (lock fo fubfcribed and paid for, (hall, from and after the time of such payment, be « , r  deemed,  confidered, and taken, as and for a part of the capital

U 'Cn ers 0 (lock of the faid company; and the faid fubfcribers, from and after the time of making full payment for the faid additional (lock, and their refpe£live executors or adminiftrators and afligns, (hall at all times be deemed and reputed to be members of the faid united company, and incorporated therewith, and (hall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be fubjeft and liable to all and every the regulations, rules, and orders, whereto the prefent ftockholders and members of the faid united company, in refpe<5l of the (lock held by and belonging to them, are refpedlively entitled, fubjedl, and liable unto by any a£l or a£ls of parliament, charter, or bye-law, or otherwife how-foever ; and the faid additional (lock (hall be transferrable and aflignable in the like manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof fhali hold their refpedtive (hares of the faid additional flock in like manner, as the refpecftive prefent ftockholders of the faid company now do, and hereafter (hall hold and enjoy the refpeclive fums now belonging to them in the prefent capital flock of the faid united company, and the fame fhali in all refpedls be confolidated and united as one joint (lock.

II.  And be it further enacled by the authority aforesaid, That the faid united company (hall and may, from time to time, make and pay the like dividends to the proprietors of the faid additional on the prefent (lock as they now do, and hereafter (hall and may make and pay ftock,  to  the proprietors and holders of the prefent flock of the (aid

united company, the firft of which faid dividends fhali commence from such time as fhali be fpecified in the propofals or terms to be offered for the faid fubfcription, by the faid court of directors, with such confent and approbation as aforefaid.

HI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena£led by the authority aforesaid, That it fhali and may be lawful to and for the faid court of directors, with such confent and approbation as

The like dividends to be paid on the additional as

Preference to be given to preTent proprietors, not

exceeding 50L aforesaid, to give the option and preference in fubferibing for the

per cent, of - -.................-  -  -...........

their capital.

If their fub-feriptions be more than fufficient, a proportion-able deduction to be made;

faid additional (lock, to such perfons as (hall hold the faid company’s (lock at the time or times of such fubfcription as aforesaid, as far as and not exceeding the amount of fifty pounds per centum on the capital (lock, which (hall then be held by each (lock-holder fo fubferibing, for all such fums as they (hall fubferibe, on or before a day to be named by the faid court of directors, with such confent and approbation as aforefaid; and in cafe the fubferiptions made by them, on or before such day, (hall exceed the fum propofed to be fold at that time, a proportionable deduction (hall be made from each fubfcription; and if such fubfcription (hall, on the clofe thereof on such day as aforesaid, fall and if ^ort  ^lJrn  ProP°^  t0  be  fold, the deficiency (hall be dif-

pofcd

i796.] Aniio regni tricefirho feptinlo Georgii III. c. 31. ig$

poled of to other perfons, as the faid court of directors, with lefs, the de-iuch confent and approbation as aforesaid, (hall think fit.  ^c^ncy

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au*  ie  ^

thority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained fhall extend* or The addition-be conllrued to extend, to prevent or retrain the court of direc- al ftock, with tors of the faid united company, by and with such confent and confent of approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more perfon ^ ^be^olJto or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, for the fale of the whole ^/c^inorc0 of the faid additional capital flock, or for such part or parts there- perfons.

of, as they fhall from time to time think fit, and find it neceflary and proper to fell; but it fhall and may be lawful for the laid court, with such confent and approbation as aforesaid, to contrail for and agree to fell the whole, or any part thereof, to one or more perfon or perfons.

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* That Receipts to be

as loon as reafonably may be after the depofit or firil payment  ^ich

fhall be made for the faid additional flock to be fubferibed for, may be alTigrt-the faid company’s cafhier or treafurer (hall give a receipt for ed, Scc.

the fame, and fo from time to time as.future payments fhall be made; which faid receipts {hall be aflignable and transferrable by indorfement thereon ; and when the lafl payment fhall be made on the faid additional flock to be fubferibed for as aforesaid, the holder of such receipt, on delivering up the fame, fhall have his or her name entered in proper books to be kept by the faid united company for that purpose, with an account of the capital flock belonging to each proprietor in like manner as the accounts of the prefent proprietors of India flock are kept.

VI.  Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enacted,

That in cafe any fubferiber or fubferibers, after having fubferib- Depofits of ed, fhall fail in making all or any the payments agreed at the be^forfefted.0 refpedlive times for such payments, then and in every such cafe the faid united company fhall and may take in fubferiptions for, and fell the flock fubferibed for by such defaulter, to any other perfon or perfons; and all depofits and payments made by such defaulter, previous to such default, fhall be forfeited to arid become the property of the faid united company.

VII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That it fhall and may be lawful for any guardian or truflee Guardians having the difpofition of the money of any infant, to fubferibe ma7 fubferibe and pay for the faid additional flock, or any part thereof, upon*01*ln ants' the terms and conditions contained in this a (ft; and such infant, upon the payment of such fum or fums by such guardian or truflee, fhall be entitled unto the flock fo fubferibed and paid for on his account, and to all advantages in refpedt thereof, in like manner as any other purchafer or fubferiber ; and the faid guardian or truflee, as to the fum or fums advanced by him, fhall be, and is hereby difeharged in refpeeft thereof, fo as the name of such infant fhall be exprefl'ed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

VIII.  And whereas, by an acl made in the thirty-third year of 33 Geo. 3. c. -the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituledy An a<ft for continuing in recited,

o  2  the



Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 31. [1796.

the Eafi India Company, for a further term, the pofiefiion of the Britifio territories in India, together with their exclufive trade, tinder certain limitations; for eftablifhing further regulations for the government of the faid territories, and the better adminiftra-tion ofjuftice within the fame 5 for appropriating to certain ufes the revenues and profits of the faid company; and for making provifion for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, it was (amongfi other things) entitled, "That, during the continuance of the exclufive trade to the faid company, the net proceeds of their fales of goods at home, with the duties and allowances arifing by private trade, and all other profits of the faid company in Great Britain, after providing for the payment of bills of exchange then already accepted by the faid company, as the fame Jhould become due, and for the current payments of other debts, interefi,,and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid company (their bond debt always excepted), Jhould be applied and difpofed of in the following manner ; (that is to fay), Firfi, in the payment of a dividend after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, on the prefcnt or any future amount of'the capitalflock of the faid company, the firfi half-year's payment thereof to commence and be made tf/Midfummer one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three ; fecondly, in payment of five hundred thousand pounds per annum, the fame to be Jet apart on the firfi day of March and the firfi day of September, half-yearly, in equal portions, and applied in the clifcharge of bills of exchange drazvn or to be drawn in India, for the transfer or remittance of the debts of the faid company fro?n thence to Great Britain, for the diminution of finch debts, until the fame Jhould be reduced to two crores of current rupees, or two millions of pounds filer ling ; thirdly, in pay-7nent of a fum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds in every year into the receipt of his Majefiy s exchequer, to be applied as parliament fljoidd diredl and that, until the faid debts in India Jhould he reduced to the amount of two crores of current rupees, or two ?nil-lions of pounds fierling, the idtimate furplus which Jhould remain of the J'aid net proceeds, after such payments thereout made as aforesaid, Jhould and might be from time to time fet apart and applied in augmentation of the faid fund or annual fum of five hundred thousand pounds a year, thereby appropriated for the reduSlion of the faid debts in India, in and for the reduction thereof by the difeharge of any further bills of exchange to be drawn from thence either for the transfer and remittance thereof to Great Britain, or for loans of money to be borrowed on the credit of any bills of exchange which Jhould be granted by the order of the court of directors to any greater amount than was therein before limited or directed in that behalf, or ctherwfe it fi:ould be lawful for the faid court of directors to apply any part of the faid ultimate furplus of the faid net proceeds in the payment of any debts of the faid company in Great Britain (the bond debt therein mentioned, of one million five hundred thousand pounds only excepted), or to the pur chafe of any goods, wares, or other merchandise, to be difpofed of in India or China, and to appropriate the produce thereof in and towards the more fpeedy diminution of the faid debts in India $ and that when and fo loon as the faid debts in India

Jhould

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 11T. c. 31.

Jhould have been reduced to the amount therein before limited in refpeft thereof and the bond debt in Great Britain to one million five hundred th oujand pounds, the furplus of the [aid net proceeds, after providing for the current payments of interejl, and other outgoings, charges, and expences, of the faid company, and of a dividend after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum on the faid capitalJlock, and the faid annual fum of five hundred thousand pounds to be paid into the exchequer, and after making good all former deficiencies in the faid annual payments, otherwife than was provided by the faid aft, Jhoidd be applied and difpofed of in the manner following-, (that is to fay). One fixth part of the faid furplus, computed andadjijledto the firjl day of March in every year, Jhould be referved and retained by the Jaid company for their oven ufe, and applied in augmentation of the dividends on their capital Jlock, and that the reficlue of the faid furplus Jhoidd be fit apart, and from time to time paid by the Jaid company into the bank ^England, within the firjl week in April, in each year, to be there placed to the account of the commijfioners appointed by an aft of the tiventy fixth year of his Majejlfs reign, intituled. An a 61 for vetting certain Turns in commifiioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied in the redudtion of the national debt, until the monies fo paid, together with the fums arifing by the growing interejl thereof', Jhould have amounted to twelve millions of pounds Jlerling : and that, from and after such payments, together with the monies fo arifing by the faid growing interejl, Jhoidd have amounted to the faid fum of twelve millions of pounds Jlerling, the faid furplus Jhould be, from time to time, paid into the receipt of his Majejlfs exchequer, and be there placed to the account of the confioli-dated fund, as the property of the publick in full right: and it was thereby further enafted, That the governor and company of the bank of England Jhould raife, and keep an account with the faid com-mijfioners in their books, to be intitided. The Account of the Guarantee Fund of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies-, and that as well all such monies as Jhould be paid by the faid united company to the faid governor and company, by virtue of that aft, as alj'o the annual dividends or interejl to arije therefro?n, in manner by that aft provided, Jhould be placed to the faid account, and Jhould be fever ally and refpeft ively under the order and direction of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, laid out and invejled in the names of the Jaid commijfioners in the pur chafe of capital Jlock.in any of the redeemable publick annuities transjerr able at the bank <9/" England, the fame to be tranfi ferrecl to the faid commijfioners, on account of the faid guarantee fund in the books of the Jaid governor and company of the bank of England, and that the dividends payable thereon, Jhould from time to time be received by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and be placed to the account of the Jaid connnijfioners: and it vjas thereby further enafted. That when and after the monies paid by the aid united company to thefaid governor and company of the bank, together with the monies received for dividends on the capitalJlock of annuities purchafed therewith, and with the proceeds thereof, Jhould have amounted to twelve millions of pounds Jlerling, the dividends of the

o 3

198 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1796.

faid capital flock of annuities Jhould, in preference to any other difpofition thereof be fubjeft and liable to make good to the faid united company, for and-during such time as they Jhall continue to trade with a joint flock, any deficiency or deficiencies in their own funds, applicable to the payment of the dividends in the faid aft mentioned of ten pounds per centum per annum on the capital flock of the faid united company, if any such deficiency Jhould happen in Juch payment or payments 3 andihat when there Jhould be no such deficiency, or being such after the fame Jhould be made good out of the faid dividends, such dividends, or the furplus thereof Jhould be deemed to be the property of the publick, and Jhould be paid, when and as often as the fame Jhould arife, by the governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of the exchequer, and be there carried to the account of the confolidated fund: and it was further enafted, That the capital flock of annuities wherein or in the pur chafe whereof the faid fum of twelve millions of pounds jierling Jhould be invefled purfuant to the directions of that aft, Jhould he deemed and confidered as a guarantee fund for the better fccuring to the faid united company their capital flock, or the value thereof such value being always computed for that purpose after the rate of two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of such capital flock 3 and that if at the time of the right and title of the faid united company to the faid whole, foie, and excluflve trade (limited as in the faid aft mentioned) becoming determined, their own funds and affets, real and perfonal, fnould be infujficient to pay and Jatisfy all their juft debts, and to make good to the faid company their faid capital flock, or the value thereof computing the fame after the rate of two hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of the faid flock, that then the faid capital flock of annuities, or guarantee fund, jhould be deemed and confidered, as far as the fame Jhould or might extend for that purpose, to be in the firfl place, and before any other application thereof, fubjeft and liable to make good to the [aid company and their creditors the deficiency fo arifeng in their own funds a?id ejfefts for the purpose aforefaicl 3 and that the faid capital flock of annuities, or the furplus thereof, after making good such deficiency (if any such there jhould be) Jhould remain and continue as a guarantee fund, for the better fecuring the capital flock of the faid united company, or the value thereof, rating the fa?ne as ajorefa 'ifl, after such determination of their whole, foie, and excluflve trade, for fo long time as they Jhould continue to trade with a joint flock, and j'ubjeft thereto 3 and after making good all such deficiencies, the Jaid capital flock of annuities, or fo much thereof as Jhould then remain, Jhould be and be deemed the property of the publick, as by the faid recited aft may appear : and whereas it is.jufl and expedient that after the flock of the faid company Jhall be encreafed, the faid guarantee fund, Jhould be alfo encreafed, fo as to give the proprietors of the faid encreafedJlock the fame fecurity and benefit as the proprietors of the preflnt flock of the faid company are entitled to 3 be it therefore further enafted Aft the flock by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time when and as the faid company’s ftock (hall be encreafed, the faid fund, in the guarantee ^ faJ<^ recited aft, called Tfe Guarantee Fund, fhallalfo be encreafed, fund, men- by the means .and in the manner in which the faid guarantee tioncd in the  ^  fund

1796*] Annoregni tricefnno feptimo Georgii III. c. 31.  *99

fund of twelve millions of pounds fterling is to be raifed, fo b^alfo ^ tQ that the fame may amount to the fum of the capital flock of the created^ faid company, computing the fame at such rate as in the laid recited a£^ is mentioned; and the faid guarantee fund, fo encreafed as aforesaid, fhall be fubje£t unto and a fecurity for such payments, and (hall be applied in the fame manner in every refpect, to all intents and purposes, as the faid guarantee fund is dire£ted to be paid and applied, fo as to fecure and make good to the creditors of the faid company any deficiency of their funds for the payment of debts, and alfo any deficiency to the proprietors of the faid increafed ftock, as well as the proprietors of the prefent ftock of the faid company, of the faid dividend of ten pounds per centum, and of the value of the faid ftock, at the times and under the circumftances in the faid a<5t mentioned, rating such value at two hundred pounds for everyone hundred pounds capital ftock, as in the faid act is mentioned.

IX.  dnd whereas, by the faid aft ?nade in the thirty-third year 33 Geo. 3. of the reign of his prefent Majejly, taking notice of a fund feparately seated ^ ^ belonging to thefaid united company, and therein called The. Company’s feparate Fund, it was enabled, That the faid feparatefund, or the monies conflicting the fame, Jhould continue in the hands of the faid company, bearing intercjl, and be employed in their trade, fubjeft to the payment of such dividends as were therein-after fpecified \ and that the faid feparate fund, with the growing intereft thereof fhould be divided and difributed in the manner therein-after mentioned., and in no other manner whatfoever, that is to fay, That after payment fhould be made by the company into his Majejly s exchequer of the two firfi injlalrnents of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds each, which by force and virtue of that aft would become due from the faid company to the publick on the firjl day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the firf day 0/ January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, refpeftively, or otherwife, after Jetting apart a fuff-cient fum for such payments (which Jaid payments were duly made agreeable to the provifion of the faid aft), it fhould be laivjul for the faid company, out of the faidfeparate fund, and the inter ef or growing income thereof to make and declare a dividend or dividends after the rate of ten /hillings per centum per annum on the prefent or any future amount of their capital flock, tuhich faid dividend or dividends fioould be paid and payable to the faid company over and above any other dividend or dividends which fhould become due in refpeft thereof • and that after the expiration of" the further term thereby granted in the jaid exclufive trade, it Jhould be lawful for the faid company to retain and difpofe of what jhould then remain of the faid company7s Jeparate fund, or of the monies conflicting the fame, and the internal or other annual proceeds thereof, in such manner as they fhould then think fit: and whereas the payment of the faid dividend of ten Jhillings per centum to the propydetors of the faid increafed fiock out of the faid feparate fund as in the faid recited aft is mentioned, will exhaufi the fame long before the expiration of the term of the faid exclujive trade, to the injury of the prefent proprietors of the )lock of the faid company, who would thereby be deprived of such dividend for the remainder of

0 4  the

ioo Anno regni trlcefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 32. [1796-

the faid term, and in regard the money to be raifed by the [aid in-creafedflock is for the mutual hem fit of the publick and the faid united company, it is fit that the faid dividend Jhould be confidered as a charge . m  upon the faid trade; be it therefore further enacted by the authority

FoT^er cent a^ore^ai<^> That the faid dividend of ten (hillings per centum, which payable under under the authority of the faid recited a6l will be payable to the recited ad;, proprietors of the faid increafed flock out of the faid feparate out of the fe- fund, dial! be paid to them out of the annual profits of the faid to'be^^id^ut comPany>  the fame manner, and at the fame times, as the

of the profits dividend of ten pounds per centum in the faid a61 mentioned is to of the com- be paid to the proprietors of the dock of the faid company ; and Pany-  for that purpose a Turn equal to the amount of such dividends

fhall, from time to time, be debited to the annual account, as a charge on the faid trade, and carried to the account of the faid feparate fund ; any thing in the faid recited a6l to the contrary notwithstanding.

Publick a£t. X. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That this act fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick a6t; and fhall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juitices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

Preamble. 15 Geo. 3. c. 5 1. and

3 7 Geo. 3. c. 30, recited,

Recited a£ts, to far as they relate to the making void notes under 5I. payable on demand to bearer, fuf-pended till May 1, 17 97.

CAP. XXXII.

jin at1 to fufpend, for a limited time^ the operation- of two afis of the fifteenth and fevcnteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majejty, for retraining the negociation of promiftbry notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.—[March 10, 1797.]

WH E REAS an act of parliament was pajjed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, intituled, An act to retrain the negociation of promiffory notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas another acl was pajfiedin thej'eventeenth year of the reign of his prejent Majejly? intituled, An a6t for further retraining the negociation of promiffory notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it is expedient, that the faid afls Jhould be fufpended for a certain time, fo far as the fa?ne may relate to any notes, draughts, or undertakings, made payable on demand; be it therefore ena6ted by the King’s mot excellent majety, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited a6ts, fo far as the fame relate to the making void of promiffory notes, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, payable on demand to the bearer thereof, for any fum of money lefs than the fum of five pounds in the whole; and alfo to refrrain the publifning or uttering and negociating of any such notes, draughts, or undertakings as aforesaid, fhall, from and after the fecond day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be, and the fame is

hereby

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 33, 34. 2ot

hereby declared to be, to all intents and purposes, fufpended until the firft day of May next.  <

II.  Provided always, and be it further ena6ted, That this a61 Aft may be may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any a61 or a6ts to be

made in this prefent feftion of parliament.  ieffion.

III.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That if notes are

if any perfon liable to the payment of any of such notes, draughts, not paid with-

or undertakings in writing, as may be iffued in purfuance of this in three

a6t, fhall neglect or fail to make full payment in money of the ^'^a^eia

fum or fums for which such notes, draughts, or undertakings juftiCe may

in writing, fhall be refpedtively given or iffued, or fo much order pty-

thereof as (hall be or remain due thereon respectively, by merit with

the fpace of three days after demand thereof made by the holder cofts 5

a  j  on neelecc

or holders of such notes, draughts, or undertakings in writing, mav Jaufe the

it fhall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty’s fame to be juftices of the peace for the county, riding, city, divifion, or levied by place, where the perfon or perfons refpe6tive!y fo refufing to pay diftrels. any of such notes, draughts, or undertakings in writing, as Jail aforesaid, fhall or may happen to be or relide, and such juftice or juflices is or are hereby required, upon complaint made by the holder or holders thereof to fummon the perfon or perfons againfl whom such complaint fhall be made, and after his, her, or their appearance, or in default thereof, upon due proof upon oath, (and which oath such juftice orjufticesis or are hereby empowered to adminifter), of such fummons or warning having been given, such juftice or juftices fhall proceed to hear and determine the faid complaint, and award such fum to be paid by the perfon or perfons relpedtively liable to the payment of every such note, draught, or undertaking in writing, to the holder or holders thereof, as fhall appear to such juftice or juftices to be due thereon, together with such a fum for cofts, not exceeding the fum of twenty fhillings, as to such juftice or juftices fhall feem meet; and if any perfon or perfons fhall refufe or negledt to pay or fatisfy such fum of money as upon such complaint as aforefaid fhall be adjudged, upon the fame being demanded, such juftice or juftices fhall, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, caufe the fame to be levied by diftrels and fale of the goods of the party fo neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, together with all cofts and charges attending luch diftrels and fale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner.

CAP. XXXIII.

An a£t for punifhlng mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—[March 10, 1797.]

Number of forces 60,765, including 5,222 invalids.

C A P. XXXIV.

An a<5t for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on fhore.—

[March 24* 1797*]

CAP.

202 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 33—39. [1796.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for appointing commifFioners for putting in execution an adf of this felTion of parliament, intituled, An adt tor granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.—[March 24, 1797.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An adt to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Merfey,to make a navigable canal from and out of a ccP* tain branch of their laid navigation, called, The Calcfon Canal, at or near .Endon, to or near the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford; and alfo a refervoir for fupplying the feveral canals of the faid company with water.—[March 24, 1797.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An adt to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fubjedts of his Majesty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, fo far as the fame rJate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the faid United States.— [March 27, 1797.]

CAP. XXXVTIT.

An adt for defraying the charge of the pay and doathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.—[March 27, 1797.]

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, made in this prefent fejfon of parliament, intituled. An act for raifing .a certain number of men in the feveral counties, ftewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of his Majesty’s army and navy.—[March 27, 1797*]

Preamble. X T 7 HERE AS it is expedient that an aft, pajfed in the prefent Adt of pre- VV fefion of parliament, intituled, An add for raifing a certain fent fdfion, number of men in the fevera'l counties, ftewartries, royal burghs, c. 5, recited 5 and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervice of his Majesty’s army and navy,Jhould he altered, explained, and fo much and amended: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may diVd^s the  ena(^e<^  5  and  be h ena(^ed by the King’s moft excellent

number of majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual men to be and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-raifed for the bled, and bv the authority of the fame, That fo much of the

- the cl? of faid a<5*’

as directs one hundred and fifty-four men to be levied Aberdeen, re- ^or countY °f Aberdeen, and thirty-two men for the city of pealed. ’ Aberdeen, including the parifh of Old Machar, (hall be and is Number of hereby repealed.

men to be  II.  And  be  it enabled, That for the county of Aberdeen, in-

raiftd for the eluding the whole of the parifh of Old Machar, there {ball be th^dt^of*  levied one hundred and fifty-nine men; and for the city of

Aberdeen. Aberdeen twenty-seven men.

If the city HI. And be it enafted. That in cafe the faid city of Aberdeen fhall have de- (hall have raifed thirty-two men as directed by the faid a<5f, and

delivered

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III.-c. 39.  203

delivered them over to the regulating officer, five of that number liyered 3*

fhall be added to those appointed to be raifed by the faid county;

and the faid county (hall refund to the faid city the expence in- to be refunded

curred in railing the faid five men, to be calculated at the average bythecouuty.

rate of the expence of railing the laid thirty two men, but not to

exceed the fum of twenty-five pounds fterling for each man.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That fo much of the faid aeft So much of as diredts two men to be levied for the town of Mclrofe, in the n^mt^r county of Roxburgh, and two men for the town o {Newton, in 0f menTo be^ the county of Wigton, fhall be and is hereby repealed ; and that raifed for

for the town of Meltofe, and the villages of Danielton, Darnick, Mjdrofe and

Bridgend, Gattcnfide, and Newjiecl, there (l)all be levied two

men; and for the town of Newton Douglas two ftien.  another ap-

V.  And be it enacted, That fo much of the faid adt as diredls portionment five men to be levied for the town of Jedburgh, in the county of made; Roxburgh, fhall be repealed ; and that for the faid town of Jed- as *df° for burgh there fhall be levied three men, and that the remaining Jedburgh; two men fhall be levied for the faid county.

VI.  And be it further enadted, That fo much of the faid adt and Thurfo. as impofes the number of eight men upon the town of Thurfo, in

the county of Caithnefs, fhall be repealed; and that the number of three men be raifed by the faid town of Thurfo, and the remaining five by the faid county of Caithnefs.

VII.  And whereas by the faid a 51, the trujlees or magijlrates re-fpeftively are authorifed and required to divide and apportion bounties, fries, and penalties, among the inhabitants of any county or place, in such manner and by such rule as to them fhallfeem rnojl expedient, and as may render the operation of the faid a5l in such cajes as equal and impartial as pojfible; but doubts having arijen whether the jujlices are authorifed to . apportion the number of men to be raifed by each parijh otherwife than according to the proportion ivhich the valuation of each parijh bears to the valuation of the ivbole county; be it therefore enadted and declared, That the juftices of the peace, when Juftices may apportioning the number of men to be raifed by each parifh, feparate any town, burgh, village, or place, if it fhall appear to them, from

the lifts of inhabited houfes or otherwife, that any town, burgh, ]?ate it as to village, or place, fhould be rated with a greater number of men them fhall than according to the valuation of the faid pari fh, the juftices are feem juft. 4 hereby authorifed to feparate the faid burgh, town, village, or place, from the parifh to which it belongs, and to apportion such a number of men upon such burgh, town, parifh, or place, as to the faid juftices may feem juft and reafonable; and where the juftices have already adled in manner aforesaid, their proceedings and orders are hereby declared legal and valid.

VIII.  And be it enacted, That every certificate granted to a perfon inrolled in virtue of the faid act, or a full and true copy thereof, figned by the regulating officer, fhall in all cafes be ;nro]ied to tranfmitted along with the perfon inrolled, and delivered to the thecom-commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, or manding of-of the fhip, tender, or vellel of war in his Majesty’s fervice, in feTman^or which such perfon fhall be inrolled or entered to ferve; and such veffelsjwho

2  commanding  fhall in a

Certificates to be delivered

204

limited time make out tickets for payment of bounties remaining due, which Ha all be paid agreeably to c. 4. of the prefent fcffion.

Time for which perfons inrolled fhail be liable to ferve.

Perfons in-rolled accufed of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magif-tratc.

Penalty on officers for refufing to deliver them over.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1796.

commanding officer lhall, within four days from the time of such perfon being admitted into any regiment, or before such volunteer lhall be compelled to go out of the county for which he fhail ferve, or from the time of such perfon’s joining such regiment, which (hall firfl happen, or from the time of such perfon being muftered and rated on board any such fhip, tender, or veffel, and before such fhip or veffel lhall proceed to fea, as the cafe may be, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such perfon on his engaging to ferve, and then remaining due, and which fhail be exprefled in the certificate granted in that behalf, in such manner as if such bounty money had become due to such perfon on account of arrears of pay as a private man in such regiment, if such perfon lhall enter into the army, or on account of wages as a landman or feaman on board such fhip or veffel, if such perfon (hall enter into the navy ; and' such bounty money fhail and may be paid to such perfon, or to his family, in the manner directed in refpecl of men inrolled in England, by an a£l paffed in the prefent feffion ot parliament, intituled, An aft for raiftng a certain number of ?nen in the fever al counties of England, for the fervice of his Majefy s army and navy, and fhail be reimburfed to the perfon fo paying the fame, by the collector of the cefs for the particular (hire, ftewartry, burgh, or town.

IX.  And be it further enabled, That every perfon inrolled by virtue of the faid firftrecited a£l, and infilled into any regiment or independant company of bis Majefly’s army, fhail be liable to ferve therein during the continuance of the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the regiment or independant company in which such perfon flaall be ferving (hall be in Great Britain, or otherwife for the fpace of one calendar month next after the arrival of such regiment or company in Great Britain; and that every such perfon entering into the fervice of the navy, fhail be liable to ferve therein during the continuance of the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the end of the war, if the fhip on board which such perfon fhail ferve fhail be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwife for the fpace of one calendar month next after the arrival of such fhip in any such port.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any perfon inrolled in his Majefly’s fervice, by virtue of the faid firft recited adl, dial] be accufed of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence againff the perfon, effiate, or property, of any of his Majeffy’s fubjedls, which is punifbable by the known laws of the land, the officer or officers having the command of such party, is and are hereby required to ufe his or their utmoil endeavours to deliver over such accufed perfon to the civil magi-ifrate, and (hall alfo be aiding and affiffing’to the officers of justice in feizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial j and if any such officer (hall wilfully negledt or refute, upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over ftfch accufed perfon to the civil magiftrate, or to be aiding

or



1.796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 39. zo$

or affifting to the officers ofjuftice in apprehending fiich offender, every such officer fo offending, and being thereof convidfed before any two or more juftices of the peace of the county where the fadt is committed, by the oath of two creditable witneftes, fhall be utterly difabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty’s fervice, provided the faid convidlion be affirmed at the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the faid county, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being.

XI.  And be it enadfed, That no perfon who fhall be inrolled P^fons in-in his Majesty’s fervice, in virtue of the faid firffc recited adf, taker?out fhall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s fervice by any Gf the ferviee procefs whatever, other than by fome criminal procefs for fome but for a criminal matter, punifhable by the known laws of the land, criminal

XII.  And be it further enadfed. That the feveral forms of ™atter* enrolment and of the return which the juftices of the peace and ^^5?^ the* other officers are required to caufe to be made and returned of following the number of men levied for his Majesty’s fervice, together form*

with the other particulars by the faid firft recited and this adt diredted, fhall be made in the following form :

Names of men enrolled.  Volunteers or fublti-tutes.  County or burgh for which they ferve.  Parifhes they belong to.  Ages.  Sums paid to volunteers or lubifi-tutes.  Sums paid to the colleftors of the cel s, and to whom.  Days on which they were enrolled, and at what places.

XIII.  And be it further enadted. That if any fervant what- Juftices may ever, hired by the year or other wife, lhall be inrolled, and any ^etermine difpute fhall arife between his mafter or miftrefs, employer or tween^mafters employers, and such fervant, touching any fum or fums of and fervants money due to such fervant for or on account of his fervice, per- inrolled formed before the time of such enrolment, or to such time as touching he (hall be obliged to quit the fervice of his faid mafter, ^^kvy^tbe miftrefs, employer or employers, it (hall and may be lawful, on money by complaint made thereof to any jufticeof the peace for the county, diftreis. city, town, or place, where such mafter, miftrefs, employer or employers fhall inhabit, for such juftice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every fuch

fervant.

2q6 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1796.

fervant, or any other witnefs or witnefles touching the fame* and to make such order for the payment of fo much wages to such fervant in proportion to the fervice he has performed, as to such juftice (hall feem juft and reasonable; and in cafe of refufal or nonpayment of any fums fo ordered, by the fpace of seven days next after such determination, such juftice Shall and may iftue forth his warrant to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of such mailer or miftrefs, employer or employers, rendering the overplus fif any) to the owner or owners after payment of the charges of such diftrefs and fale*

Provilions of  XIV. And be it further enabled, That all and every the pro-

cite^a&to  Vl^10ns of this  ad, fhall, in the execution of the faid firft recited

apply to  ad paffed in  this prefent feftion of parliament, be ufed and ap-

either.  plied, and conftrued in like manner, as if the fame provifions

were fpecially  enaded in the faid ad ; and all and every the provifions of the  faid ad, (except in fo far as hereby altered), {hall,

in the execution of this ad, be ufed, applied, extended, and conftrued in like manner as if the fame provifions were fpecially enaded in this a6t.

A<51 may be XV. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That this ^ledVhL1"6" may a^tere^’ varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to feVion.  he made in this prefent feftion of parliament.

C A P. XL.

An oB to allow the hanks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlar^d, to iffne notes for fums under a certain amount, for a'limited time \ and for indemnifying all perfons who have iffued notes for fmall fums of money in that part of the united kingdom. — [March 27, 1797*]

Preamble.  XT 7 HERE AS ^ an °^'>  ini^e  fifth  year  of  his  prefent

5 Geo. 3. c. V V Majeflfs reign, intituled. An ad to prevent the inconve-49, recited. niencies ariling from the prefent method of iffuing notes and bills by the banks, banking companies, and bankers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it was enafled, That from and after the firft day of June one tboufand seven hundred and fixty-fve, no note, accepted hill, poft hill, ticket, token, or other writing, circulated or which might be cir culated as fpecie, in the manner of a bank or bankers ?ietc, Jhould be iffued, re iffued, or given out as fpecic, by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, their Jervants or agents, in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, for any fum or fums of money lefs than twenty Jhillings lawful money of Great Britain, any law, ufage, or cuftorn, to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, their fervants or agents, who Jhould,'after the faid firft day of June, iftue, re-ijfue, cr give out any note, accepted bill, poft bill, ticket, token, or other writing afore faid, for any fum lefs than twenty j.hillings, Jhould, for every Juch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds fteriing, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who ftoould inform .or prof cute for the fame, to be finedfor and recovered in

manner

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 40.  207

manner thereby dire fled: and zvhereas it is expedient at the prefent time to allow the banks and banking companies herein-after defcribed, to iffue notes for a lefs fum than twenty fillings, for a limited time, notwithjlanding the faid recited claufe in the Jaid act: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this aft, The bank of it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the Britifl) Linen Company, and all other banks or banking companies in Scotland, who, on or before the firft able to bearer 'day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on demand, have exercifed the bufinefs of banking, or. keeping any bank for under 30s. receipt of money, and have iffued notes under the firm of such bank, in the nature of bank notes, (but to and for no other perfon or perfons, company or companies, whatfoever), to iffue notes, bills, or tickets, in the nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer on demand, for any fum whatever under the fum of twenty {killings fterling, in the fame way that the faid banks and banking companies have heretofore been ufed to iffue notes for twenty (hillings and upwards, fince the faid firft day of June one thousand seven hundred and fixty-five; any thing in the faid recited aft, paffed in the fifth year of his Majesty’s reign, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.  And whereas, from the prefent difficulty of procuring fpecie, feveral perfons, bodies politick or corporate, their fervants or agents, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, have iffued, and may continue to iffue, bills, notes, or other obligations, for fmallfuns under twenty j,hillings fterling, and doubts may arije whether such per-jons have not been guilty of the offence prohibited by the faid recited

all; be it therefore enafted, That such perfon or perfons, bodies Perfons who politick or corporate, and their fervants or agents, fhall, and havek^ed they hereby are indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from and ^os^riorTo againft all penalties or forfeitures incurred, or that may be in- puffing this curred, for or by reafon of their having iffued the bills, notes, or a<5t, mdenmi. obligations aforesaid, or by reafon of such as may be iffued on or before the paffing of this aft: provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent the holders of such bills, notes, or obligations, at any time from demanding and receiving payment thereof from the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who have iffued, or may, until the paffing of this aft, iffue the fame.

III.  And be it further enacted, That this aft fhall continue in Continuance force until the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven .hundred °f afh

and ninety-seven, and no longer; and fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enaftpd. That this aft Aft may be

may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be made alcefe?f?1"* re~ in this prefent feftion of parliament.  Feffion. 18

CAP.



2o8 Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c.4r. [1796.

CAP. XLI.

An aft for increafmg the rates of fubfijlence to be paid to innkeepers • and others on quartering foldiers. — [ April 24, 1797.]

WHEREAS by'an aft pajfed in the prefent fejfon of parliament, for punching mutiny and defertion.

Preamble.

Mutiny adt recited.

and for the better

payment of the army and their quarters, certain rates are efa-blifbed in that part c/'Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the payment of innholders and others on whom non-commiffioned officers and private foldiers are quartered and billetted, who fhall be furnijhed with diet and fnall beer at their quarters ; and an option is given to such innholders and others, to furnijh certain articles gratis, in lieu of diet and fmall beer, at the rates preferibed: and whereas the occafion- of marching and quartering of troops has encreafed, and may continue, and the rules preferibed for furnijhing foldiers with necejfaries are, in many in fiances, become, from the high price of provifions, inadequate, and are produftive of diflrefs to such innholders and others : may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadled; and be it enadted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au-Non-commif- thority of the fame, That every non-commiffioned officer and and foldierTto Pr*vate f°Hier who (hall be furnifhed with diet and fmall beer allow icd. per within the aforefaid part of Great Britain, by the innholders or diem for diet other perfons on whom such non-commiffioned officers or private and fmall beer foldiers (hall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the faid adt, m quartets in  p3y ancj a]jow for the farne ten-pence per diem\ and that the

S 9 1 accounts of the fame fhall be rendered, and payment thereof made, in like manner as is diredted.in the faid adt now in force touching the former rates of fixpence per diem for the cavalry, and four-pence per diem for the infantry.

II.  And be it further enabled. That in cafe any innholders or other perfons on whom any non-commiffioned officers or private men (hall be quartered, fhall, by virtue of the faid option in the

in lieu thereof, faid a61, furnifh such non-commiffioned officers or foldiers with ad. per diem the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnifhing diet and fmall beer, at the rates preferibed by this act, such innholders or other perfons on whom such non-commiffioned officers or foldiers are quartered, and by whom the faid articles fhall have been fo fup-plied, (hall receive, in confideration thereof, two-pence per diem for each non-commiffioned officer and foldier, inftead of furnifhing the fame gratis, as required by the faid adt; which fum of two-pence per diem (hall be accounted for and paid in like man* ner as is diredted touching the rates aforefaid.

III.  And be it further enadted, That the fum to be paid to the innholder or other perfon, on whom any of the horfes belonging to his (aid Majesty’s forces fhall be quartered by virtue of the faid adt, for hay and draw, fhall be ten-pence halfpenny per diem for each horfe, indead of fixpence per diem as diredted in the faid adt.

>  IV.  And

and for articles which have been fur-nifhed gratis

to be allowed.

For boi fes quartered, lod. 2q. per diem to be paid for hay and draw.



1796.] Annoregni tflcefimo feptimo Georgii HI. c. 41.  209

IV.  And whereas the provifions contained in the /aid recited' aft-, So much of

with refpedl to the manner of dieting non-commiffioned officers and fol-  to^fur-

diers on a inarch, or employed in recruiting, and likeivife the recruits nj(hing w|th by them raifed, have been productive of much inconvenience, as well diet non-com-to the troops as the innholders \ be it further enaifled, That fo much miffioned

of the faid recited a61 as relates to the manner of furnifhing non-commiffioned officers and foldiers on a march, or employed in rnarcj1 or re_ recruiting, and likewife the recruits by them raifed, with diet or cruiting, re-other provifion, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.  pealed.

V.  And be it further enabled, That all non-commiffioned Regulation officers and foldiers (hall be entitled to receive their diet and refpedtto fmall beer from the innholders or other perfons on whom they Com”5ffioned may be billetted, at the rates hereinbefore prefcribed, while on officers and the march, as alfo on and for the day of their arrival at the place foldiers on

of their final deftination, and on the two fubfequent days, unlefs tkeir inarch*

either of the two fubfequent days (hall be a market day in and for

the town or place where such officers or foldiers (hall be billetted,

or within the diftance of two miles thereof, in which cafe it (hall

and may be lawful for the innholder, or other perfon as afore-

faid, to difeontinue on and from such market day the fupply of

diet and fmall beer, and to furnifh in lieu thereof the articles

in the faid recited a£t fpecified, and at the rate herein-before

prefcribed.

VI.  Provided always. That if any regiment, troop, company, When

or detachment, when on the march, (hall be halted, either for a non-eommif-limited or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the non- lioned officers commiffioned officers and foldiers belonging thereto fhail be en- and foldiers titled to receive their diet and fmall beer from the perfons 0n entitled to whom they (hall be billetted at such intermediate place, for such ^eer as after4 time only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame arriving at after arriving at the place of their final deftination, according to their deftina- • this a£t.  •  tion:

VII.  Provided neverthelefs, That whenever it (hall happen and if such that any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on hajtJn^r^ their march, fhail be halted, and it (ball appear by the marching aftJr arrival, orders that it is not intended that such regiment, troop, com- and that be a pany, or detachment, (hall halt for any longer time than one in- market day, tire day after the day of their arrival at the place of halting, and

the day after such arrival fhail be such market day as aforesaid, it^^e ^ifeon-fhall not be lawful for the innholders or other perfons on whom tinued. the non-commiffioned officers and foldiers fhail be billetted, to difeontinue, on such market day, the fupply of diet and fmall beer to any such officers or foldiers ; but that all such officers and foldiers (hall be entitled to receive their diet and fmall beer from such innholders and other perfons aforesaid, upon such market day as aforesaid, at the rates herein-before prefcribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such day had not been a market day; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

VIII.  And be it further enadbd, That all non-commiffioned ^fi!afI0n9

Vol. XLI.  P  officers  recruilicg

210  Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georg ii III. c. 42—45. [1796.

parties and officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits thei^inarch ^em railed, (hall, while on the march, and for two days after the day of their arrival at any recruiting ftation, be entitled * to the fame benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to troops upon the march ; but no recruit enlifted after the two days fubfequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting ftation, fhall be entitled to be fupplied with diet and fmall beer at the rate herein-before prefcribed, except at the option of the perfon on whom he (ball be quartered : provided alfo neverthe-lefs. That in cafe any such recruiting party, with the recruits by them raifed, fhall remove from their ftation, and after a time ‘ fhall return to the fame place, they, and the recruits by them raifed, fo returning, fhall not be again entitled to the fupply of diet and fmall beer for such two days as aforesaid, unlefs the period between the time of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, (hall have exceeded twenty-eight days. oi°a<^nUanCe IX. And be it further enabled. That this aft fhall have continuance from the twenty-fourth day of Marcb one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until the twerity-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

CAP. XLII,

An aft for altering and amending an aft, palled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for paving, cleaning, lighting and watching, the town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftruftions, and annoyances therein ; and for continuing the term of certain tolls by the faid aft granted.—[April 24, 1797.]

CAP. XLI1I.

An aft for building a new chapel at Plymouth dock, in the parifh of Stoke Damerd, in the county of Devon. —[April 24, 1797.]

CAP. XLIV.

An aft for amending and rendering more effeftual an aft pahfed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for paving, lighting, clean ling, and otherwife improving the town of Ipfwich, in the county of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftruftions, and annoyances therein.—[April 24, 1797.]

CAP. XLV.

An aof for confirming and continuing for a limited time, the reflection contained in the minute of council of the ttventy-fxth ^February one thousand jeven hundred and ninety feven, on payments of cafo by the bank. —[May 3, 1797.]

Preamble. \\7 HERE A S, by minute of his Majeflfs privy council, made Minute of pri. V V on the twenty-fxth day ^February one thousand seven hundred Feb°2 6Cf  an^ n'lneiy feven, llpon the reprefentatmi of the chancellor of the cx-

recited.* 7^7> chequer, fating, that from the refult of the information'which he had received, and of the enquiries which it had been his duty to make re-fpetting the ejfett of the unufual demands for fpecie that have been made upon the metropolis, in confequence of ill-founded or exaggerated

alarms

1796.] AnnoregnitricefimofeptimoGEDRGii ML c. 45-  2x1

alarms in different parts of the country, it appeared,  unlefs- fame

meafure was immediately taken, there might be reafon to apprehend a want of a jufficient fupply of cajh to anfuoer the exigencies of the puhlick fervice; it was declared to be the unani?nous opinion of the board\ that it zvas indijpenfably neceffary for the pitblick fervice, that the dire Hors of the bank of England fhould forbear iffuing any cajh in payment until the fenfe of parliament could be taken on that jubjedl, and the proper 7neafures adopted thereupon for ?naintaining the ?neans of circulation andfupporting the pub lick and commercial credit of the kingdom at this importunate conjuncture; and it was ordered, that a copy of the faid minute jhould be tranfmitted to the directors of the bank of England, and they were thereby required, on the grounds of the exigency of the cafe, to conform thereto until the fenfe of parliament could be taken as aforefaid: and whereas, in purfuance of the faid minute, the faid governor and company of the bank of England, have fnce the faid twenty fixth day 0/February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fevers, forborne to iffue cafb in payments, except for purposes for which the iffue of cajh was deemed unavoidable ; and it is neceffary that the rejlriCtion contained in the faid minute, although not warranted by law, jhould be confirmed, and Jhould be continued for a limited time by the authority of parliament: be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That all abts done by the faid governor and company of the bank The bank in-of England, or by their order or direction, in purfuance of the  tor

faid minute of council, (hall be, and the fame are hereby ratified pu^anre and confirmed ; and that all and every perfons and perfon who of recited mi-have or hath been concerned in doing any such a61s, or any nuteofeoun-matter or thing relating thereto, fhall be, and are and is hereby c^* laved harmlefs, indemnified, and difchargec|, in refpedf thereof, as well againft: the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, as againft all and every other perfons and perfon 5 and that all fuits and proceedings whatfoever touching or concerning any matter difeharged by this a£l, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made void and of no effect to all intents and purposes j any law, ftatute, or nfage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, tQ jfpUe caih^ * from and after thepaftingofthis act, it fhall not belawful for the faid but recording governor and company to iffue any cafli in payment of any debt or to certain demand whatfoever, except according to the proviftons herein- provi lions, after contained ; and' that during the continuance of the reftrieftion During hereby impofed on payments by the faid governor and company in ^on no^iiit\o cafh,no a£lion or fuit fhall be profecuted againft the faid governor be profecuted and company to compel payment of any note of the faid gover- tocompelpay-nor and company expreffed to be payable on demand, or to me.nt of notes compel payment of any note of the faid governor and company bank^lhall be made payable otherwife than on demand, which the faid gover- willing to ex-nor and company fhall be willing to exchange for any note or change for notes of equal amount expreffed to be payable on demand, or to otiler notes.

p 2  compel

,

212

Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1796.

compel' payment of any fum of money whatfoever by the faid governor and company, which the faid governor and company ilvall be willing to pay in notes of the faid governor and company exprelled to be payable on demand ; and it {hall be lawful for the faid governor and company during the continuance of the reftridlion aforefaid on payments in ca(h, to apply to the court wherein any adtion or fuit {hall be brought, or (hall, be depending, againlt the faid governor and company, to flay pro-Thebank may ceedings therein, in a fummary wav; and in cafe such action or court to ftav  brought  t0  compel  payment  of any note or notes

proceedings of the faid governor and company made payable on demand, it in actions. (hall be lawful for the faid governor and company to apply to the faid court to flay all proceedings in such adtion or fuit until the expiration of the time herein-after limited for the continuance of such reftridlion as aforesaid, and such court fhall flay all proceedings accordingly; and in like manner it fhall be lawful for the laid governor and company tp apply to any court in which any adtion or fuit (hall be brought or depending for the purpose of compelling payment by the faid governor and company of any note of the faid governor and company payable otherwife than on demand, or of any other debt or demand whatfoever, to flay all proceedings againfl: the faid governor and company in such adlionor fuit, on payment of such fum of money as fhall appear to be juftly due, or which might be recovered in such adtion or fuit, by delivery of notes of the faid governor and company for the'amount thereof exprelled to be payable on demand, if the party or parties to whom such money fhall appear to be due fhall be willing to accept payment thereof in such notes, and thereupon such court fhall order all proceedings to be flayed accordingly; but if the party or parties entitled to any such money {hall refufe to accept payment thereof by delivery of such notes of the faid governor and company, exprefFed to be payable on demand as aforesaid, the faid court (hall order all proceedings againfl the faid governor and company in such adtion or fuit to be flayed until the expiration of the time herein-after limited for the continuance of such reftridlion on payments in cafh as aforefaid provided always, 'That if it (hall appear to such court to be neceflary for the purpose of afeertaining the amount of any demand on the faid governor and company, or otherwife for the furtherance of juflice, that any proceedings fhould be had for any such purpose, it (hall be lawful for the faid court to permit proceedings to be had in any luch-action or fuit for such neceflary purpose only, or to alcertain the amount of such demand, in a fummary way,

The court may permit proceedings to he hod to afeertain the amount of any demand on the bank, or for the

furtherance of as the nature of the particular cafe may require, and as fhall be juftice.  confident with the reftridlion on payments in cafh hereby im-

No cofts to pofed : provided alfo, That no cofts (hall be recovered againfl be given un- the faid governor and company, in any adtion or fuit which, lefs the court during the continuance of the reftridlion aforesaid, fhall be t dion^ecef brought or profecuted for the purpose of compelling payment by fary, See. '  governor and company of any debt or demand, unlefs

the

213

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 45.

the court wherein the fame fhal) be brought or profecuted (hall be of opinion that the fame was necefi'ary for the purpose of afcertaining the amount of such debt or demand, or the title thereto, and in such cafe such court may diredt the payment of such cofts by the faid governor and company in their notes ex-prefled to be payable on demand, if the party or parties entitled to such cofts fhal 1 be willing to accept such notes; and if such party or parties fhall refufe to accept such notes, then such court fhall ftay all proceedings to compel payment of such cofts until after the expiration of the reftridlion on payments by the (aid governor and company in cafh, herein contained.

III.  Provided always, and it is hereby enadled by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained fhall extend The bank

to reftrain the faid governor and company from iftuing anv fum .maY^4e ca 1

r  , r ~  f  J n .  r  in certain

of money lefs than twenty millings in earn in payment or any cafes>

debt or demand not amounting to twenty (hillings, or in payment of fo much of any larger debt or demand as fhall be a fractional part of twenty (hillings over and above the refidue of such debt or demand ; or from iffuing any fum of money in cafh for the fervices of the army, navy, or ordnance, in purfuance of • an order of his Majesty’s privy council, dating the fpecial purpose for which such ifiue (hall be required, and the neceffity for the fame ; all which orders of council (hall be laid before both houfes Orders in of parliament within three days after the date of each of (uch order,  ^

if parliament fhall be then fitting, and if not, then within three belaid before days after the fitting of parliament.  parliament.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enacled, That it fhall not be Bank not to lawful for the faid governor and company, during the conti- advance more nuance of the reftridtion on payments of cafh impofed by this

adl, to ifiue any fum of money in cafh, or in notes of the fervice during faid governor and company, by way of loan or advance, for or the reilric-on account of the pubiick fervice, except to an amount not ex- tion. ceeding fix hundred thousand pounds, on the credit of exchequer bills, to be ifiued by virtue of an adl of the prefent feftion of parliament for railing the fum of eighteen millions by way of annuities; any law, ufage, or ftatute, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the feventh day of The bank April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, during the may pay in

continuance of the reftridfion bv this act impofed on pay- a

,1,-.,  ,  . n  n ,, 1 J portion of

meirts by the laid governor and company in caih, it fhall never- fumsnot un-

theiefs be lawful for the laid governor and company to accept, der 500I. ex-from any perfon or perfons wharfoever, any fum or lums of mo- changed for ney, in cafh, not being Ids than five hundred pounds, in exchange  <ince

for notes of the faid governor and company, of equal amount,  7,1

upon an engagement from the faid governor and company to pay to such perfon or perfons, during the continuance of such reftridlion as aforesaid, calh in exchange for any note or notes . of the laid governor and company, payable on demand, to fuch

p 3

2X4 Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1796.

an amount, not exceeding in the whole three fourths of the fum of money which {hall have been fo paid by such perfon or perfons to the faid governor and company in cafh, and in such propor-* tions, and at such intervals, as {hall be expreffed in such engagement ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid governor and comr pany to pay in cafh such fum and fums of money as (hall be required to be fo paid, according to the terms of such engagement, to the amount, in the proportions, at the times, and in the manner therein to be expreffed ; any thing in this contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-advance teethe a^ore^a^’ That it fhall be lawful for the faid governor and bunkers of company, notwithflanding the reflridtion impofed by this a£t, to advance, for the accommodation of the perfons dealing as bankers in London, JVeJhninfler, and the borough of Sduthzvark, in cad), any fums of money, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds in the whole, to be paid to such perfons, at such times, in such proportions, and in such manner, as to the faid governor and company (hall feem expedient.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of the bank of England., upon application being made to them, by or on the behalf of the treafurer of the bank called The Bank of Scotland, eftablifhed by an act of the parliament of Scotland, in one thousand fix hundred and ninety-five, or by or on the behalf of the cafhier of the bank called The Royal Bank of Scotland, incorporated by royal charter, dated the thirty-firfl day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven, to ifiue and pay to such treafurer or cafhier refpedlively, or to such perfon or perfons as they fhall refpe&ively appoint to receive the fame, for the foie ufe of the faid banks, such fum or fums of money, in gold or filver, as may be required,- not exceeding the fum of twenty-five thousand pounds for each of the faid banks; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithflanding.

VIII.  And be it further enacfied by the authority aforefaid. That all payments in notes of the faid governor and company

deemed pay- expreffed to be payable on demand, which haye been made lince mentb in cafh the faid twenty-fixtn day of February one thousand seven hundred if accepted as ancj ninety-seven, or which (bail be made during the re-UL l'  firitffion  on payments by the faid governor and company in cafh,

herein contained, fhall be deemed .payments in cafh if made and accepted as such ; any law, flatute, or ufage, to the contrary thereof notwithflanding.

No perfon to IX, And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That cfa^b^i^uiikfs during ^ie continuance of the reftriclion on payments by the faid affidavit be  governor and company in cafh, impofed by this acl, no perfon

made that  fhall be held to fpecial bail upon any procefs iffuing out of any

there had been courf? unlefs the affidavit which fhall be made for that purpose according to the provilions in the a£l of the twelfth year of the ...................................................................... reiern

London, Weftminfter, and Southwark, ioo,ocol. in calh.

The bank may advance in cafh to the bank of Scot' land, and to the royal bank of Scotland, -25,000b for each.

Payments in ^Gtes to be

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c* 45

reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrefts, (hall not only contain the feveral matters required by the faid but alfo that no offer has been made to pay the fum of money in such affidavit mentioned, and therein fvvorn to, for the purpose of holding any perfon to fpecial 'bail, in notes of the faid governor and company, expreffed to be payable on demand, (fractional parts of the fum of twenty (hillings only excepted); and if any procefs fhall be iffued againft any perfon upon which such perfon might have been held to fpecial bail before the paffing of this adf, and no affidavit (hall be made as aforesaid, that no such offer of payment in notes of the governor and company had been made as aforesaid, such perfon (hall not be arrefted on such procefs, but proceedings fhall be had againft such perfon in the fame manner as if no affidavit had been made for the purpose of holding such perfon to fpecial bail under the provifions of the faid aft of bis faid late majefty King George the Firft:; and all provifions in such act, or in any other act of parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrefts, (hall be applied to the provifions in this aft contained, fo far as the fame are capable of being fo applied: provided always, That if affidavit (hall be made upon which any perfon or perfons might have been held to fpecial bail upon any such procefs as aforesaid, before the paffing of this act:, and it fhall be likewife fworn in such affidavit that such offer of payment has been made as aforesaid, fo that the perfon or perfons who might have been arrefted and held to fpecial bail upon such procefs, if this aft had not been made, cannot, by reafon of such offer and of the provifions in this aft contained, be fo arrefted and held to fpecial bail, it fhall be lawful for the court out of which such procefs (hall iffue, or for any judge of such court, in a fummary way, to order the defendant or defendants in the aftion in which such procefs (hall iffue, and who might have been fo held to fpecial bail as aforefaid if this aft had not been made, to caufe notes of the faid governor and company, expreffed to be payable on demand, to the amount of the fum of money for which such perfon or perfons might have been fo held to fpecial bail if this aft had not been made, to be depofited in such manner as such court or such judge fhall direft, to anfwer ..the demands of the plainriff or plaintiffs in such aftion; and if such depofit fhall not be made within the time limited by such order after such notice .thereof as (hall thereby be directed to be given, it (hall be lawful, upon affidavit duly made and filed that such depofit has not been made according to such order, to arreft such defendant or defendants, and hold him, her, or them to fpecial bail, in such and the fame manner as if this aft had not been made.

X.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of the teftriftion on payments by the faid governor and company in ca(b, by this aft impofed, all fums of money which now are or (hall become payable for any part of the publick revenue, fhall be accepted bv the collectors, receivers,

P 4  and

21 1

if no such affidavit be made the fame proceedings to be had as if no affidavit had been made to hold to fpecial bail.

If any perfon

cannot by reafon of this aft be held to fpecial bail, the court may order him to depofit bank notes to anfwer the demand, and if not done, he may be arreft-ed.

Collectors ot the publick revenue to accept it iit bank notes.

2i6 Anno regni trlcefimo feptimo Georgix 111. c. 46. [1796.

and other officers of the revenue, autnorifed to receive the fame, in notes of the laid governor and company, expreffed to be payable on demand, if offered to be fo paid (fractional parts of the fum of twenty (hillings only excepted).

The bank  XI.  Provided  always,  and  be  it  enafted, That it (hall and

may iflue cafh may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of come into  England, during the continuance of this aft, to iffue cafh, out

their hands  of any cafh which (hall have come into the hands of the faid

fmce Feb. a6, governor and company fubfequent to the twenty-fixth day of *797* on Pre' February laft, and which (hall be at their difpofal, in payment of t^the^eaker an3r c^e^>t or ^emanc^ whatfoever, or of any part or proportion of of the houfe  A 1

of commons.

Continuance of aft.

Aft may be repealed or altered this feiliom

any debt or demand whatfoever, upon their giving five days notice in writing to,the fpeaker of the houfe of commons of their intention fo to do, any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding; which notice the fpeaker of the houfe of commons is hereby required to caufe forthwith to be inferted in the London Gazette, and a copy thereof to be affixed on the Royal Exchange in London.

XII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft (hall be in force and have continuance, fo far as the fame reftrains the faid governor and company from iffuing caffi in payments, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

XIII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft, or any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any manner whatfoever, during the prefent feffion of parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An off for making certain annuities, created by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, transferable, and the dividends thereon payable, at the bank of England ; and for the better fecurity of the proprietors of juch annuities, and of the governor and company of the b(ink 0/*England.—[May 3, 1797]

Preamble.

Aft of the parliament of Ireland, 37 Geo. 3, recited.

WHEREAS by an aSi of parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, made and paffed in the thirty-Jevcntb year of his frefent Mnjefly's reign, intituled, An aft for fecuring the payment of the annuities, and of the intereff upon the principal fums therein provided, for and towards the difeharge of such principal fums in such manner as therein is direfted ; and for enabling the officers of his Majesty’s treafury to receive certain fums for a limited time in manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund; and for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and for other purposes, reciting (among other things) that by a rejolution oj the houfe of commons of Ireland, of the eighteenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety fix, it was refolved, thut whatever [urn or fums of money jhould be advanced or paid into hi Mauffs tree fury imthe kingdom of Ireland, not exceeding'in the

ivhok

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 4

whole the fum of five hundred ihoufand pounds, to be applied by his excellency the lord lieutenant, to defray such extraordinary expences as the then prefent circumft antes rendered neceffary, and which had not been provided for by parliament for the fervice of the then current year, fioould be made good, such fum to be raifed by iffuing debentures or Jlock of one hundred pounds, bearing an interejl not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, and not redeemable for fifteen years, to the amount of five hundred thousand pounds, together with such annuities for each one hundred pounds as Jbould be agreed on by his excellency the lord lieutenant, not exceeding the low eft rate which Jhoidd be offered by any perfon or perfons propofing to pay and advance such films, such annuity to continue for fifteen years, or by fale of annuities of one hundred pounds each, not exceeding in the'whole the fum of fixty thousand pounds per annum, for fifteen years or for one life, to the perfon or perfons offering the greatejl number of years pur chafe for such annuity, or partly by iffuing such flock or debentures, and partly by fale offaid annuities, in such manner as Jhould be directed by his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the faid kingdom of Ireland ; and alfo reciting that, in purfuance of the faid reflation, the fum of three hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds, being three hundred thousand pounds Britifh currency, part of the faidfum of five hundred thousand pounds, had been fubfcribed for in England, to be paid into his Majefly’s treafury in the kingdom of Ireland, and had been made fiock, transferr able in transfer books, agreed to be kept by the governor and company of the bank of England, for which fum an interejl of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of September one thousandfiven hundred and ninety-fix, was payable in the city of London ; and that the faid fum was due, and unpaid; and for ejfeCluating the raifing of the faid fum of three hundred and tiventy-five thousand pounds, annuities offour pounds and fifteen J,hillings, by the year, [or each fum of one hundred pounds, for thirteen years and a half, from the faid twenty-fifth day ^/'September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, amounting to fifteen thousand four hundred and thirty-seven pounds ten Jhillings Irifh currency, transferrable at the bank of England, had been appointed to be paid in London to the perfon or perfons who advanced and paid the faidfum; it was enabled, (amongfi other things),

1That for the faid fum of three hundred and tiventy-five thousand pounds made Jlock, transferrable at the bank of England, there Jhould be paid in the city of London, at the end of every fix calendar months, to the perfon or perfons who paid or lent or Jhould have become entitled to the fame refpeClively, his, her, or their executors, adminijlrators, or affigns, an inter eft at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum Irifh currency, such interejl to be paid without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatfoever, until such time, as they Jhould be refpeClively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it was further enabled., That the fever al annuities granted in purjuance of the jail reflation of the eighteenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, Jhould be regularly paid at the city of London, to the perfons thereunto refpeClively entitled, as the fame Jhoidd become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the Cn’ft

ad

2l8

The bank of

England may-pay the in-tereft of 300,000). iubihribcd in

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1796.

aft: and whereas the governor and company of the hank ^England have confented arid agreed that the annuities and interejl upon the faid principal fum of three hundred thousand pounds Jlerling, herein-before Jlated to have been fubfcribed for in England, and by the faid ah of parliament ^Ireland made payable in England, fhall be payable at the bank of England, and the faid governor and company have alfo confented and agreed to keep fitch transfer books thereof as are mentioned in the faid aft of parliament of Ireland ; but such agreement cannot be effectually carried into execution without the aid of parliament: may it therefore pleale your Majesty that it may be enadfed; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembicd, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to pay the intereft and annuities already due and payable, and hereafter to become due and payable, upon the faid principal fum of three hundred thousand pounds fterling; and the faid whfch^mav be aniunties> ar*d alfo the faid principal fum or ftock, and any part transferred at or parcel thereof, (hall and may be transferrable at the bank of the bank. England, in the manner herein-after deferibed • and the faid annuities, principal fum, or ftock, and the intereft payable thereon, fhall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it (ball be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to authorife and direeft their accountant general for the time being to keep books, wherein all aftignments or transfers of the faid annuities and principal fums or ftock fhall be entered and regiftered, in such manner as the faid governor and company {hall direct; which entry fhall be figned by the parties making such aftignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their refpedtive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully autho-rifed, in writing, under his, her, or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneftes ; and that the feveral perfons to whom such transfers fhall be made, fnall refpedlively underwrite their acceptance thereof by them-felves, or by their refpedtive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed in manner aforefaid; and that no other method' of aftigning and transferring the faid annuities and principal fum or ftock, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall N° flamp du- o-oot} or available in law: provided always, That no ftamp duties vvhatfoever fhall be charged on any of the faid transfers, nor on any receipt for any payment in refpect of the faid annuities or the faid principal fums or ftock, or the intereft thereof; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

ILL And whereas for the prevention of forgeries and frauds in refpeft of the receipts, payments, and transfers made or given in pur-fuance of this aft, it is necefjary that the like provifeons Jhould be enabled as by the laws now in being are already in force, refpeftling flocks,

annuities5

Rooks to be keptfor enter in2 transfers.

ties to be charged on transfers or receipt of annuities.

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 46.  219

annuities,  other publick funds tramferr able at the bank of Eng-

land : be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid^

That, from and after the paffmg of this aft, if any perfon or Perfons forg-perfons (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be recent* forged or counterfeited, or wilfully aft or aflift in the forging or ordebentures, counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for the whole or any part to fuffer or‘parts of the faid fubfcriptions or contributions towards thefaid death, principal fum of three hundred thouland pounds fterling, or any debenture or debentures, purporting to entitle any perfon or perfons, or body politick or corporate whatfoever, to any principal fum, or the intereft thereon, or any annuity or part of any principal fum, intereft, or annuity, payable under the faid aft of 'parliament of Ireland, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons, or body politick or corporate being inferted therein, as the fubfcriber or fubfcribers, or contributor or contributors, or payer or payers towards the faid principal fum of three hundred thousand pounds fterling, or any part or parts thereof, or {ball alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publifli as true, any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, debenture or debentures, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, such receipt or receipts, debenture or debentures, concerning fome part or {hare of or in the principal fums or flock, or the annuities, by this aft made or declared transferable at the bank of England, every such perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully afting or a (lifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifiling as aforesaid,

(hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

IV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That, Perfons forg-from and after the paffing of this aft, if any perfon or perfons inS letters of {hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counter- ^ perfon ating feited, or knowingly and wilfully aft or afiift in the forging or proprietors, counterfeiting, any letter of attorney, or other authority or in- to fuffer ftrument, to transfer, aflign, fell, or convey, any part or fhare death. ' of or in the principal fums or (lock, or the annuities, by this aft made or declared transferrable at the bank of England, or to receive any annuity or annuities, or intereft, or dividend or dividends, in purfuance of this aft, payable at the bank of England, or any part thereof, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully a£t or affift in the forging or counterfeiting, any the name or names of any the proprietor or proprietors of any such part or (hare of or in such principal fum or ftock, or annuities, intereft, dividend or dividends, as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended letter of attorney, inftrument, or authority, or {hall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such part or fhare of or in such principal fum or flock, or annuities, intereft, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, transferred, afligned, fold.

220

Perfons forging dividend warrants, <!xc. to fuffer death.

Officers of the bank embezzling potes, See. to Suffer. death.

or conveyed, or such annuity or annuities, intereft, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged letter of attorney, authority, or in-ftrument, or {hall falfely and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of the faid (hares of or in the faid principal fum or flock, annuities, intereft, dividend or dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer any part or (hare of or in the faid principal fum or (lock, or annuities, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the money of such true and lawful proprietor or proprietors, as if such offender or offenders were the true and lawful owner or owners thereof, then and in every or any such cafe, such offender or offenders fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and [hall fuffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the paffing of this a<ft, if any perfon or perfons fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money, payable in pur-fuance of this aeft at the bank of England, or any indorfement thereon, or fhall offer or difpofe of or put away any such forged, counterfeited, or altered dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money, payable as aforesaid, or the indorfement thereon, or demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any their officers or fervants, knowing such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money, payable as aforesaid, or the indorfement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fucceffors, or any other body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons what-foever, every perfon or perfons fo offending, fhall be deemed guilty of felo'ny, and fhall fuffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

VI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the paffing of this a£l, if any officer or Servant of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, being intrufted with any note, bill, dividend warrant, or war-

' rant for payment of any annuity or intereft, or money, or any Security money, or other effedls of or belonging to the faid governor and company, or having any note, bill, dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity or intereft, or money, or any Security money, or other effetfts of any other perfon or persons, body politick or corporate, lodged or depofited with the Said governor and company, or with him as an officer or Servant of the faid governor and company in purfuance of this acl or of the due execution thereof, fhall fecrete, embezzle, or run away with any Such note, bill, dividend or other warrant, Security money, or other effedls as aforesaid, or any part thereof, every such officer or fervant fo offending, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall Suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

VII.  And

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 46.  221

VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after "the palling of this aft, if any perfon or Perfons mak-perfons (hall wilfully make or aflift in making any transfer ofin^other^han any interefl, part, or fhare of or in any principal lum or hock, m*oprietors annuity or annuities, by this aft made or declared transferable names, to at the bank of England, in any of the books of the faid governor fader death, and company of the bank of England in which transfers of principal fums, flock, or annuities, as aforesaid, are, or in purfuance of this aft fhall be made, in the name or names of any perfon or perfons not being the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of such principal fum or flock, or annuity or annuities transferable as aforesaid, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England., or any other body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, such perfon or perfons fo making or affilling in making such transfer as aforesaid, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

VIII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the paffing of this aft, if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or to^fufffrS ^ caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or death, fhall wilfully aft or aflifl in the falfely making, forging, or counterfeiting of any transfer of any interefl, part, or fhare of or in any principal fum or flock, or annuity or annuities, by this aft made or declared transferrable at the bank of England, or fhall utter or publifh as true any such falfe, forged, or counterfeited transfer as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be falle, forged,

' or counterfeited, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, all and every perfon or perfons whatfoever fo offending, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

IX.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That, Perfons nrik-from and after the paffing of this aft, if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall wilfully make or affill in making, any falfe entry, ^>oks of the or fhall wilfully alter, or affill in altering, any word or figure in bank, to fuffer any entry in the books of account kept, or in purfuance of this death, aft to be kept by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, wherein the feveral accounts of the owners or proprietors of principal fums or flock or annuities by this aft made or declared transferrable at the bank of England arc, or in purfuance of this aft fhall be, entered and kept, or illal 1 in any manner wilfully falfify the account or accounts of any such owner or proprietor in the books of the faid governor and company, wherein such accounts are, or in purfuance of this aft fhall be, entered and_kept, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every iuch perfon or perfons fo offending fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon or felons without benefit of clergy.

X, And

X,  And whereas, in order to cover and conceal forgeries andfrauds in transfers, dividend warrants have been fometimes made out for different fums than the funis really due; be it therefore enacted by Officers of the the authority aforesaid, That if any clerk, officer, or’fervant of, out^fedfe^di"1^ °r ot^er Per^on or perfons employed or entrufted by, the faid videndtvar- governor and company, fhall* from and after the pafling of this rants to be a£f, knowing or wilfully make out or deliver, or caufe or procure tranfported. to be made out or delivered, or wilfully a£t or affift in the making out or delivering of any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, or intereff, or money payable in pur-fuance of this ad at the bank of England, for a greater or lefs amount than the perfon or perfons on whose behalf, or pretended behalf, such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, or intereff, or money payable as aforesaid, fhall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, all and every such perfon or perfons fo offending, being in due form of law convicted of any such offence or offences as aforesaid, fhall be tranfported for (even years.

CAP. XLVII.

An ad for difeharging the eftates of John Yeldham, efquire, from certain demands of the crown, upon the conditions therein mentioned.— [Maya, 179 7-]

CAP. XLVIII.

An ad for altering, amending, and rendering more effedual two ads, made in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, for the regulation and improvement of the fifheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and ftreams running into the fame, and alfo within the mouth or entrance of the faid river.—[May 3, 1797.]

CAP. XLIX.

An ad for repairing, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Eyemouth in the county of Berwick.—[May 3, 1797.]

CAP. L.

An ad for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preferving, the harbour of Barmouth, in the county of Merioneth.—[May 3, 1797.]

CAP. LI.

An ad for enabling the company of proprietors of the Leicefter navigation to finifh and complete their feveral works, and to difeharge the debts contraded in the making thereof; and for amendingan ad palfed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for making the faid navigation,' and feveral other works in such ad mentioned.— [May 3, 1797.]

CAP. LIL

An ad for regulating and converting the ftatute labour in the county of Fife ; and for more effedually making and repairing the highways within the faid countv.—-[May 3. 1707.]

CAP,

2796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 53.  223

CAP. LIII.

An a£l for carrying into execution his Majefly* s order in council of the third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety feven, for an increafe of pay and provifions to the feamen and marines ferving in his Majeflf $ navy ; and to amend fo much of an a cl, made in the thirty -fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, as enables petty officers and feamen, non-commijfwned officers of marines9 and marines, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives, children, or mothers. — [May 9, 1797.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an order was made by your Majefly in council, Preamble.

on the third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety feven, for an increafe to the prefent allowance of wages and provifions for the petty officers, feamen, landmen, and marines, ferving in your Majeffs fleet; and for a continuation of the pay of all petty officers feamen, landmen, and marines, who may hereafter be wounded in attion with the enemy, until their wounds fhall be healed, or fome other provifion j,hall be made for them : We, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjebls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous of enabling your Majelby to carry the fame into full and immediate execution, do mod humbly befeech your Majefly that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the Ring’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That a fum not exceeding three hundred and feventy-two 372,0001. thousand pounds, be granted to his Majefly on account, towards panted to^his enabling his Majefly to make an addition of five /hillings and in(?reafe of'^ fixpence per month to the prefent wages of the petty officers and pav and liable feamen belonging to his Majefly’s fleet; an addition of four lowance to (hillings and fixpence per month to the wages of ordinary fea- P®*1>r.

men: an addition of three (hillings and fixpence per month to ,  n  1  i  r  .  ,  r .  .  and marines,

the wages of landmen; and for continuing to the marines, when

embarked and ferving on board his Majefly’s (hips, the allowances ufually called Confolidated Allowances made to Marines when ferving on Jhore, videlicet, to ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, at the rate of two-pence, and to privates, at the rate of twopence farthing, per diem; and alfo to enable his Majefly to defray the expence of providing for the full allowance of provifions being iflued to the crews of his Majesty’s (hips, without any deduction whatfoever on account of leakage or wafle, and for paying (hort allowance money to the crews of any of the (aid ihips, in lieu thereof, until the fame can be carried into full effebl.

II. And be it further enabled, That all petty officers, able Petty officers feamen, ordinary (eamen, landmen, and marines, who may Earned a^nd hereafter be wounded in abtion with the enemy, (hall receive the wounded" to

full receive their

224 Anno regni tricefimoieptimo Georgii III. c. 53. [ 1796*

wages and al- full amount of their wages and allowances until their wounds their^vound-  Sealed, or unt^ being declared incurable they {hall re-

are healed or ce‘ve a penfion from the cheft at Chatham, or be admitted into are other wife the royal hofpital at Greenwich.

provided for. III. And whereas, by an aft paffed in the thirty-fifth year of his Alajefys reign, intituled, An a£t to enable petty officers in the navy, and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving in his Majesty’s navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families ; it is mailed^ That it fhall be lawful for petty officers and non-commiffioned officers of marines, to allot half their pay, able-bodied feamen five-pence per day, ordinary feamen ayid landfmen four-pence per day, and marines three-pence per day*, for the maintenance of their valves and children Pay.hereby or mothers : be it further enabled, That, from and after the paffing given may be 0f this a£>, it fhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of m^ntena^ce16 Majesty’s. navy, or any three of them, to direct the treafurer of families, as °f navy, or any receiver general of land tax, collector of cuf-by 35 Geo. 3. toms, or collector of excife, or clerks of the checque, to whom c- 28.  an allotment made conformable to the faid a£t fhall have been

addreffed, to increafe, from the twenty-fourth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the allowance in the payments he or they or any of them may thereafter make to the wife or mother of any petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, to a proportion equal to half the increafed pay of such petty officer or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, provided for by this a£f; and which fhall thereupon be paid in the fame manner as if such declaration and order of allotment had been originally made according to the rate of half the pay of petty officers, feamen, and marines, as by this a<5t is provided.

Allotments of IV. And be it further enabled, That when any petty officer pay to.be cal- or feaman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, (hall corffino- to"the hereafter a^ot any Pay f°r maintenance of his wife and chil-annexJd fche- dren or mother, the fame fhall be at a rate calculated as nearly dultv  equal as may be to half his pay, and according to the table in

the fchedule hereunto annexed.

The



The S C FI E D UL E to which this a<5l refers,

A TABLE,

Shewing the allowance to.be granted by allotment, calculated according to the rates of pay per month.

PAY,

Per Month.

£- *-5 0 4.15

4 10 4 5 3 15 3 11 3 5 3 .1 2 19 2 17

2 ?5 2 13 2 10

2 7

5

2

1 o

*9 *9 17 >5 13

11

10

9

3

2

o 19  3

014 o

ALLOWANCE,          

Per Day.      Per Month"    

    d.    S.  d.

O  I  9  2  9  0

O  I  8  2  6  8

O  I  7  2  4  4

O  1  6  2  2  0

O  I  4  I  *7  4

O  1  3  I  15  0

O  I  2  1  12  8

O  I  1  1  10  4

O  I  0 i  I  9  2

O .  I  0  1  8  0

O  O  ni  1  6  10

O  O  11  I  5  8

O  O  ioi  I  4  6

O  O  10  1  3  4

O  O  9i  I  2  2

O  O  9  1  1  0

O  O  Si  O  *9  10

0  O  8  0  18  8

O  O  8  O  18  8

O  O  7i  O  £7  6

O  O  1  O  16  4

O  O    O  lS  2

O  O  6  O  H  0

O  O  5  O  11  8

O  O  4x  O  10  6

O  O  4  O  9  4

O  O  3  O  7  0

CAP. LIV.

An adt for authorifmg the company of proprietors of the Gloucefter and Berkeley canal navigation to vary the line of a certain part of the faid canal, fo as to render the execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and lefs expenlive; and for altering and amending the adt, palfed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for making the faid canal.—[May 9, 1797.]

C A P. LV.

An adt for taking down and rebuilding the parifti church of Milbrooke in the county of Southampton, and for enlarging the qhurch yard of the faid pariih.— [May 9, 1797 ]

Vol. XU.  Q.  CAP.

226 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 56, 57. [1796.

C A P. LVI.

An a to amend an a <ft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for building a bridge acrofs the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the county of Hereford.—[May 9, 1797.]

CAP. LVII.

An aft for raifing the fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities•—[May n, 1797.]

Preamble.

Mcft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s mod: dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this feflion of parliament, have refolv-ed that the fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand

pounds be raifed by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every contributor towards railing the Taid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds {hall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, either in money or in exchequer bills, as herein-after is mentioned, be entitled to the principal fums of one hundred pounds and twenty-five pounds in confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum \ and alfo to a further principal fum of fifty pounds in reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum \ and alfo to a further prin^ cipal fum of twenty pbunds in annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the faid feveral confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; the faid reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per an-num^ to commence from the fifth day of April one thousand seven fhundred and ninety-seven ; and every such contributor fhall alfo thJconfoli- °  entitled, in refpedf of every such one hundred pounds fo

dated fund,  contributed, to a further annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence,

(fubjedf to a deduction as herein-after mentioned), to continue for a certain term of fixty-two years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to ceafe;-and that the faid feveral confolidated annui-

Every contributor of iool. towards railing 14,500,cool, to be entitled to a principal of iool. and 251. in the 3 per cent, confols; a principal of 50I. in the

3  per cents, reduced ; a principal of acl. in the

4  per cents, and an annuity of 6s. 6d. for a certain term,

half-yearly.

ties after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the faid reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum refpec-tively, and the faid annuity after the rate of four pounds per cen-'turn, and the faid further annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence (fubjedf to such dedudlion as herein-after is mentioned) in refpedt of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforesaid, 4  (hali

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo (eptimo Georgii III. c. 57.  227

fliall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and mad,e payable out of the confolidated fund, and (hall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and the faid confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum (hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the faid reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the faid annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum, fhall be paid half-yearly* on the tenth day of Odlobcr and the fifth day of April in every year; and the faid annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence (fubjedt to such deduction as herein-after mentioned) to continue for a certain term of fixty-two years and nine months, from the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to ceafe, fliall be paid half-yearly, on the tenth day of Oftober and the fifth day of April in every year.

II.  And be it further enadted, That every contributor towards Contributors raiding the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand

pounds, fliall, in proportion to every one hundred pounds fo con- ably to railing tributed and paid, contribute a further proportional fum to any a further loan loan not exceeding three millions five hundred thousand pounds, °f 3*500,0001. which fliall be made by virtue of any act or adbs to be pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament: provided always. That in cafe ditfion to be provifion fliall not be made by any a61 or adts to be pafled in the made from prefent feflion of parliament, for a further loan to the amount of the annuity of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, over and above the faid fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, a deduction of fixpence fhall be made from the amount of the annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence herein-before mentioned, upon every one hundred pounds contributed towards the faid loan of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, for and in refpedf of every million, by which the total amount of such further loan or loans fliall be lefs than three millions five hundred thousand pounds ; and in cafe provifion fliall not be fo made for any part of the faid three millions five hundred thousand pounds, a deduction of one (hilling and fixpence (hall be made from the amount of the annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence before mentioned.

III.  And whereas, purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions herein mentioned, jeveral perfons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, fubferibed together the whole of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raifed by an-unities, and made depofits of ten pounds per centum on the refpedlive fums by them fo fubjeribed to the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, with the c a finer or cajhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, and have alfo made further depofits of ten pounds per centum towards raijing any further loan or loans not exceeding three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by virtue of any adt or adls to be paffed in this fefjion of parliament, before the twenty-fixth day of May one thoufam Jeven hundred and

ninety feven; be it therefore enadled, That it fliall and may be Contributors lawful to and for such contributors, who have made such depofits  0plts

with the ca(hier or caftiiers of the governor and company of the ^the bank1 *

QJZ  bank  may pay the

remainder of fubferiptions by inftal-ments.

bank of England, (which cafhier or cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf,) to advance and pay unto the faid caflfier or cafniers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the feveral remainders of the fums by them refpedlively fubferibed, towards the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, either in money or exchequer bills, as hcrein-after is mentioned, at or before the refpedtive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf, (that is to fay),The further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fixth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the further fum oi fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-firfl day of June then next following, the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of July then next following, the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of Augujl then next following, the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of Sep~ tember then next following, the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the feventeenth day of October then next following, the further'fum often pounds per centum, on or before the feventeenth day of November then next following, and the remaining fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-ninth day of December then next following: provided always. That if provillon fhall not be made by any a6t or a£ls- to be paffed in this feflion of parliament, before the twenty-fixth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for raifing such further loan or loans to the full additional amount of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, the excefs of each additional fum fo depofited by every contributor, over and above the proportional depofit on any such further loan or loans, lefs in the whole than three millions five hundred thousand pounds, fhall be carried to the account of such contributor, and deemed a part of the fecond payment to be made by him towards raifing the loan of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and that if provifion (hall not be made in like manner towards raifing any part of the faid additional fum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, the whole of each additional fum fo depofited as aforefaid by any contributor, fhall be carried to the account of such contributor, and deemed part of the fecond payment to be made by him or her towards raifing the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds.

Exchequer IV. And be it further ena6led, That every contributor who bills_made out (ball be poflefled of any exchequer bill or bills made out by vir-3^Geo^ c 10.tue an P3fied in the prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, dated prior to sin c<ft for raifing the fum of eighteen millions by way of annuities, Jan, 21, 1797, which were dated previous to the twenty-firfi: day of January contadne'°ne ^oufand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or of any such the annexed exchequer bills which are contained in a fchedule hereunto an-fchedule, to nexed, fhall be a: liberty to pay or deliver in the fame for the be received as purchafe of the faid annuities, and such exchequer bill or bills

fhall

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Geosgii III. c. 57.  229

fhall be received as money by the cafhier or cafliiers of the faid governor and company, and placed as such to the credit of the contributor or contributors paying or delivering in the fame.

V.  And be it further enabled. That every contributor who Exchequer

fhall be poffefTed of any exchequer bill or bills made out by virtue f° irnc^

•  •  ^  ^  •  out benrin^

of the faid lad mentioned aft, which mall bear date at any time dat^ a^rr 0

after the fir ft day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety- May 1, 1797,

feven, and which fhall become payable on the twenty-fifth day and becoming

of Auguji one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be  °n

at liberty to pay or deliver in the fame on account of the inftall- to be receded

ment which fhall become due by virtue of this aft on the twenty- as caih in the

fixth day of May one thousand fnven hundred and ninety feven, initallment on

and such exchequer bill or bills fhall be received as money by the 26, J 797>

cathier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company, and placed

as such to the credit of the contributor or contributors paying or

delivering in the fame: provided always, That no such laid-

mentioned exchequer bill or bills fhall be fo received, unlefs the

condition before-mentioned, and the purpose for which the fame

fhall be ifTtied, fhall be inferred therein, and the amount and

number of such bills fo ifFued fhall be contained in a lift to be

made out. by the direction of the lords commiilioners of his Ma-

jefty’s treafury, and certified to the governor and company of the

bank of England, or their calhier or cafhiers 5 and the faid lords

commiflioners are hereby authorifed to caufe any exchequer bills

to be ifTued under the authority of the faid laft mentioned aft to

be fo made out and certified as aforefaid. .

VI.  And be it further enafted, That it fhall and maybe law- Guardians fulfor any guardian or truftee, having the difpofition of the money maY fubferibe or effefts of any infant, to contribute and pay any money, or ^or *nt:ants# deliver in any exchequer bill or bills before-mentioned, for or

towards advancing the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such.fum or fumsof money, or delivery of such bill or bills by such guardian or truftee, fhall become a contributor within the meaning of this aft, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpeft thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or Turns fo advanced, or exchequer bill or bills delivered in, is hereby difeharged, fo as the name of such infant be ex-preffed in the receipt or receipts for such money or exchequer bill or bills.

VII.  And be it further enafted, That every contributor paying Difcounttobe in the whole of the fums by them refpeftively fubferibed in refpeft allowed on

of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, thJwhole°of to be contributed as aforefaid either in money or in exchequer bills, the fubferip-at any time on or before the leventeenth day of November one tions in ad-thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be entitled to anvance> allowance of fo much money as the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpec^ tively (hall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds per centum

<U  Per

and on fub-fcnptions advanced in part.

Contributors entitled to certain annuities.

per annum from the day of completing; the fame to the twenty-ninth day ol December out thousand (even hundred and ninety-feven* which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafhier or cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this a&, as foon as such refpedUve contributors, their executors, ad-miniftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, {hall have completed such payments.

ViII. And be it further ena&ed, That every such contributor who (hall advance and pay unto the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, any such proportional part or parts of the fums by him or her contributed, which by this aft are limited to be paid by inftallment, before the day on which such inftallment (hall be made payable (fuch proportional part or parts not amounting to the whole of his or her contribution,) fhall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the interelt of each fum fo paid in advance for completing any such inftallment (hall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame to the day on which the fame fhall become payable bv virtue of thjs a£t, which laft-mentioned allowance fhall be paid by the faid cafhier or cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this aft as foon as such refpeftive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afiigns, (hall have completed such payments.

IX. And be it further enafted, That the feveral fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afiigns, in refpect of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, fhall for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them refpeftively advanced and paid, be entitled to annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum in relpeff of the faid principal fums of one hundred pounds and twenty-five pounds, to commence from the fifth day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and (hall alfo be entitled in refpeft of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in refpe£t of the additional principal fum of fifty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, unti} redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned ; and fhall alfo be entitled in refpect of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a further annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum in refpedt of the additional principal fum of twenty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned ; and {half alfo be entitled in refped of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a further annuity of fix fhfilings and fixpence (fubjedl to a deduction as herein-before mentioned) to continue for the term of fixty-two years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and

then to ceafe 5 which faid refpsdtive annuities, after the

rate

of



1796.] Anno iegni tricefimo feptirno Georgii III. c. 57.  231

of three pounds per centum ^ and of three pounds per centum^ and of four pounds per centum refpelively, and of fix {hillings and lixpence, (fubject to such dedu&ion as herein-before is mentioned), fhall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions, (that is to fay),The faid firft-mentioned feveral annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the faid annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum^ on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year ; and the faid annuity of fix (hillings and lixpence (fubjedf to such deduction as aforefaid) on the faid tenth day of October and the faid fifth day of April in every year ; the firft payment upon the faid firft-mentioned feveral annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and on the laid reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum> and on the faid annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and niiiety-seven ; and on the faid annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence (fubjecft to such deduction as aforefaid) on the faid tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; but (hall not be payable until the refpecftive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, or afiigns,

(hall have completed the whole of the fums by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacfted, That all and Contributors every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their execu-tors, adminiftrators, and affigns, who {hall have paid or delivered their fubfcrip-into the hands of the faid cafhier or cafhiers the whole of his, tions as herein her, or their contribution in refpecft to the faid feveral confolidated fpecified,to be annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on entitled to an-or before the fecond day of July one thousand {even hundred and ^-tain pe^ ninety-seven, fhall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth riods. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, at the bank of England, the half-year’s annuities after the rate of three pounds  centum,  that fhall become due on the faid fifth day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and that all and every perfon or perfons who fhall have completed the whole of his, her, or their faid payment or payments in refpe<5t to the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or in refpetft to the faid annuity of four pounds per centum, or in refpe£l to the annuities of fix (hillings and fixpence (fubje<ft to such deduction as aforefaid), on or before the feventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be entitled to have and receive, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the half-year’s annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or four pounds per centum, or fix (hillings and lixpence (fubjedt to such deduction as aforefaid), or either of them refpeclively, whereupon such payments fhall have been completed and (hall become due, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

<^4  XI.  And

The bank to appoint a cailiicr and accountant general, and the treafury to order money to be iliued to the cafhier.

232 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1796.

Annuities  XI. And be it further enabled, That all the annuities aforefaid

bank^ ** ^ ke Paya^^e an^ paid, and be transferable at the bank of England, and as to the laid fevera] annunities of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per, centum, and of four pounds per centum refpeblively, (hall be fubjecl to such redemption as is herein-after mentioned.

XII.  dad, for the more eofy and fure payment of all the feveral annuities efiablifned by this aft, be it further enacted. That the faid governor and company of the bank of Englandand their fucceflors, dial] from time to time, until all the faid annuities fhall be redeemed or determined, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firfl: cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their accountant general ; and that fo much of the monies by this a£t appropriated for the purpose, as fhall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities, and other payments, herein directed to be made out of the faid monies, fhall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafuier for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpebtive days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be iffiued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid firfl: or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccefiors, for the time being, byway of impreft and upon

Cafhier to pay account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpediive an-annuities  nuities payable by virtue of this abl ; and that such cafhier or

^d^the"acca^'ers> t0 whom the faid money fhall from time to time be countanfge- ^ue^5 fhall fiom time to time, without delay, pay the fame ac-neral toinlpedt cordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to his accounts, the due courfe of the exchequer; and that the faid accountant general for the time being fhall, from time to time, infpedf and examine all receipts and payments of the fa d cafhier or cafhiers, and the voucbeis relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England,, who fhall have received, or fhall receive, any part of the faid contributions

Cafhier to give receipts for fubferip-tiens, which

SfnrfNinu" towards the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand

ed before Nov. 16, 1797.

C .fhier to give fecurity.

pound?, fhall give receipts, in writing, to every such contributor^ for all such films and exchequer bills ; and that the receipts to be given fhall be made out feparate in refpebl of the firft mentioned feveral annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, the lalt mentioned annuities after the like rate, the annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, and the annuities to continue for iixty-two years and nine months, as aforesaid, diftinguifhrng each frock; and such receipts fhall be affignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at anytime before the iixteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer: provided always, That such cafhier or cafhiers fhall give fecurity to

the



1796.3 Anno regnl tricefimo feptimo Georgii IH. c. 57.  233

the good liking of any three or more of the commiiTioners of

the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, for duly

anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer,

for the publick ufe, all the monies and exchequer bills which they

have already received, and not already paid in, and which they

fhali hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum

of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and for

accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the trull

hereby in them repofed ; and fhali from time to time pay and

deliver all such monies, an d exchequer bills as foon as he or they  bilh£~

fhali receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days within live

afterwards at the fartheft, into and (hall account for the fame in days after re-

the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, deduiling

thereout such fums as fhali have been paid by him or them in en ^

purfuance of this aft, for which fums fo paid allowance fhali be

made in his or their accounts.

XIV.  And be it further enafted. That In the office of the A hook to be

accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of iccPt m **ie o  o  1  -  j  "  accounr^rir

England for the time being, a book or books fhali be provided general's office

and kept, in which the names of the contributors lhall be fairly for entering

entered ; which book or books the faid refpeftive contributors, contributors’

their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fuccelTors, and aliigns,

fhali and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort which to be

to and infpeft without any fee or charge 5 and that the faid tranfmitted to

accountant general fhali, on or before the fifth day of July one the auditor of

thousand leven hundred and ninety-eight, ■ tranfmit an attefted the exchequer*

duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the laid book or books into

the eftice of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer,

there to remain for ever.

XV.  And be it further enafted, That such contributors, duly Contributors paying the whole fum fo fubferibed, either in money or exchequer fubfeno-bi 1 Is, at or before the refpeftive times in this aft limited in that tions, entitled behalf, and their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fuccelTors, to their annui-and aliigns,Thall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by ftes tax-free, virtue of this aft to have, receive, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities, by this aft granted in refpeftof the fum fo fubferibed, out

of the monies granted and appropriated in this feftion of parliament for payment thereof, and fhali have good and fure interefts and eftates therein, according to the feveral provilions in this aft: contained, as well in refpeft of the faid transferable annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds/>£r centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum refpeft ively, as of fix (hillings and fixpenceper annum (fubjeft to such deduftion as aforefaid), payable and transferable at the bank of England; and that the laid feveral annuities thall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofttions whatfoever : provided always, That in Subfcriptions " in cafe any such contributors who have already depofited with, or Paici in PHrt> fhali hereafter pay to, the faid cafhier or calhiers any fum or fums p^ecTVor-111* of money, or deliver any exchequer bill or bills at the time, and teited.> in the manner herein before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums fo by them refpeftiyely fubferibed towards raifing the fum

of

234 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1796.

of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and their refpediive executors, adminiftrators, (ucceflbrs, or aftigns, (hall not advance in money or exchequer bills to the faid cafhier or caihiers the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubfcribed at the times, and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such cafe, fo much of the refpediive fum or fums fo fubfcribed as fhall have been adiually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, in refpedi of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; and all right and title to the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum refpedti vely, and of fix (hillings and fixpence per annum (fubjeci to such dedudiion as aforefaid) in refpedi thereof, (hall be extinguifhed ; any thing in this adi contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XVI.  And be it further enabled, That as foon as any contri-are completed hutors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or aftigns, they may be (hall have completed their payments of such part of the whole transferred. fum payable by them refpediively towards the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, as fhall be payable in refpedi of the feveral consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, to which they refpediively fhall become entitled in refpedi of such fubfcriptions, the principal fum or fums in the faid confolidated annuities fhall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such refpediive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and aftigns, completing such payments refpediively; and as foon as such contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceifors, or alfigns, fhall have completed the payments of such part ot the whole fum payable by them refpediively towards the (aid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, as (hall be payable in refpedi of the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or in refpedi of the annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of the annuities of fix {hillings and fixpence (lubjedi to such deduction as aforefaid), or of any or either of them, the refpediive principal fums or annuities fhall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such refpediive contributors, their refpediive fucceffors, executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, completing such refpediive payments ; and the perfons to whose credit such principal fums (hall be fo placed, their refpediive executors, adminiftrators, fucceftbrs, and aftigns, fhall and may have power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfomor perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England\ and such fums (hall carry the feveral firft-mentioned annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of four potinds per centum per annum, refpectively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence per annum (fubjedi

to.

1796.] Ailno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 57.  235

to such dedudion as aforefaid) for fixty-tvvo years and nine months, and then to ceafe; and fhall refpedively be taken and deemed to be dock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, until redemption of all the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centu?n per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is herein-after mentioned, and until the determination of the faid annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence per annum (fubjed to such dedudion as aforefaid), at the expiration of the faid period of fixty-two years and nine months.

XVII.  And be it further enaded. That all perfons who (hall Annuities to be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refped of be deemed the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds,

and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which fhall not be defcendible ro heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife ; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding,

XVIII.  And be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be Treafury may lawful for three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or

the high treafurer for the time being, to iftue and apply from [h*e exche^ ° time to time all such fums of moneyas already have been or fhall quer. be fo paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the faid cafhier or gaflfters, to such fervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prelent feffion of parliament.

XIX.  And be it further enadled, That books fhall be con- Accountant ftantly kept by the faid accountant general for the time being, general to wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums advanced or con- keeP,1hooks for tributed towards the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred transfers; thousand pounds, fhall be entered and regiftered ; which entry

fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and fhall be figned by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their refpedive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authoriled, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneftes; and that the feveral perfons to whom such transfers fhall be made, fhall refpectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good or available in law: provided always,That in whose of-all perfons poftelled of any (hare or intereft in either of the faid flocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible tered. witneftes; but that no payment fhall be made upon any such devife, until fo much of the faid will as relates to such (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid flocks of annuities be entered in the faid office; and that in default of such transfer or devife, such (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid flocks of annuities, fhall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and affigns; and that

not

 Dogle

Treafury to pay incidental expences out of contributions, and to allow falaries to the cafliier and accountant general.

236 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1796.

Transfers not no ft amp duties whatfoever (hall be charged on any of the faid liable to ftamp transfers ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

U  XX, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out

of the monies arifmg from the contributions towards raifing the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by annuities, any three or more of the commifiioners of the treafury, or the high treafurcr for the time being, (hall have power to difeharge all such incident charges as (hall neceflarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them Avail feem juft; and reasonable; and alfo to fettle and appoint such allowances as ftiall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid cafliier or cafhiers, tor receiving, paying, and accounting for the. faid contributions; and ftiall have power to make, out of the confulidated fund, such further allowances as ftiall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid cafliier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this act ; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant genera], for performing the truft repofed in him by this act ; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in refpeef of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the fad governor and company, ftiall be for the ule and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XXL And be it further enaded, That all the monies to which any perfon or perfons ftiall become entitled by virtue of this a£f, to be added to refpe& of any fum advanced or contributed towards the faid the joint fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which flock of 3I. per the faid refpeclive. annuities firft mentioned, after the rate of

The 3I. per cents, confols' under this a£l

cent.con ols; t]iree pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending, ftiall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum were, by feveral a<5t$ made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent a6ts, conlolidated, and (hall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjedf neverthelels to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the faid a£t, made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majesty’s reign, is directed, in refpedf of the feveral and refpedfive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid act; and that all and every perfon' and perfons, f and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, file, or they, fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this a£t, tliall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities, at the rates aforefaid.

XXII. And be it further enaefted, That all the monies to which any perfon or perfons ftiall become entitled by virtue of this act, in refpedt of any fum advanced or contributed towards percents, re- the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, duced;  on

and the 3I. per cent, reduced, to the joint flock of 3I.



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo.feptimo Georgti III. c. 57.  237

on which the faid annuity lad mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending, fhall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England) which, by an adl made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint dock of annuities, fubjedl never-thelefs to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in thefeveral adls by which the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were refpedlively granted, are direcled in refpcct of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they, (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this adl, fhall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

XXIII.  And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid.

That all the monies to which any perfon or perfons fhall become andthe4I. per entitled by virtue of this act in refpedt of any fum advanced or j^^ftockof contributed towards the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred Jthe 4l. per thousand pounds, on which the faid annuity after the rate of four cents, pounds per centum per annum fhall beattending, fhall be added to the joint frock cf annuities transferrable at the bank of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were, by two adls made in the twentieth and twemy-firft years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and by feveral fubfequent adls, converted, and fhall be deemed part of the laid joint flock of annuities, fubjedl neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in such manner and ,upon such notice as in the faid adls are directed in refpedl of the annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid adls ; and that all and every perfon or perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they, fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this adl, fhall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities, at the rate aforefaid.

XXIV.  And be it further enabled. That all the faid annuities Annuittesof after the rate of fix {hillings and fixpence per annum, (fubjedl t0 added *t eft he such dedudlion as aforefaid), to continue for a certain term of annuities for fixty-two years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one 99 and 98 thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to ceafe, to years* which any perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, fhall

be entitled by virtue of this adl, in refpedl of any*fum or fums of money advanced or contributed towards raiding the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand poundsas aforesaid, fhall be .added to and made one joint flock with certain annuities which, by two adts made in the firft and fecond years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, were granted and made payable at the banko{England for the re fpedltve terms of ninety-nine yearsand ninety-eight years from the fifth days of 'January one thousand seven hundred and

Annuities granted by this a&? to

Perfons counterfeiting receipts for contributions, See. to fuffer death.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii HI. c. 57. [1796.

fixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and fixty-two, re-fpedivelv, and then to ceafe; and which faid refpedive annuities were confolidated and made one joint flock of annuities by divers ads made in the reign of his prefent Majesty, and fhall be paid, payable, and transferable, at the fame time and times, and in like manner with the faid annuities granted by the faid ads; and fo much money fhall, from time to time, continue to be fet apart be paid out of and ifTued at the receipt of the exchequer, to the faid cafhier or the eonfoli- cafhiers of the bank of England, as fhall be fufficient to fatisfy dated fund. and p3y f0  Gf  faid  annuities, after the refpedive rates

of three pounds per centum per annum, of three pounds per centum per annum, of four pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted, to continue fora certain term of fixty-two years and nine months, from the faid fifth day of rfpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and then to ceafe, together with the charges attending the fame, out of the confolidated fund ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per-fons fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fhall willingly ad or aflifl in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts of, the laid contributions towards the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being in-ferted therein, as a contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or fhall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter orpublifh, as true, any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatsoever, every such perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ading or ailifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifhing as aforesaid, being thereof convided in due form of law, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXVI.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, notwithllanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the adls for eflablifhing the fame, or any of them, fhall continue a corporation for the purposes of this ad, until all the annuities by this ad granted fhall be redeemed by parliament, or fhall ceafe, as aforefaid; and that the faid governor and company of the bank ot England, or any member thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad.

XXVII.  And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward, or gratuity wbatfoever, fhall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefly’s fubjeds, for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerning the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of

them*

The bank to continue a corporation till the annuities here by granted ceafe.

TOb fee to be taken for receiving fub-l'criptions, or paying or transferring

 GoOglC

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 57.  239

them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made annuities, on in purfuance of this acft, upon pain that any officer or perfon ^ 0 offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJlminfter, wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this act, such perfon or perfons fhall

and may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial General iffue.

matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and

if afterwards a verdict fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants,

or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difcontinue his, her, or their

action or profecution, or be noft-fuited, or judgement fhall be

given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife,

then such defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded Treble cofts.

to him, her, or them, againft any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXIX.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, or At may be

any part thereof, may be altered or varied by any act to be palled  tlus

in this feffion of parliament.  e

SCHEDULE to which this act refers*

AN account of certain exchequer bills iffued at par, between the feventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven and the twenty-fixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the publick fervice, under an engagement on the part of the lords commiffioners of his Ma-jefty’s treafury, to propofe to parliament that the faid exchequer bills fhould be received as cafh on the depofit of the new loan then intended to be propofed to parliament.

No.  2,489  to  2>493’  dated 7th April 1797,      £■  100  each  £•  500

3>011  to  3>023>  —  nth  —  500  each  6,500

3>024  to  3»177»  —  12th  —  500  each  77,000

3>«78  to  3>223>  —  12th  —  500  each  23,000

2)201  to  2,250,  —  13th  —  200  each  50,000

2,251  • to  2,291,  —  15th  •—  200  each  8,200

3>3°i  to  3>338,  —  15th  —  500  each  19,000 11,800

2,292  to  2>35°,  —  15th  —  200  each  

3)339  to  3,460,  —  15th  —  500  each  61,000

2>35i  to  2,625,  —  26th  «—  200  each  55,000

3>56i  to  3>78o>    26th  —-  500  each  110,000

£• 4-22,0

CAP.

240 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Geo^gxi III. c. 58, 59. [1 ^96.

CAP. LVIII. •

An aft for repairing or rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, in the town of Bridgnorth, in the county of Salop, and for opening con-vcnient avenues thereto.— [May n, 1797.]

CAP. LIX.

An aft for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany, and the regular redemption of the capital to be created thereby; for enabling the governor and company of the bank of England to retain the fums granted for repaying advances made by them for the publick fervice ; and for repaying to the contributors to the loans offourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, the excefs of their depofits beyond the proportional depofts to the faid loans.—[May

25.1797-']

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. Convention between his Majesty and the emperor of Germany, recited.

Contributors to the loan by virtue of , 37 Gto. 3. c. 57. may fubferibe to a loan to the emperor, and for every 100I. fhall be entitled to a principal in the 3I. per cents.

WrHEREAS by a convention, fgned on the part of your Majesty and the emperor of Germany, bearing date the fix-teenth dfiy of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it zvas agreed,, that your Majesty having advanced the fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds for the fervice of his imperial Majesty, the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds Jhouldbe raifed by loan on account of his imperial Majesty, on the terms and conditions herein-after mentioned; and that your Ma-jefty had engaged to propofe to your parliament to guarantee the regular payment of the half-yearly dividends on the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and alfo to provide for guaranteeing the payment of a fum equal to one pound per centum per annum of the capital to be created by such loan, to be applied to the reduction thereof: and whereas? we, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, have refolvcd that provifion be made for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on such loan, and of the faid fum to be applied to the reduftion of the capital created thereby, conformably to the faid convention: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it ena£fed by the King’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every contributor towards raiding the fum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, raifed by virtue of an a£t of the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing the fum offourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities, fhall, in proportion to every one hundred pounds fo contributed and paid, be entitled to fubferibe a further proportional fum towards the faid loan of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds; and that every such contributor fhall for everyone hundred pounds fo contributed towards the faid fum of one million

fix

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 59*  24r

fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, be entitled to principal fum of two hundred and twenty-fix pounds and ten (hillings in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to commence from the thirty-firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety*feven, and to be added to and made one joint hock with the three pounds per centum annuities, guaranteed by an ad palled in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aftfor guaranteeing the pay-ment cf the dividends on a loan of four millions fix hundred thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany, and (hall be transferable at the bank of England in the fame manner as the faid three pounds per centum annuities are transferable there.

II.  And whereas feveral contributors towards raifing the faid loan of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, raified by virtue of the faid aft of the prefe?it feffion, have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, made depofits of ten pounds per centum on the further fum of three ?nillions five hundred thousand pounds, on the conditions that such part thereof as fhould be raifid by loan by virtue of any aft or afts to be paffied in this fijfion of parliament, fhould be deemed to be a depoft for Juch loan, and the excefs thereoffall be car-ried to the account of juch contributor, and deemed a part cf thefecond payment to be made by him towards the faid loan of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds; be it further enabled, That fo much Depofifs to of the fums depofited by the faid contributors towards the further fum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, as fhall be 3>500j000l. by after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the fum of one million contributors fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, (hall be deemed a to the loan depofit towards the loan to be raifed bv virtue of this ad ; and u°der37 peo°

r  j  m  *  .♦  c  r  7  to

it (hall be lawful to and for such contributors who have made ^ deemed such depofits with the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and depofits company of the bank of England, (which cafhier or cafhiers is towards the and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such con- ^^and tributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf), theVemaizider to advance and pay unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the gover- of fubferip-nor and company of the bank of England, the feveral remainders tions thereto of the fums by them refpedively fubferibed towards the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds as herein- nfe^s>a * after is mentioned, at or before the refpeeftive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay), The further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fixth day of May one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-feven; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-firft day of June then next following ; the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the eighteenth day of July then next following ; the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day of Augufi then next following ; the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day of September then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the feventeenth day of Oftobcr then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before-, the feventeenth day of

Vol. XLI.  R  November

Guardians may fubfcribe for infants*

Di (count to be allowed on •payment of the whole of fubfcriptlons before Nov. I7> I797*

Bifcotmttobe allowed on payment of inftalments in advances

In default' of payment by

Anno regni trieefimo feptimp Georgxi III, c. 59. [1796.

November then next following 5 and the remaining Turn of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty ■- ninth day of. December then next following.

III.  And be it further enadfed, That it fhall and may be lawful for any guardian or truftee having the difpofition of the money or effedls of any infant, to contribute and pay any money for or towards advancing the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thou fan cl pounds, to be railed by annuities in manner aforefaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such fum or jams of money by such guardian or truftee, fliall become a contributor within the meaning of this a6i, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in re-fpe£t thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difeharged, fo as the name of such infant be exprefted in the receipt or receipts for such money; and alfo in the debenture,or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, to be granted on the part of his imperial majefty as herein-after is mentioned.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That every contributor paying in the whole of the fums by them refpedUvely fubfcribed in refpedl of the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand. pounds, to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before the feventeenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the interefi: of each fum fo paid in advance, for completing his, her, of their contribution refpeclively fhall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds^r centumper annum, from the day of completing the fame to the twenty-ninth day of December one thousand • seven hundred and ninety-seven ; which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafliier or cafhiers, out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this a61, as foon as such refpec'tive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefibrs,. or aftigns, fliall have completed such payments.

V.  And be it further ehacled. That every such contributor who iliall advance and pay unto the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, any such proportional part or parts of the fums by him or her contributed, which by this acl are limited to be paid by inftalment before the day on which such inftal-ment fliall be made payable, (fuch proportional part or parts not amounting to the whole of his or her contribution),fliall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the interefi: of each fum fopaid in advance for completing any such inftalment fliall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the fame to the. day on which the fame fliall become payable by virtue of this a<ft, which laft mentioned allowance fliall be paid by the faid cafhier or cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this a6i, as foon as such refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-fors, or aftign.s, fhall have completed such payments,

VL And be it further enadfed, That in default of payment •  .  of

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 59.  243

of the intereft and annuity ftipulated to be paid on the part of the emperor, the emperor, on the firft day of May and tbd firft day of Novem- [o^'lii^at her in every year, agreeably to the dividend certificates to be an- t£e ^ nexed to the debentures and annuity bonds to be granted on the charged upon part cf his faid imperial majefty, the amount of such dividend the confoli-certificates {hall be paid to the refpective holders at the bank 0f dated fundI ; England^ on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January fubfcriptions next after such default, and that the payments fo made at the to both loans bank of England, in confequence of such default on the part of are completed, his imperial majefty, fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and and deben-are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the confoli- ^ccd^for dated fund, and the fame fhall be payable and paid at the bank of annuities on England^ on the days herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, the loan under Such of the faid dividends wherein default fhall be made on the this firft day of May in any year, and fhall remain unfatisfied on the fifth day of July next enfuing, fhall be payable and paid at the bank of England, on the' fifth day of July next enfuing such default ; and such of the faid dividends wherein default fhall be fo made on the firft day of November in any year, and fhall remain un-fatished on the firft day of January next enfuing, fhall be payable and paid at the bank of England., on the firft day of January next enfuing such default: provided always, That no such payment fhall be made until the refpedHve contributors towards both the faid loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, fhall have completed the whole of the refpedhve fums by them fubferibed, for the purchafe of the faid feveral annuities, nor until the perfon or perfons entitled thereunto fhall have depofited, or fhall produce, from time to time, at the bank of England, the debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, for fecuring his, her, or their fhare or intereft in the principal fums or annuities on the faid loan of one million lix hundred and twenty thousand pounds.

VII. And be it further ena£fed, That the feveral contributors, in refpeT of the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty ^rtain ai£ thousand pounds, their refpective executors, adminiftrators, fuc- nuities. ceftors, and afiigns, fhall, for every one hundred pounds, by him, her, or them refpedtively advanced and paid, be entitled to annuities after the rate of three pounds per centimi in refpedt of the faid principal fums of two hundred and twenty-fix pounds and ten (hillings, to commence from the thirty-firft day of January., until redemption, in manner herein mentioned; which faid annuities, in default of payment thereof by his imperial majefty, or his bankers or agents at or during the times herein-before mentioned, fhall be payable and paid halTyearly, by even and equal portions ; (that is to fay), The fifth day of July for the payments becoming due on the firft day of May preceding, and the fifth day of January for the payments becoming due on the firft day of November preceding, provided that the firft payment thereof fhall be made for three quarters of a year from the thirty-firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to the firft day of November next following, but (hall not be

R 2  payable



244 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii lit. c. 59. [1796.

Contributors paying the whole of fubfcriptions by Odt aj, i797* to be entitled to

payable until the refpeffive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and alligns, (hail have completed the whole of the fums by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all and every such contributor or contributors, his her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and alligns, who fhall have paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution, in refpedt of the faid fum of one million fix three quarters hundred and twenty thousand pounds, on or before the twenty-dividends on fifth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, Nov. 1, 1797. (pall be entitled to have and receive, on the firft day of November one thousand leven hundred and ninety-seven at the bank of England, the annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum for three quarters of a year that fhall become due on the faid firft day of November.

IX. And be it further enatfled. That the; cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, who fhall have received, or fhall receive, any part of the faid contributions maybeadign- towards the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty ed before thousand pounds, (hall give receipts in writing, to every such contributor, for all such lums, which receipt, fhall be affignable, by indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the fix-.  teenth  day  of  November, and no longer: provided always, That

and payUrro? such cafhier or cafhiers (hall give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the commiiTioners of the treafury, or the high trealurer for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the pub-lick ufe, all the monies which they have already received and nor already paid in, and which they (hall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of one million fix hundred

Cafhier to give receipts for fubfcriptions, which

Nov. 16,1797.

Cafhier to

pay money within five days after received into the exchequer.

and twenty thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and fhall, from time to time, pay all such monies as foon as he. or they fhall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft, into, and fhall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, de-dueling thereour. such fums as fhall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this a6l, for which fums fo paid allowance fhall be made in his or their accounts.

Contributors, duly paying lubferiptions, entitl'd to

a 11 unities Ux free.

X. Aitd be it further enacted, That such fubferibers duly paying the whole fum fo fubfcribed, at or before the refpedtive times in this a cl limited in that behalf, and their refpedlive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and aftlgns, fhall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this aeft, to have, receive, and enjoy, (he faid feveral annuities, in relpeCl of the fum fo fubfcribed in default of payment of the fame on the part of his imperial inajefty as aforesaid, and (hail have good and furc interefts and effaces therein according to the feveral provifions in this a61 contained, payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and that the faid feveral annuities fhall be free from all taxes, charges,

and

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 59-  244

and impofitions whatfoever : provided always, That in cafe any Sobfcriptions such contributors who have already depofited with, or (hall here- ^ 0^*001-after pay to the faid cafihier or cafhiers, any fum or fums of mo- pieted, for-ney, at the tim£ and in the manner herein-berore mentioned, felted, in part of the fum or fums fo by them refpedtively fubfcribed towards railing the fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, fuccelTors, or alfigns, {hall not advance to the faid cafihier or cafihiers the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubfcribed, at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such cafe fo much of the refpebtive fum or fums fo fubfcribed, as {hall have been a&ually paid in part thereof to the faid  cafhier or

cafihiers in refpect of the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, {hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities in re-fpedf thereof (hall be extinguilhed ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in anvwife notwithftanding.

XI.  And be it further enaded, That in the office  of the ac- A book to be

countant general of the governor and company of  the bank  in ttie

of England for the time being, a book or books final 1 be provided general’s'^ and kept, in which the debentures and annuity bonds to be office fer en-iffued by the bankers or agents for his imperial majefty fhalJ, tering deben-after being counterfigned by or by the authority of the faid ac-

countant general, be fairly entered, fpecifying the number and a^entT^ndV fum of each debenture and annuity bond, and the name or duplicate of names of the perfon or perfons in which the find debentures and it to be tranf-annuity bonds (hall be filled up; and the faid accountant general  to

(hall, on or before the fifth day of "July one thousand seven hun- ex'-lie<luei • dred and ninety-eight, tranfmit an attefied duplicate, fair/y written on paper, of the laid book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain.

XII.  And be it further enabled, That it ffiall and may be Agents of the lawful for the bankers or agents of the emperor, to advance and

pay to the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of bank^hedi-the bank of England, before or on the firft day of May and the vidends. and firft day of November in every year, the dividends to grow due Iball deliver on the whole of the loan of the faid one million fix hundred and ^Turns fro twenty thousand pounds, or such part thereof as {hall not have grow due been redeemed or paid off by the emperor for the purpose of fa- half-yearly, tisfying the dividends to grow due on those davs relpefitively, or See. to advance and pay to the faid cafhier or calhiers, such part of the laid dividends as (hall have been remitted to them, or (hail be in their hands for that purpose, and filial 1 alfo, on each day appointed for payment of such dividends as aforesaid, deliver to such cafhier or cafhiers an account in writing, ligned by them, of the amount of the fums to grow due at the end’of such half-year on such loan, and of the deficiency (if any) in the fums remitted to them, or in their hands, for the purpose aforesaid, together with the amount of the principal fums and interelf thereon, which the emperor may have redeemed or repurchased of rbe

r 3  faid

246

If the whole dividends be not paid to

who Hi all caufe the deficiency to be ififued out of the confoli-dated fund.

Annoregm tricefimo feptimo Georgii IIL c. 59. [1796.

faid loan in purfuance of the provifions contained in the convention before mentioned ; and if the whole of the half-yearly dividends (hall not be paid to the faid cafhier or cafhiers on or the cafhier, he before the day on which the fame (hall be payable to the refpec-is to certify tive contributors, their refpedlive executors, adminiftrators, fuc-d^r^<^rst0 Ce^'°rS’ °r affiSns> according to the ftipulations contained in or which (hall be re^erre^ to by the convention before mentioned, the faid cafhier tranfmitted to or cafhiers (hall, on the day next afterwards, certify the fame to the treafury, the governor and company of the bank of England; which certificate {hall be by them tranfmitted under their feal to the com-mifiioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer, for the time being; and the faid commiftioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, (hall, and they and he are and is hereby empowered in purfuance of such certificate, to caufe to be iflued within the time herein-before limited, to the governor and company of the bank of England, out of the confolidated fund, in cafe the necef-fary provifion (hall not in the mean time be made on the part of his impelial majefty, the amount of the deficiency fo certified, receiving from the laid governor and company the tallies or certificates of the films fo paid on account of such dividends, according to the intent and meaning of the convention on the part of his Majesty and the emperor before mentioned, in order that his JVlajefty may be enabled to recover the fame, with intereft, in the manner therein agreed upon.

XIII.  And be it further enadled, That the commiflioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, (hall caufe to be prepared, and (hall lay before both houfes of parliament, within fourteen days after the commencement of every feflion, an account of the total fums from time to time iflued and

what has been applied by virtue of this a£I, towards paying and fatisfying the repaid by the dividends to grow due on the faid loan of one million fix hundred emperor. ancj twenty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, and a like account of the total fums from time to time ifiued and applied by virtue of this a<ft, towards the redemption of the capital to be created by virtue of this a<ft; and alfo an account of all fums repaid by, or recovered from, or on behalf of the emperor, by reafon of such advances, or either of them, together with the intereft paid or recovered thereon.

XIV.  And whereas, in purfuance of the faid convention certain debentures and annuity bonds are to be ijfued in the name of his imped rial majejly, by his Jaid imperial ?najejlf s bankers or agents refident in this kingdom, for fearing the principal fums, intereft, and annuity on the faid loan; be it further enadfed, That it 111 all and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the faid debentures or annuity bonds, or any part or parcel thereof, being lodged at the bank of England, to authorife and diretft their accountant general for the time being to keep books, wherein the perfons fo depofiting such debentures and annuity bonds, or any of them, {hall be credited for the amount of the intereft according to the principal fums contained in the faid debentures,

Treafury fo lay before parliament an account of the fums if-fued, and of

Debentures ilTued in the name of the emperor, may be entered at the bank, and transferred.



247

1796.] Annoregm tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 49.

bentures, and of the annuities contained in the faid annuity bonds, and wherein all alignments or transfers of the principal fums, intereft, and annuities, of the debentures and annuity bonds refpecftively fo depofited, or of any part or parcel thereof, fhall be entered and regiftered in such manner as the faid governor and company fhall direct; which entries fhalJ be figned by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their refpedtive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed in writing, under his, her, or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by t\vo or more credible witneffes, and that the feveral perfons to whom such transfer (hall be made, fhall refpedfively underwite their acceptance thereof by themfelves, or by thejr refpe&ive attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorifed as aforesaid, and that no other method of afligning and transferring at the bank o$ -England the principal (urns, intereft, and annuities, of the debentures and annuity bonds that (hall be fo depofited at the bank of England, or any part or parcel thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good or available in law for the purpose of claiming or demanding any dividend, intereft, or annuity, for or on account of such debenture or annuity bonds as fhall be depofited at the bank of England as aforefaid.

XV.  And be it further enabled, That in default of payment Jn default of

of a fum equal to one pound per centum per annum of the capital payment by

created by the faid loan of one million fix hundred and twenty the empei-or^

thousand pounds, on the part of his imperial majefty, in any °ei*ann^ofthe

year, which payments have been ftipulated to be made by four capital, a

equal payments in the year9 videlicet. On the firft day of February, futficient fum

the firft day of May, the firft day of Attguft, and the firft day of t0 \T ;  ■  J  ^  J  i  c  \  J  \  quarterly out

November, in every year; the nrft payment thereof to be made 0Ytheconfo-

on the firft day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety- lidated fund (even, a fum not exceeding the fum of nine thouland one hun- to the bank dred and feventy-three pounds and five (hillings, or fo much ‘VKi placed to thereof as fhall be fufficient for that purpose, fliall be fet apart of^^com-quarterly out of the monies compofing the confolidated fund, miffioners for and fhall be ifTued and applied, at the receipt of the exchequer, redu&ion of to the governor and company of the bank of England, on the ^^tnat’ona^ days, and in the manner herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay.

Such of the faid payments wherein default fhall have been (o made on the firft day of February in any year, and fhall remain unfatisfied on the fifth day of April next enfuing, fhall be iffued on the fifth day of April next enfuing ; and such of the faid payments wherein default fhall be fo made on the firft day of May in any year, and fliall remain unfatisfied on the fifth day of July next enfuing, fhall be ifTued on the fifth day of July next enfuing; and such of the (aid payments wherein default fhall be fo made on the firft day of Augujl in 'any year, and (hall remain unfatisfied on the tenth day of October next enfuing, fliall be ifTued on the tenth day of October next enfuing; and such of the faid payments wherein default (hall be fo made on the firft day of November in any year, and fhall remain unfatisfied on the fifth

r 4  clay

Treafurv may apply the money paid into the exchequer.

Treafury to pay incidental expences out of contributions. and allow laUries to the c ifhier and accountant general.

Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796.

day of January next enfuing, (hall be iflued on the fifth day of January next enfuing ; and the faid fums fo to be iflued at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid governor and company {ball be placed to the account of the commiflioners for the redudfion of the national debt, and (hall be by them applied, together with the imereft arifing therefrom, in the redemption of such proportion of the faid confolidated flock of annuities as (hall be added thereto by virtue of this a£u

XVI.  And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to ifl'ue and apply, from time to time, all such (urns of money as already have been or fhall be lo paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the faid ca[flier or cafhiers, to such fervices as fhall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XVII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That out of the monies arifing from the contributions, towards raifing the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds by annuities, any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, fhall have power to di (charge all such incident charges as fhall neceflarily attend the execution of this ain such manner as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and alfo to fettle and appoint such allowance as fhall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions, and fhall have power to make, out of the confolidated fund, such further allowances a3 fhall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this adf, and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this a£t; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid in refpedf of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That all the monies to which, any perfon or perfons (flail become entitled by virtue of

prietors^o be  of  any fum advanced or contributed towards

added to the the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, on which the faid annuities (hall be attending, fhall, with the con lent of the refpedtive proprietors thereof, be added to the flock of annuities with the three pounds per centum annuities, guaranteed by an add palled in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent JVIajefty, before mentioned, and fhall be deemed part of the faid flock of annuities, transferable at the bank of England, fubjedl neverthelefs to redemption, in such manner as in this adt is directed ; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, lhe, or they, fhall become entitled as aforefaid

Annuities, with con fen t of the pro-

3 per cents, guaranteed by Geo. 3 c. 93.

1796 ] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgix III. c. 59.  249

laid by virtue of this aft, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

XIX.  Provided always, and be it further enacfred, That un- Contributors lefs any one or more of the contributors towards raifing the faid to deemed fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, his, ^njefs differit her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, or a/Tigns, be fignified (hall previoufly to the fifteenth day of "June one thousand seven before June hundred and ninety-seven, fignify his, her, or their di/Fent to l5> XW* the governor and company of the bank of England, in writing,

in a book to be kept for that purpose, he, fhe, or they (hall be deemed to have confented, and all the faid monies dial! be added to such flock, according to the directions before mentioned.

XX.  And be it further enacted, That no flamp duties what- No (lamp foever (hall be charged on any of the faid debentures or annuity

bends, nor on any of the alignments or transfers thereof, at the debentures' bank of England, nor on any receipt given for or upon the pay- see. ment of the faid loan, or any part thereof, or of the interefts, annuities, or dividends, to grow due thereon; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or per- Penalty for Tons fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe or procure to be forging de-forged, counterfeited, or altered, any debenture or debentures, bond”" annuity bond or annuity bonds, purporting to entitle any perfon letters of

or perfons, or body politick or corporate, to any principal fum attorney, &c. or intereft thereon, or any annuity or dividend for or on account of the faid loan of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, or by virtue of this add, or (hall wilfully deliver to or depofit with the faid governor and company of the bank of England, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, or fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully acfl or aftift in forging or counterfeiting, any letter of attorney or other authority or inftrumenf, or any indorlement on any such debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, to transfer or affign any such debenture or debentures, or annuity bond or annuity bonds as aforelaid, or any principal fum or fums placed in the name of any perfon or perfons whomfoever in the books of the bank of England, as herein mentioned, or any part of such fum or fums, or to receive any such interefl, annuity, or dividend as aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or fhall caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully ad or afiift in forging or counterfeiting, the name or names of any of the proprietors of any of the faid debentures or annuity bonds, or any of the faid principal fums, intereft, annuity, or dividends, or any part (hereof, or of any of them, in or to any such pretended

letter

Anno regnl tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796.

letter of attorney, indorfement, authority, or inftrument; or fliall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, any such principal fum or fums, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or any such annuities, intereft, or dividends, or any of them, by virtue of any such counterfeited or forged letter of attorney, indorfement, authority, or inftrument, or fhall falfely and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any such debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, or of any of such principal fums as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, or of any such annuities, intereft, or dividends, as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, and thereby aftign or transfer, or endeavour to aftign or transfer, the faicl debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, or any of them, or the faid principal fums, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive or endeavour to receive any of the faid annuities, intereft or dividends, or any part thereof, or of any of them, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons vvhomfoever, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or dividend, herein mentioned, or any indorfement on any warrant for payment of any such annuity, intereft, or dividend, or (hall offer, difpofe of, or put away any such forged, counterfeited, or altered warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or dividend, as aforesaid, or any warrant for such payment, with such forged, counterfeited, or altered indorfement thereon, or demand the money therein contained, or any part thereof, of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any their officers or fervants, knowing such warrant for payment of any such annuity, intereft or dividend as aforesaid, or the indorfement on any such warrant for payment of any such annuity, intereft, or dividend as aforesaid, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to deiraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whomfoever, or fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fliall willingly a<ft or affift in the forging or counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for the whole or any part or parts of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being in-ferted therein as a contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or fhall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publifli as true any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever; every perfon or perfons fo offending, fliall be deemed guilty of felony, and fliall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXII.  Pro-

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 59.  251

XXII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the The bank to faid governor and company of the bank o{England, and their fucceffor's, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their tj]j ^ an_ own funds, in purfuance of the aCts for eftablifliing the fame, or nuities ceafe. any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the purposes of this

a61, until all the annuities by this a61 granted (hall be redeemed as aforefaid; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England,, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this a61.

XXIII.  And be it further erra&ed, That no fee, reward, or No fee to be

gratuity whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken of any of his taken for Majesty7s fubje&s, for receiving or paying, the faid fubfcription  'or

or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of transferring them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made annuities, on in purfuance of this aCt, upon pain that any officer or perfon P^na ^ 0 offending, by taking, or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty

pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cods of fuit, to be recovered by aClioh of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, wherein no elfoin, protection, privilege, or wTager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

XXIV.  And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon (hall be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aCt, such perfon or perfons (hall and may

plead the general iffue, and give this aCt and the fpecial matter General iflue.

in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if

afterwards a verdiCt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants,

or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue his, her,, or their

aCtion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall he

given again ft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife,

then such defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded Treble cofts„.

to him, her, or them, againft any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXV.  And whereas feveral fans, amounting together to the fum of five millions five hundred thousand pounds, have been granted to his Majefly, towards repaying to the governor and company of the bank of England, advances made by them to that amount, for the publick fervice: and whereas the mojl convenient way of effecting the fame, will be to enable the faid governor and company to retain the amount in the proportions, and at the times, and in manner hereinafter mentioned; be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be The bank t<v lawful for the faid cafhier or cafhiers, out of the monies which retain

fliall be paid to him or them on account of the feveral inftal- ow°of°he*% ments hereinafter mentioned, that will become due and payable in(ta!merits on the faid loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand on the two pounds, and one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds, loans, in to retain and pay, to the ufe of the laid governor and company, yan^es^for'the the fum of five hundred thousand pounds, out of the inftaiments publick ler-

which vice.

252 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1796,

P,irt of 3 7 Geo 3. c. 57 recited.

which will become due and payable on the twenty-firft day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven; the further ium of five hundred thousand*pounds out of the inftalments which will become due and payable on the eighteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; the further fum of eight hundred thousand pounds, out of the inftalments which will become due and payable on the fifteenth day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; the further fum of eight hundred thousand pounds, out of the inftalments which will become due and payable on the fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven; the further fum of one million three hundred thousand pounds, out of the inftalments which will become due and payable on the feventeenth day of Oftobcr one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; the further fum of eight hundred thousand pounds, out of the inftalments which will become due and payable on the feventeenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and any fum not exceeding the further fum of eight hundred thousand pounds, which {hall, on the twenty-ninth day of December one.thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, appear, by the certificate of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, which certificate the faid auditor is hereby required to make out, and tranfmit to the lords commiflioners of his Ma-jefty’s treafury, on or before the faid twenty-ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to be due and payable to the faid governor and company, on account of exchequer bills which have been made out in purfuance of an aeft paffed in the laft feflion of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, and of another a<ft palled in the fame feflion, for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, out of the inftalments which will become due and payable on the twenty-ninth day of December one thousand seven hundred and .ninety feven.

XXVI,  And whereas by the faid aft of the prefent fejjion, it is provided, That if provifion Jhall not be made by any aft or afts to be paffed before the twenty-ftxth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety feven, for raifing a further loan or loans to the full additional amount of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, the ex-cefs of each additional fum which has been depofited by every contributor, over and above the proportional depofit on any such further loan or loans lefs in the whole than three millions five hundred thousand pounds, Jhall be carried to the account of such contributor, and deetned a part of the fecond payment to be ??iade by him towards raifing the faid fum offourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds: and whereas it is not intended to raife any such further loan above the faid loan of one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds to be raifed by virtue of this aft, whereby there will remain an excefs of one. hundred and eighty-eight thousand pounds, above the depofit of ten pounds per centum on the faid loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million fix hundred and twenty thousand pounds: and whereas it is expedient that the faid fum of

one



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 60.  253

one hundred and eighty-eight thousand pounds Jhall he repaid to fucb contributors $ be it further enadfed, That it (hall and may be law- As the whole ful for the faid cafhier or cafhiers,' out of the monies that (hall be advanced and paid towards the faid fum of fourteen millions excefs of con-five hundred thousand pounds, and one million fix hundred and tributions to twenty thousand pounds, on or before the twenty-fixth day of be paid out of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on account inftalments of the inftalments to become due on that day, to repay to the ^  ^  ay  2^

feveral contributors the faid excefs of one hundred and eighty- I797* eight thousand pounds, in the like proportions as the fame fhall have been advanced and paid by the faid contributors refpec-tively; which payments (hall be allowed in the accounts of the faid calhier or cafhiers.

CAP. LX.

An a51 to amend an aSi, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An a£f for granting to his Ma-jefty certain {lamp duties on indentures of clerkfhips to foli-citors and attornies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.—[May 25, 1797*]

WHEREAS, by an aSl of parliament, paffed in the thirty- Preamble.

fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An 34 Geo. 3. c. adf for granting to his Majesty certain flamp duties on inden- recited, tures of clerkfhips to folicitors and attornies in any of the courts rn England therein mentioned ; it is enabled. That, within the bills of mortality, from and after the fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and in every other part of England and Wales, from and after the tenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there Jhall be ra fed, levied, colleSted, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Adajejly, his heirs and fucceffors, for and in refpeSt of every contract in writing made after the faid fifth and tenth days 0/February one thousand seven hundred and ninety four reJ'peSlively, whereby any perfon fail become bound to ferve as a clerk, in order to his admijfion as a jolkiior or attorney in any of the courts of law or equity in the faid act mentioned, in pur-fuance of the laivs then in force for the better regulation of folicitors and attornies, divers rates and duties in the faid act mentioned, and the indentures or other writings containing Juch contra51, duly fiamped according to the dircSlions of the faid a5l, are required to be enrolled or regijlered zvith the proter officer to be appointed for that purpose by the court wherein such perfon Jhall propofe to be afterwards admitted a folicitor or attorney by virtue of the fervice under such contrast, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of juch contrast by such clerk ; and in cafe such indenture or other writing fall net be Jo enrolled or regifered within fix months next after ih: execution thereof, together zvith Juch affidavit of the time of execution of such contrast, then, and in such cafe, the j'ervice of Juch clerk under such indenture or writing, fall be deemed to commence from the time of such enrolment or regifry only, and not from the execution of juch indenture or writing; and whereas. the faid act did not receive the royal affent

'until

254 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 60. [1796.

until the twenty-eighth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and fevcral perfons ivere bound by indentures and writings made after the faid fifth and tenth days of February r efpeftively^ and before the faid twenty-eighth day of March, and which indentures and writings are charged with and liable to the faid duties im-pofed by the faid at7, and no provfion is therein made for the payment of the fame, or for the enrolment or regifiry of such indentures and ■ writings reffectively: and whereas it is reafonable that fome provfion Jhould be made for that purpose; therefore be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con°-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this Indentures prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, jmcfioth^cb*  any an^ eve,7 such indenture and writing, made after the

1794, and be- fo'd fifth and tenth days o{ February one thousand seven hundred tore March 28, and ninety-four refpedively, and before the faid twenty-eighth 1794, whereon day of March in the fame year, whereon any such duty is by the any duty^be fajd ad: required to be paid, (hall and may, on payment of the pauTby^the re. duty thereby required, on or before the fir ft day of Auguft one cited ad, thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be damped with the may, on pay- proper (lamp in that behalf; and the commiffioners for the time betnS appointed to manage the duties on damped parchment, Jy 1797, be * PaPelb a°h vellum, are hereby authorifed and required to caufe ltampt.  the fame to be damped accordingly.

Indentures fo II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That ftampt, may every such indenture and writing (hall and may, at any time within two calendar months next after the fame (hall be fo damped by virtue of this act, be enrolled and regiftered by the proper officer of the court for that purpose, together with an affidavit of the time of the clue execution of such contrad, in manner di-reded by the faid act; and such officer of the faid courts is hereby required and authorifed to enroll and regifter the fame accordingly ; and the fervice of every such clerk (hall be deemed and taken to commence according to the clue execution of such indenture and writing; the faid ad or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwitbftanding.

III.  And whereas feveral perfons who were bound as clerks to at-tornies by such indentures and writings as aforefaid made after the faid fifth and tenth days of February refpeftively, and before the faid twenty-eighth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, have fince procured the faid articles to be ftamped vuith the jiamp required by the faicl aft to denote the payment of the faid duties, and other such perfons have been again bound hy indentures and writings duly ftamped according to the faid aft ; and it is reafonable that form relief Jhould be given to Juch clerks in refpeft to the time when their fervice Jhall be deemed to commence, therefore, be it enaded by of  t^ie authority ^hrefaid. That in every such cafe where the faid

be deemed To duty fias> fince palling of the faid ad, been already duly paid, have com- and such indenture or writing has been already duly ftamped, or menced. where such clerk has been again bound by any indenture or writing duly ftamped according to the laid act, that then and in every such cafe the fervice of such clerk (hall hp deemed and taken to

have

D“ enrolled within two months.

255

1796.] Annoregni trlcefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 61-

have commenced at the time of the execution of such firft indenture or writing, and agreeable to the terms thereof, provided the fame has been already, or (ball be in the time and in manner herein-before mentioned, enrolled and regiftered, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution thereof; any thing in the laid recited adl to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXI.

An aft to revive, amend., and continue, for a limited time, an aft pajfed in the prefent fejfton of parliament, intituled, An adl to fufpend, for a limited time, the operation of two adfs of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, for retraining the negociation of promiflory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.— [May 25, 1797*]

7 HERE AS an aft was pajfed in the prefent fejfion of parlia- Preamble.

V V merit, intituled, An adl to fufpend, for a limited time, the 37 Geo. 3* c* operation of two adls of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of 3Z> recited, the reign of his prefent Majesty, for reftraining the negociation of promiffory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it teas by the faid at7, amongjl other things, enafted, That if any perfon, liable to the payment of any of such notes, draughts, or undertakings,  writings as may be ijjued in purfuance of the

faid aft, Jhould negleft or fail to make full payment, in money,

or yh//75 for which such notes, draughts, or undertakings,

/Vz writing, Jhould be refpeftively given or ijjued, 0r much thereof as Jhould be or remain due thereon refpeftively,  the fpace of three

days after demand thereof ?nade by the holder or holders of such notes, draughts,  undertakings,  writing; #;z^ z/z cafe the

amount of the money due,  Jhould be levied on the goods and

chattels of the perfon liable to pay the fame, in manner by the faid aft preferibed: and tvhereas it is expedient that the faid aft Jbould be revived, altered,  continued,  tf/zzf that the faid term of three

days, therein mentioned., Jhould be extended to J'cven days', be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited adl (hall be, and the fame is Recited adt hereby revived.  .  revived.

II.  And it is further enadfed, That the find a61 (hall be in Term allowed force from the firft day of this inftant May ; and that the term f°.r payment allowed for payment of any note, draught, or undertaking, to beVven? writing, therein mentioned, (ball be seven days; till the expira-days.

tion of which time no warrant of diftrefs {hall be iflued under the authority of the faid adt, fo revived and amended as aforefaid.

III.  And be it further enadled, That the laid aft fo amended Continuance (hall have continuance until the eighth day of July one thousand of

feven hundred and ninety-seven,

• IV. And

256

Aft may be altered or repealed this iefiion.

Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii lll.-c. 62. [1796.

IV.  And be it further enafted, That this aft may be altered> varied, or repealed by any a61 or afts to be palled in this prefent feffion of parliament.

CAP. LXII.

An aft to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an at7, pajfed in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iiTue notes for fums under a certain amount, for a limited time ; and for indemnifying all perfons who have iffued notes for fmall fums of money in that part of the united kingdom.—[May 25, 1797.]

Preamble.  TT THEREAS, by an aft pajfed in the prefent feffion of parlia-

3? Geo. 3.  V y merit, intituled., An aft to allow the banks, and certain

c. 40, recited, banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iffue notes for fums under a certain amount, for a limited time ; and for indemnifying all perfons who have iffued notes for final] fums of money in that part of the united kingdom; it was enafted, T'hat, from and after the pa fling of the fame, it jhould be lawful to and for the bank of Scotland, the royal bank ^Scotland, the Britifh linen company, and all other banks or banking companies in Scotland, who, on or before the firjl day of January one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-seven, had exercifecl the bufinefs of banking, or keeping any bank for receipt of money, and had iffued notes under the firm of such bank in the nature of bank notes, (but to and for no other perfon or perfons, company or companies whatfoever), to iffue notes, bills, or tickets in the nature of bank notes, payable to the. bearer on demand, for any [urn whatever underjhe fern of twenty /loillings Jlerling, in the fame zuay that the faid banks and banking companies have heretofore been ufed to ijfue notes for twenty Jhillings and upwards jince the firjt day of June one thousand seven hundred and fixty-five ; and it was further enafted. That the jaid aft Jhould continue in force until the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient to revive and continue the faid aft for a further time, and to amend the fame ; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, Recited aft and by the authority of the fame. That the faid herein-before re-revived, cited a61, paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament, fhall be, and the fame is hereby revived, and continued II. And it is hereby further enafted. That the faid aft fo till Aug. j5, revived fhall continue and be in force from and after the time 1797*  thereby limited, until the fifteenth day of Augujl one thousand

feven hundred and ninety*feven, and no longer.

The Carron III. And be it further enafted,That, from and after the pafling company may Qf this aft, it fhall and may be lawful for the Carron company to i true notes,  not€S  biUs, or tickets in the nature of banknotes, payable

navahle  7  1

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 63^  257

to the bearer on demand, for any fum whatever under twenty bearer on de-(hillings fterling, in the fame manner 2s the banks and banking raand® under companies mentioned in the faid recited acft are authorifed to ° *

Blue any notes, bills, or tickets.

IV.  And be it further ena£led,That this ad may be enlarged, Adi may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any .a <51 or ads to be made in this altc,rcd °r re” prefent feffion of parliament.  SI

C A P. LXIII.

An a Cl for granting to foreign flips put under his Majestys protections the privileges of prize flips, under certain regulations and re-frictions ; and for allozving aliens in foreign colonies fur rendered to his Majefly, to exercife the occupations of merchants or factors.— [May 25, 1797.]

WHEREAS, in confcquence of articles of capitulation, whereby Preamble.

certain foreign colonies or fettlement s, or parts thereof have been or may hereafter be furrendered to his Mojefy during the prefent zuar, certain foreign flips and vejfels may have been put or may be put under his Majef ys protection : and whereas the faid flips and vejfels, not being taken and condemned as lawful prizes in any court of admiralty, cannot by the laws now in force be regifered as prize Jhips, and be entitled to the privileges and advantages of such flips : and whereas it is juft and expedient that flips or vejfels which fhall have been or may be fo put under his Majefly s protection, Jhould be admitted in like manner as prize j.hips to the privileges and advan-tages of Britifh flips or vejfels, under certain regulations and rejlric-times ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent ma-jedv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled,

.and by the authority of the fame, That all foreign (hips and vef- Foreign flups fels which, in confequence of any such capitulation, fhall have  ^

been or maybe fo put under his Majesty’s protection, at the time te<Aion to be of or in confequence of the furrender of any foreign colony or regiftered as fettlement, or part of any foreign colony or fettlement, to his prize (hips; Majefly, fhall and may be regiftered in like manner as fhips taken ^ riv£ $nd condemned as lawful prizes may, by the laws now in force, ieo-es of Britifh be regiftered, and fhall by virtue thereof become entitled to the vellels, under privileges and advantages of Britifh (hips or veflels, under the certain regu-regulations and reftridtions herein-after mentioned: provided *atl0ns* always, That no such fhip or veil'd fhall be fo regiftered but upon producing a certificate under the hand and feal of the perfon who commanded in chief by fea or by land at the time when such foreign colony or fettlement, or part of foreign colony or fettlement, was furrendered to his Majesty ; or in cafe of the death or departure of any such officer before such certificate fhall have been fo given, then, upon a like certificate under the hand and feal of the perfon who fhall command in chief by fea or by land at such colony or fettlement, or pprt of such colony or fettlement, teftifying that such fhip or veffel was put under the protection of his Majesty at the time of or in confequen.ce of such furrender,

Vol. XLL  S  and

2.5S Anno regni tricelimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 63. [1796.

and upon oath being made and fubfcribed before the perfon or perfons authorifed to make such regiftry, and grant such certificate of regiftry refpectively (which they are hereby refpectively empowered to adminifter), by the owner of such (hip or veflel, if such (hip or veflel is owned by or belongs to one perfon only, or in cafe there (hall be two joint owners, then by both of such joint owners, if both (hall be refident within twenty miles of the port or place where such regifter is required ; or by one of such owners, if one or both of them (hall be refident at a greater dif-tance from such port or place; or if the number of such owners or proprietors (hall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of such owners or proprietors, if the greater number of * them (hall be refident within twenty miles of such pore or place as aforesaid, not in any cafe exceeding three of such owners or proprietors, or by one of such owners, if all (hall be refident at a greater diftance, declaring in the form and manner herein-after directed, that such (hip or veflel is wholly owned by natural-born Britijb fubjects, or by aliens that have been naturalized or made denizens, or by perfons who have become Britifb fubjects by virtue of fome capitulation or conqueft, as aforesaid, and have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty, in confe-quence of such capitulation or conqueft, or by any or either of the before-mentioned deferiptions of perfons, and none other: Whereregiftry provided alfo,That such regiftry (hall not be made, nor certificate offuch veifels 0f such regiftry be granted, for any fhip or veflel that has been aS 0 e ma e* or may be fo put under his Majesty’s protection at the Cape of Good Hope, or places adjoining thereto, but at the port of the Cape Tozun; nor for any (hip or veflel that has been or may be fo '  put  under  his  Majesty’s  protection  in  any  part  of the ifland of

Ceylon, or of the parts to the eaftward of the ifland of Ceylon, but in the port of Columbo in the ifland of Ceylon; nor for any (hip or veflel that has been or may be fo put under his Majesty’s protection in any part of the coaft of Malabar, but in the port of Cochin ; nor for any (hip or veflel that has been or may be fo put under his Majesty’s protection in the ifland of Trinidad in the Weft Indies, but in the port of Scarborough in the ifland of Tobago ; nor for any (hip or veflel that has been or may be fo put under his Majesty’s protection in the fettlement of Demerary on the continent of South America, but in the port of Scarboroughin the ifland of Tobago; and that the faid ports of Cape Town, Columbo, and Cochin, and the faid port of Scarborough, (hall refpectively, for the purpose'of such regiftry, be deemed and taken to be the ports to which such (hip or veflel belongs, takenthe H* Ami be it further enacted, That the oath before directed to following be taken (hall be in the form and manner following:

form.  cc  T  A.  B. of [place of refiderice and occupation] do make oath,

** That the (hip or veflel [name] of [port, or place] whereof [maflers name] is at prefent mafter, being [kind of built, burtheny &c. as deferibed in the certificate of the furveying officer] was [when and where builty or if prizey capture, and condemnation, or if

put

1796.] Annoregni tficefimo feptimo Georgii III. C. 630  2

put under his Majesty s protections when and where] ; and that I the faid A. B, [and the other owners’ names and occupations (if any), and where they reffectively rejide, videlicet, Town, place, or parijh, county, <?r if member of and refident in any factory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in any houfe of trade, <?r copartnerfhipy actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name offuch factory, foreign towny or city ; and the names of such houfe or copartnerjhip] am [or are] foie owner [^owners] of the faid veil el ; and that no other perfon or perfons whatever have or hath any right, title, intereft, /Bare, or property therein, or thereto; and that I the faid A. B. [and the faid other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a fubject [tfrfubjedls] of Great Britain; and that I the faid A. B. have not [nor have any of the other owners, to the be ft of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign ftate whatever,

[except under the terms of forne capitulations defcribing the particulars thereof] or that fince my taking [or his, or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign fates refpeClively to which he or any of the faid owners jhall have taken the fame]y and prior to the palling of an a£f in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An aCt for the further encreafe and encouragement of flipping and navigation, I have [or he or they hath or have] become a fubjedf [or fubjedts] of Great Britainy [either by his Majesty’s letters patent, as a denizen (or denizens) or naturalized by aCt of parliaments as the cafe may be, naming the dates of the letters of denizationy or the aCt or alts of parliament for naturalization re-fpeCtively] ; or [as the cafe may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen [or denizens, or naturalized fubjedf or fubjedfs, as the cafe may be] of Great Britain, by his Majesty’s letters patent, or by an a<£l of parliament, parted fince the firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-fix, [naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted refpeCfivelyy or the year or years in which such aCl or qCIs of naturalization have pajfed rc-fpeCtively], or that 1 A. B. and the other owners, if any, having become Britifb fubjedl or fubjedls by virtue of a capitulation or conqueft [defcribing the particulars thereof as to places fate, and partiesf] have [or he or they hath or have] taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his majelly the King of Great Britainy [defcribing the times vjheny the place zvherCy and before whom taken]y in confe-quence of such capitulation ; and that no foreigner, diredfly or indiredlly, hath any (hare, or part, or intereft, in the faid fhip pr veflel.5>  *  .  ,  «

III.  And be it further cnadled, That it (hall be lawful for any Such verts Is such fhip or veflel, being regiflered, and having a certificate regiftry as aforesaid, and being navigated as Britijh fhips are now, prize or may hereafter be required by law to be navigated, to import and expprt to and frqin an^ place or places whatfoever, such goods and merchandizes' refpedlively, and none other, as may be imported and exported by any fhip or velfel taken and condemned as lawful prizes; such importations and exportations to be made in like manner, and under and fubjedl to the like duties, condi-

s 2  tions,

tain.

i2 Car. 2 c,

260 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 63. [1796.

tions, regulations, and reftriftions, and fubj,eft to the like penalties and forfeitures for the breach thereof, as if the fame were made by any (hip or veil'd taken and condemned as lawful prize: provided always. That such fhips and vefiels fo put under his Ma-jefty’s proteftion, lhall not be allowed to import or export any goods whatfoever to or from any port in Europe not in the pofteflion of his Majesty.

His Majesty IV. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be may authorife lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy bTre^ftered.t0 counci^ at anY ^me on arrival of any such {hip or vefiel in as prize fhips anY Port °f Great Britain, upon application to him made, and in Great Bri- upon confideration of such circumftances as fhall fatisfy his Majesty of the expediency thereof, to authorife any such (hip or veftel (without payment of any duty whatever for the faid fhip or vefiel, or the fails and other necefiary tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof), to be regiftered, and to have a certificate thereof, as in the cafe of a prize fhip, in any port in the kingdom of Great Britain; and such (hip or vefiel fo regiftered (hall, in such cafe^ be entitled to all the privileges and advantages which belong, by law, to fhips taken and condemned as lawful prize.

V.  And whereas, by an att paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Secondr, intituled, An adl for the encouraging , recited. ancj (ncreafing 0f (hipping and navigation, it is enabled, float no alien^, or perfon not born within the allegiance of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors, or naturalized a?id made a free denizen, Jball exercife the trade or occupation of a merchant or faffor in any lands, ifands, plantations, or territories, to his Majefy belonging, or in his poffefion, or zvhich might thereafter belong unto or be in the poffejfion of his Majefy, his heirs and fucceffors, in Afia, Africa, or America, upon pain of the forfeiture and lofs of all his goods and Aliens reftding chattels, or which are in his poffefion ; be it enafted, That every fhrrendered to Per^011’ though an a!ien born, and neither naturalized nor made his Majesty, a ^ree ^en^zeib who (hall refide in any ifland or place which has may aft as ’ furrendered, or which (hall hereafter furrender, to his Majesty, merchants or and be in his Majesty’s poflefiion, and who (hall have taken the factors.  oath Qf fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty, according to the

terms of the capitulation under which such ifland or place (hall have furrendered, fhall be, and (hall from the time of such fur-render be deemed to have been, entitled to exercife the trade or occupation of a merchant or fadtor in any such ifland or place, during fo long time as the fame (hall remain and be in the pof-feftion or under the protection of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs; anything in the faid act contained to the contrary nptwithftanding ; fubjedt, nevertheless, to such laws and regulations as his Majesty’s fubjefts (hall and may be liable to in the fame iflands and places.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be confirmed to extend, to take away, abridge, vary, or alter, any of the rights or privileges belonging to, and veiled in, the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, by any charter,

aft

Aft not to abridge the rights of the Eaft India company.

1796.] Anno regni tricellmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 64, 65. 261

a6t of parliament, or otherwife whatfoever, refpedfing perfons refident in, or carrying on, or being concerned in any trade to, from, or in any place or places within the limits of the exclufive trade of thefaid united company; but all perfons refident, and all trade to be carried on within the faid limits, under the authority of the faid capitulations, or of this acl, fhall be fubjedt unto all and every the prohibitions, reftridtions, regulations, licences, duties, and conditions, in all refpedts as the refidence and trade of any Britijh fubjedl is now liable to by law, and (hall be fubjedl to the like penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things which any Britijh fubjedf, and the goods, merchandize, and trade of any Britijh fubjedt, would be fubjedf and liable to by lav/ for doing any thing in violation 'of the rights and privileges of the faid united company; any thing her.ein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, Governors of That it fhall and may be lawful for the refpedfive governors or lieutenant governors, or officers commanding in chief, of the ad^fnifter™^ Cape of Good Hope, of the illand of Ceylon, and of Cochin on the oaths, grant coaft of Malabar, or of the iiland of Trinadad in the Wejl Indies, certificates of or of the feltlement of Demerary on the continent of South Ame~  ^

rica^ to adminifler the oaths, grant the certificates, and do all 26 Geo. 3. and every other matters and things in and about the regiftering c.6o. of the faid fhips, which, under the authority of an adt, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An all for the further increafe and encouragement of Jhipping and navigation^ may be done by the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, and principal officer or officers of his Majesty’s revenue of cuftoms, in any of his Adajefty’s colonies, plantations, illands, or territories in America, refpedling the re-giftering of fhips there; and the faid governors or lieutenant governors, or officers commanding in chief at such places re-fpedlively, fhall appoint such officers under them as they fhall think proper, for Purveying the fhips to be regiflered, and for doing all other things relating thereto, which, in and by the faid adf, is to be done by certain officers of the cufloms therein mentioned.

C A P. LXIV.

An a6b for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons a6ting as such, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.—[May 25, 1797*]

CAP. LXV.

An all for empowering the jufices of the peace for the county of Middlefex, at their general or quarter fejfions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the faid county.—[May 25, 1797*]

WHEREAS it is expedient that poiver and authority Jhould^^mhie.

be given to the jufices of the peace for the county of Middlefex, in their general or quarter fejfwis ajfembled, to make a fair and equal

s 3  county

^6z

Juftices empowered to make an equal county rate, according to the annual rent or value of eftates in each pari ill.

Churchwardens and overfeers to make a return, upon oath, of amount of the rental of eftates in each pari Hi, within a certain time.

The like return upon o?tth to he made annually to the Michaelmas It Hi on s.

Anno regni tricefimo {eptindo Georgii III. c. 65. [1796.

county  rate, and for that purpose to ajfefs and tax rateably and in equal

proportions, according to the annual rent or value of eftates, within all and every the parifhes, towns, liberties, precindls, villages, hamlets, and places, ivithin the faid county, for and towards the fame : be it therefore enadted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this adl, the juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, in their general or quarter Tedious aftembled, fhall have full power and authority, and they are hereby required from time to time to a fiefs and tax all and every parifh, 'town, liberty, precindf, village, hamlet, and place, within the faid county, rateably and in equal proportions, according to the annual rent or value of eftates within such parifh, town, liberty, precindl, village, hamlet, and place refpedlively.

II.  And, in order the better to enable the faid jujlices of the peace for the faid county of Middlefex, to ajfefs and tax rateably and in equal proportions, all and every such parifhes, towns, liberties, precincts, villages, hamlets, and places, be it further enadled, That at the next general or quarter feftions of the peace to be golden in and for the faid county of Middlefex after the palling of this adl, the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the faid feveral parifhes, towns, liberties, precindls, villages, hamlets, and places, fhall, and they are hereby required, within the two lirft days of such next feftions, to make a return in writing to the faid juftices in feftions aftembled, which return fhall be verified upon oath in open court at the time of delivering in the fame, of the total amount of the rental or value of the eftates within the parifh, town, liberty, precindl, village, hamlet, or place, to which they fhall refpedlively belong, charged or aflefled to the poors rate of and in the faid parifh, town, liberty, precindl, village, hamlet, or place, at the time of making such return; and where the proportionable mode of rating is iefs than the real rent or value, the fame fhall be ftated and pointed out in .writing upon such return, and verified as aforesaid, in order that the faid juftices may be enabled to difeover the real amount of the rental or value of the eftates within the faid feveral parifhes, towns, liberties, precincts, villages, hamlets, or places.

III.  And be it further enadled, That the churchwardens and overfeers of the ppor of all and every parifh, town, liberty, precindl, village, hamlet, or place within the faid county, or fome or one of them, fhall yearly and every year, from and after the palling of this a cl, within th.e two firft days of the Michaelmas quarter feftions to be holden in and for the faid county, make a return to the juftices of the peace then and there aflembled, of the total amount of the rental or value of eftates within the faid parifh, town, liberty, precindl, village, hamlet, or place, at the time of making the Jaft preceding rate for the relief of the poor, and alfo {hall, when the proportionable mode of rating is lefs than the real rent or value, ftate anJ point out the fame in writing

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 65,  263

ing upon such return ; and {hall ve rify every such return upon oath in manner aforefaid.

IV.  And be it further enabled. That in cafe the faid church- Penalty for wardens and overfeers of the poor of any of the feveral parifhes, neg^e(^* towns, liberties, precincts, villages, hamlets, or places within

the faid county, {hall negle£l or make default in making such feveral returns, fo verified as aforesaid, at the next feffions of the peace after the paffing of this aft, or in making such annual return at the Michaelmas quarter feffions, as herein-before directed, that each and every such churchwarden and overfeer of the poor fhall forfeit and pay such fum and fums of money, not exceeding one hundred pounds, as fhall or may be ordered or adjudged by the faid juftices in their general or quarter feffions afTemblcd, by way of penalty for such negle£t or default; and in cafe any such Penalty to be penalty is not paid, the faid juftices. in such feftion aft'embled, may iflue their warrant to the high conftable of the divifion ft^ies, in like where such parifh, town, liberty, precintft, village, hamlet, or manner as place fhall be lituate, directing him to levy such penalty upon county rates the refpe£tive goods and chattels of each and every churchwarden are hvied. and overfeer of the poor of the parifh, town, liberty, precincft, village, hamlet, or place, fo neglecting or making default, in like manner, and with such powers and authorities as the faid high conftable is by a ftatute, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George, the Second, intituled,

An aft for the more easy ajfejfng, collecting, and levying county rates, veiled with for levying on the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor the fum aifefted for the county rate.

V.  And be it further enacfted, That if the faid churchwardens In cafes and overfeers of the poor fhall fo make default in making such where re-return as aforesaid,tothefaid Michaelmas quarter feffions annually, j^edTo be^~ or if it {hall happen that notwithftanding the incurring of a made, juftices penalty or penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such neg- empowered to le<5t or default, a return as aforefaid for any parifh, town, liberty, make a rate, precincft, village, hamlet, or place, fhall not be made within the

time before limited for the making thereof, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftices, and they are hereby required, either at the faid quarter feffions, or at fome fubfequent general or quarter feffions to be held for the faid county, to rate and aftefs each and every the parifh, town, liberty, precincft, hamlet, or place, the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of which fhall fo negled to make default as aforesaid, for and towards the faid county rate, according to such eftimate of juft and fair annual rent or value of the eftates within such parifh, town, liberty, precin<ft, village, hamlet, or place, or parifhes, townfhips, liberties, precinCts, villages, hamlets, or places refpetftively, as the faid juftices fhall be able to procure by any other means than the returns which are by this a<5l required to be made as aforefaid ; and to order such allowance and compenfation to be made to the conftables and other erfons within the feveral diftridts and divifions in the faid county, for their expences and trouble in procuring, collecting, and levying the fame, as to the faid

s 4.  juftices

 Go< [e

264 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 65. [1796.

juftices (hall appear reafonable and proper, and that all such allowances, compenfations, and other expences as fhall be thereby incurred, fhall be by the juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middkfex, in their general or quarter feflions alTembled, charged upon the parifh, town, liberty, precinbl, hamlet, or place, the churchwardens and overfeers of the* poor of which (hall fo neglebt or make default as aforesaid, in addition to their proportion of the faid county rate, and be collected and paid therewith.

Appeal a gain ft yj. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if the church war- churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any of the faid dens and over- parifhcs, towns, liberties, precindls, villages, hamlets, or places, iec-rsofthe within the faid county, fhall at anytime hereafter have reafon Poor•  to  believe  that  such  parifh,  town,  liberty, precinbl, village, hamlet,

or place, is over-rated by any rate to be made in purfuance of this abl, such churchwardens and overfeers of the poor may appeal to the juftices of the peace for the faid county, at their next general or general quarter fefiions, againft such part of the rate only as may affebl the parifh or place in which they ferve such offices *, which juftices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give such appellants such relief as in their difcretion fhall appear fair, juft, and equal : provided neverthelefs,That upon such appeal,fuch rate (hall not be quafhed or deftroyed in regard to any Other parifhes or places aflefled thereby ; any thing in this a<51, or any lav/, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  Provided alfo. That if any other perfon or performs fhall .think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any abt, matter, or thing to be done in purfuance of this abt, or the powers hereby given, that he, (he, or they fhall and may appeal to the faid juftices of the peace of the faid county, at their next general or general quarter feftions to be holden next after any such caufe of appeal (hall arife ; which juftices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give such appellants such relief as in their difcretion fhall appear fair and juft.

VIII.  And it is hereby enabled and declared, That all the powers and authorities in and by the faid acl of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, and all other exifting laws relating; to the county rate, fhall be and continue in full

General appeal.

Powers and authorities in abl 12 Geo. 2 continued, except where

altered by this force and effect, except where altered by this acl.

act.

.Expences of this act to be paid by treasurer out of CO-.:'Uy rate. *

fowance to uiiiatlcs,

IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the treafurer of the faid county of Midulefex ihall be, and he is hereby authorifed and required to pay and di(charge the reafonable charges and expcnccs occafioned by the procuring and pafting this ail, out of the firft money belonging to the faid county which

fhall be in his allowed by the fa ' X. And be it

mds ; such charges being firft examined and .id juftices at their general or quarter fe(lions', further enabled, That it Ihall and may be lawful for the juftices of the pence for the faid county of Middkfex ^ in their general or quarter feftions affembled, to order such allowance and ct nipenfction to be made to the cpmlables and other perfons

within

265

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 65. within such diftridts and divifions in the faid county, where no rate is or (hall be made for the relief of the poor, for their ex-pences and trouble in collecting and levying the faid county rate within such diftridfs and divifions, as to the faid juftices final) appear reafonable and proper; and to charge such allowance and compenfation upon such diftricls and divifions in addition to their proportion of the faid county rate.

XL And be it further enabled, That no adlion at law fhall be brought or commenced, or any proceeding had againfi: any per- a b* fon for any thing done by virtue of this adt, until twenty-one days notice thereof (hall have been given to or left at the ufual place of abode of the perfon or perfons againfi: whom such adlion or proceeding is intended to be had or brought, thereby fetting forth the particular caufe of such adlion or proceeding; or after tender of fufiicient amends have been made to the party or parties aggrieved; or after fix calendar months next after the fa£t or caufe of such action fhall have arifen ; and every such adlion fhall be laid and tried in the county of Middlefex, and not elfe-where; and the defendant or defendants in such adlion (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this act; and if the lame fiball appear to have been fo done, or if any such adlion fhall be brought before the expiration of twenty-one days next after notice fhall have been given as aforesaid, or after fuf-ficient tender of amends fhall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after the, time before limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants ; and upon such verdicl, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of bis, her, or their adtion or fuit after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement fhall be given againfi: the plaintifF or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble coffs, and fhall have such remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofis of fuit in any other cafe by law.

XII.  And be it further enadled, That in cafe of any appeals, Expences of adlions, fuits, or proceedings at law, as betwixt pari(Lk and appeals^&c. parifh, or betwixt any perfon or perfons and any parifh or parifhes, charged^to, or any perfon or perfons, refpedting any thing done in purfuance or pud out of this adl, or any other a6t or adls relating to the county rate, of, the court* the expences of all such appeals, adlions, fuits, or proceedings T r,ite*

at law, fhall be borne and paid by such refpedlive pltrilhes and perfons, or such of them, and in such proportions, as the faid juftices upon any appeal in their general or quarter fefiions fhall award and order the fame, or as such courts wherein such adlions, fuits, or proceedings fhall be inftituted, fhall adjudge and order, and fhall not be charged to, or paid out of, the county rate.

XIII.  And be it further enadled, That this a£t fhall be ad- Publick a ft. judged, deemed, and taken to be a publick adl, and fha!l be

2  judicially

266 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 66—69. [1796.

judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXVI.

An aft for revetting certain lands, tenements and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, in the former proprietors thereof, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.—[May 25, 1797.]

CAP. LXVII.

An aft to embank and drain the open and unerr.banked lands and grounds lying between The Daks Head Dyke and the river Witham, in the fe-veral townfhips or hamlets and pariflies of Walcot, Tiruberland— Thorpe, Timberland. Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the county of Lincoln.—[May 25, 1797.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for charging the fen lands and low grounds within the fccond, third, fourth, and fifth dUlriccs, in the bounds and precinfts of Whittkfey, in the lfle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, with further taxes for dif-charging the debts incurred by the ccrnmiffioners for the laid di ft rifts refpeclively, under certain afts palled in the twenty-fecond year os King George the Second, and in the twelfth year of his prelent Majesty; and for better improving, fupporting, and preferving, the drainage of the faid lands and grounds.—[May 25, 179;*]

CAP. LX1X.

An aft for granting to bis Majefly additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commiffwners for the affairs of taxes.—[June 6, 1797.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TTtE, your Majefly’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeefts, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s pub-lick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefly the duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moft humby befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the On every af- authority of the fame. That there {hall be raifed, levied, collected, a^ter AprilC an(^ Pa,c^ u°to and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-1797, under* ceffors, upon every affeffment which fhall have been made, or 24 Geo. 3. which (hall be made, after the fifth day of April one thousand feflT. 2. c_38. seven hundred and ninety-seven, under and by virtue of any act anc3j 16 or a(^s of parliament herein-after next mentioned; that is to and*124* in* fay, An a£t paffed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his refpeft of prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties duties under on fea^ anc[ foy granting to his Majefly other duties in lieu thereof; menTof the" and alfo fever al duties on inhabited heufes; and upon the importation commiffioners of cocoa nuts and coffee, and for repealing the inland duties, of excife

thereon ;

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 69.  267

thereon; one other ac£t palled in the laft feflion of parliament, in- for taxes, an

tit uled, An aft for granting to his Majjly nevj duties on certain

horfes not charged with duty by^ any other aft or aft s of parliament^ and percent* on

on mules; one other ad palled in the fame feflion of parliament, the amount

intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejlyyfever al additional duties to be levied.

on horfes kept for the purpose cf riding, or drawing certain carriages,

therein mentioned; and one other ad pafTed in the fame feflion of

parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majesty certain

duties on dogs; for or in refpedl of the feveral rates and duties

thereby granted under the management of the commiffioners for

the affairs of taxes, an additional rate or duty after the rate of

ten pounds for every hundred pounds of the grots amount thereof

in such afTeffment.

II.  And be it further enaded, That upon every aflelTment On every af-which fhall have been, o-r which (hall be made, after the fifth feflment made day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, underunder *

' or by virtue of any ad or ads of parliament hereinafter men- 24 Geo. 3. tioned; that is to fay, under or by virtue of one ad, puffed in feff. a-, c. 3?. the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, inti- anc* 29 Geo. tuled. An aft for granting to his Majesty certain duties on horfes kept refpe^of11 for the purpose of riding, and on horfes ufed in drawing certain car- duties on riages, in refpeft ivhercof any duty of ex eife is made payable ; under or horfes kept by virtue of one other ad, pafted in the twenty-ninth year of the ^or riding* or reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An a ft for granting to his Majejly carrTagf or* feveral additional rates and duties upon horfes and carriages with four under the wheels ; and for explaining and amending an aft, paffed in the twenty- ads of laft fifth year of his prefent Majejly, as far as relates to certain carriages k^ore with two or three wheels therein mentioned, for or in refped of the f^rther^ddi* feveral rates and duties on horfes kept for the purpose of riding, tional duty of or for the purpose of drawing any carriage, in the faid ads re- icl. percent, fpedively mentioned ; and under or by virtue of the faid feveral on^e ads, palfed in the laft feflion of parliament, herein-before men- to ^ciarg • tioned, for or in refped of the feveral rates and duties thereby refpedively granted, a further additional rate or duty fhall be charged after the rate of ten pounds for every hundred pounds of the grofs amount thereof in such aflelTment.

Ilf. And be it further enaded, That the commiflioners au- Commiftron-thorifed or appointed, or who fhall be authorifed or appointed, to put in execution the feveral ads relative to the rates or duties JaxeS) to put under the management of the commiflioners for the affairs of this ad in taxes, or any of them, on the amount of which the feveral duties execution, after the rate of ten poundscentum, and the feveral further duties after the like rate of ten pounds per centum are hereby impofed,

(hall be commiflioners for executing this prefent ad ; and that the feveral furveyors, infpedors, afleflors, and colledors refpedively, appointed or to be appointed to put in execution the faid feveral ads before mentioned, or any of them, fhall be furveyors, inlpec-tors, afleflors, and . colledors, to put in execution this prelent ad, according to the refpedive powers and authorities given to them by the faid ads, or any of them ; and the faid commiflioners,

#nd other the perfons aforesaid, duly qualified to a<5lin the execution

fore mentioned, to receive the duties hereby impofed.

268 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 69. [1796.

tion of the faid feveral adls before mentioned, fhall and they are hereby refpectively empowered and required to do all things ne-ceflary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the faid duties hereby impofed in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid acids before mentioned, or any of them, or any matters or things therein rdpeCtively contained.

Receivers ge- IV. And be it further enacted. That the feveral receivers general appoint- neral appointed, or who {hall be appointed, to receive the rates the^uhes^af anc^ ^u^es t0 afield and collected under or by virtue of the felled under faid acts before-mentioned, fhall, without any new commiffion or the ads be- commiffions to be had, obtained, or given, be receivers general of the faid feveral rates or duties hereby impofed within their refpe&ive diftricts or collections, unlefs other receivers fhall be appointed in purfuance of this act, within such diftricts cr collections refpectively, (fuch receiver and receivers giving such fe-curity for duly anfwering the faid duties as the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes (hall require)- and the faid receivers general being duly qualified to act in the execution of the faid feveral a<ts before-mentioned relative to the faid former rates or duties, or any of them, fhall and they are hereby refpectively empowered and required to do all things neceffary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the faid feveral rates or duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorifed to a<t in the execution of the faid former acts relative to the faid rates and duties, or any matters or things therein refpectively contained.

Treaiury may V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fhall

appoint: other be fawful for the lorc]s commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, receivers.  j  j  ~  j  *

or any three or more of them, for the time being, or the lord

high treafury for the time being, to appoint any perfon or per-fons other than the receiver or receivers of the faid former rates and duties, to be the receiver or receivers of the rates and duties by this act impofed, within or for any county, riding, or divifion, as the faid commiffioners or the high treafurer refpectively fhall think expedient.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That the feveral rates or duties by this act impofed upon the amount of the feveral former rates &c. as former snd duties herein-before mentioned, fhall and may be refpectively duties*  afeertained,  managed,  collected,  paid, recovered, paid over, and

accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to such general rules, methods, and directions, by which all the former rates and duties on the amount of which the faid rates or duties are by this ate impofed, or according to such fpecial rules, methods, and directions, by which such of the former rates and. duties upon the amount of which any of the faid additional rates or duties may be chargeable by this act, were or might be afeertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the faid rules, methods, and directions, are exprefsly varied by this act, and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, and directions, penalties,

forfeitures.

Additional duties to be afcei tained,



1796] Anno regni trieefimo feptitpo Georgii III. c. 69*  269

forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things contained in any a61 or afts of parliament relative to the faid former rates and duties, or any part of them now in force, (and not hereby other wife provided), for the computing, furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the faid rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the additional pates or duties by this act impofed, and not repugnant to the particular direftions of this act, (hall be in full force, and be duly ob-ferved, praftifed, and put in execution, for computing, furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the feverai rates and duties by this aft granted, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

VII.  And he it further enafted That, from and after the faid Additional

fifth day of April one thousand feve’n hundred and ninety-seven,  nT~

the faid additional rates and duties hereby impofed, {hall com- ^ 1797, and mence from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven to be paid hundred and ntnety-seven, and (hall be paid quarterly in each quarterly, year, on the four moft ufual days of payment in the year ; (that

is to fay), On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftober, in every year, by even and equal portions, the fir ft payment thereof to be made on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

VIII.  And whereas the feverai duties after the rate of ten pounds per centum, granted by an act, puffed in the thirty-firft fear of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An a61 for granting ' to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned ; and of ten pounds per centum, granted by an at7, pafied in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy,

intituled, An aft for granting to his Majesty further additional 36<^eo- 3-c-duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the I4> reu e • commilfioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned ; and of ten pounds per centum, by this aft granted, make together the firm of twenty pounds per centum on the amount of all the feverai rates and duties whereon the refpeftive duties of ten pounds per centum are impofed; be it further enafted, That in a (Telling and charging Duties under the laid refpeftive duties, after the rate of ten pounds per centum recited afts, * on the amount of the faid former duties,* it {hall be lawful for the faid refpeftive commiffioners, infpeftors, Purveyors, and'af-ecfj

31 Geo, 3. c. and

feftors, of the faid duties, to a fiefs and charge the fum of twenty &c. pounds per centum upon the amount of all the feverai rates and duties whereon the refpeftive duties of ten pounds per centum are impofed by the faid feverai afts, and this aft, in one fum, and by ;one afleflment and charge, inftead of diftinft afleflmerits and charges ; and to certify and return the fame upon such affeff-ments to the refpeftive commiffioners authorifed to put the faid afts in execution, at their refpeftive meetings to be held for

returning

in one 1'uin,



270 Annoregni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 70. [1796.

returning such afteflments in all and every the refpecVive counties, {hires, ftewartries, ridings, divifions, cities,, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpedlivelv; which faid Turn and Turns To certified (hall be added to the amount of the former aftefted rates and duties, and (hall be collected, raifed, levied, and received, under the rules, regulations, and directions prefcribed by the faid former .acts, fubjedi nevertheless to such proportional in-creafe or abatement in the amount thereof, as {hall be neceflary in cafe the faid former rates or duties fo aflefted fhall be encreafed or diminifhed by any furcharge thereupon, or appeal therefrom,

.  in purfuance of the faid former a£is.

carried to the IX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arifing confolidated by the faid rates and duties (the neceflary charges of railing and fund.  accounting for the fame excepted), fhall, from time to time, be

paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and (hall be . .  carried to and made part of the confolidated fund,

he^ui^de X. Provic^e^ always, and be it further enabled, That the mo-frayinganyen- nies arifing or to arife of the duties hereby granted, or fo much created charge thereof as (hall be fufficient, fhall be deemed art addition made by any loan to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the encreafed charge and^for tm^n, occa^looe(^ by any loan to6be raifed, or ftock created, or fo be years to be created, by virtue of any act or acts paffed, or to be palled, in this kept with feffion of parliament; and that the laid monies {hall, during the other duties fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt, dif-the^hme°mr- t,nctly and apart from ail other branches of the publick revenue ; po^e^fepirate and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the au-trom other ditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book monies. or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this fefllon of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered Separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account, whatever.

CAT. LXX.

An aft for the letter prevention and punijhment of atte?npts to /educe perfons ferving in his Majesty9 s forces by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or difobedience. — [June 6, 1797.]

Preamble.

Any perfon who fliall attempt to fe-

‘ H E R E A S divers wicked and evil difpofed perfons, by the V V publication of written or printed papers, and by 1malicious and advifed fpeaking, have of late induftrioujly endeavoured to feduee perfons Jewing in his Alajefly's forces by fea and land from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, and to incite them to mutiny and difobedience : be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafiing of this adt, any perfon who fhall malicioufly and advifedly endeavour

to

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 71.  271

to feduce any perfon or perfons ferving in his Majesty’s forces,duceanyfailor by Tea or land, from his or their duty and allegiance to his Ma- from his duty, jelly, or to incite or flir up any such perfon or perfons to com- or incite him* mit any ad of mutiny, or to make or endeavour to make, any to mutiny, mutinous affembly, or to commit any traiterous or mutinous &c- to fufFer pradife whatfoever, (hall, on being legally convided of such of- death* fence, be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall* fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

II* Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority afore-* faid, That any offence committed againft this ad, whether com-  ^

mitted on the high fe3S or within that part of Great Britain called"profecut^d. England, (hall and may be profecuted and tried before any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if the faid offence had been therein committed.

III.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaded,

That any perfon who (hall be tried and acquitted, or convided fo/offences of any offence againft this ad, (hall not be liable to be indided, againft this profecuted, or tried again for the fame offence or fad, as high a<ft, not to be treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon; and that nothing in this tried again ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend, to prevent any per- treafon*5 fons guilty of any offence againft this ad, and who (hall not be ov mifprifion tried for the fame as an offence againft this ad, from being tried of high trea-for the fame as high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, in f°n, &c. such manner as if this ad had not been made.

IV,  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,

That this ad (hall continue and be in force until the expiration Couti nuance of one month after the commencement of the next ieffion of a<^ parliament, and no longer.

CAP. Lxxr.

♦

An off for more effectually refraining intercourse with the crews of certain of his Majefly s /hips now in a /late of mutiny and rebellion, -and for the more effectual fupprejjion of such mutiny and rebellion,

—[June 6, 1797J

WHEREAS the crews of certain of his Maje/lys /yips, not- Preamble.

withfanding the repeated marks of his Majejlys gracious

favour and condefcenfion towards them, have perfijled, and do /ill

per//, in a rno/l dangerous and criminal mutiny, and in the commiffion

of divers aids of the mo/ heinous and treafonable nature, again/

the crown and dignity of our fovereign lord the King, and to the

manifef danger of the fafety of this realm, engaged in war again/l

a foreign enemy : and whereas it is neceffary that immediate pro-

vtfion Jhould be ?nade for the fuppreffon and punijhment of offences

of fo high and dangerous a nature, and for deterring all others from

being guilty of fimilar crimes in future : be it therefore enaded

by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and

confent ot the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the

fame., That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord high admiral, The admi-

3  0  \ralty,  by  or.

or



272 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 71. [1796.

(\e.r of the or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, d^ma1 Cde-n" °r t‘lree or more of them, being thereto authorifed by order clareufe crew  Majesty  in  council,  to  declare  the  crew  of  any of his Ma-

of any (hip jefty’s (hips who have been guilty of a£ls of mutiny and rebellion, to be in a _ and who ftill perfift therein, and alfo the crew of any other of nv*anjfrTUt*" Majesty>s fhips who (hall be guilty of any of the like offences, bellion, and to 111 a ^ate °f niutiny and rebellion, and by such declaration thereby warn to warn all his Majesty’s faithful fubjeefcs to abftain from all comall iubjedts to munication or intercourfe with the crews of the laid (hips ; and

abftain from such declaration fliall forthwith be publifiled in the London Ga-intprcouric  ^  *

with the crew. zettG anc* (hall alfo (as foon as the fame can conveniently be Such declara- done) be proclaimed in his Majesty’s dock yards, tiontobepub- II. And be it enaefted, That, from and after the date of such luhed in the publication in The London Gazette, it (half not be lawful for any Ga^ite, S,c. 0f j^jg Majesty’s liege fubjedis, or others refiding or being within After such this realm, to have any communication or intercourfe, whether no per Ion to perfonally or by letter, meffage, or other wife, with the crew of commuicate any fhip fo declared to be in a (hue of mutiny and rebellion, or with the crew, with any perfons or perfon being part of such crew, or with any or affift them. perfon w]io fhall remain on board the fa id fhip, after the day on which such declaration (hall have been fopublifhed in The London Gazette as aforesaid, or in any manner to lupply, aid, comfort, or aftift the laid crew, or any perfons or perfon being part thereof, or any perfon fo remaining on board the faid fhip.

III. And be it enabled, That any perfon who, after the date of such publication as aforesaid, (hall wilfully and advifedly have any such communication or intercourfe with such crew, or with

Perfons communicating with such crew, or af-

fifting them, to any perfons or perfon being part thereof, or with any perfon fo iuffer death. remaining on board any such fhip as aforesaid, or in any manner fupply, aid, comfort, or ajfift such crew, or any perfons or perfon being part thereof, or any perfons or perfon fo remaining on board the faid fhip, (hall, on convi&ion thereof, be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

IV. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the date of such publication as aforesaid, all wages and other allowances payable to the faid crew, or any of them, fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer payable, and they (hall refpeeftively from thenceforth forfeit and lofe all wages and other allowances, and all (hares of prizes then due to them refpecii-vely, and all benefits or advantages.to which they might ctherwife be entitled from Greenwich hofpital or the cheft at Chatham, and all other benefits and all perfons and advantages whatfoever, to which they might be otherwife remaining on entitled in confequence of their having ferved as feamen or marines on board any of his Majesty’s {hips; and that all perfons voluntarily remaining on board any of the faid fhips, after having had knowledge of such declaration, fhall be adjudged guilty of piracy and felony* and fhall fuffer such pains of death and lofs of lands, goods, and chattels, as any pirates or felons by virtue of an amade in the eleventh year of King William the Third,

intituled,

From such publication, the crew fhall forfeit all wages, allowances, prize money, See.;

board after knowledge of such declaration, to be adjudged guilty of piracy and felony.

 CjOO^Ic

1796-] Annoregni tricefimoTeptiino Georgii III. c. 71.  273

intituled, An aid for the more effectual fuppr effort of piracy, or any other aft, ought to fuffer.

V.  Provided always, That nothing in this a£t (hall be con- A& n^t to ftrued to extend to such communication or intercourfe as may be commurdca-carried on with the faid crews, or any perfons remaining on tions with the board the faid (Tups as aforesaid, by the lord high admiral, or the admiralty, commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or

any three or more of them, or by their order or authority, or by the order or authority of such perfons or perfon, as may be au-thorifed by them to grant permiffion or to give directions in that behalf.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That it ffialj The^admM® be lawful for the lord high admiral, or commiffioners for exe-^^ by his cuting the office of lord high admiral, or any three or more ofMajefty, may them, in such manner as his Majesty (hall authorife and require, accept the

to accept the fubmiffion of the crew of any (hip which (hall have been fo declared to be in a hate of mutiny and rebellion, oroftie ^ any perfon or perfons, part of such crew, or of any perfon or . perfons on board of any of such (hips, or to declare any such perfon or perfons to have returned to their duty, and thereupon to declare the perfons or perfon whose fubmiffion (hall be fo accepted, or who (hall be fo declared to have returned to their duty, to be exempted and relieved from all or any of the penalties and forfeitures in this a£t contained, in such manner, and under such terms and reftriftions as his Majesty (hall think fit; and from and after such declaration, nothing in this add aontained (hall extend to prevent any such ilitercourfe or communication as aforesaid, with any perfons or perfon to whom such declaration (hall apply.

VII.  Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, 'That any offence committed againld this add, whether Whereof-committed on the high Teas or within that part of Great Britain fences may be called England, (hall and may be profecuted and tried before any Proiecuted. court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for any county in

that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if the faid offence had been therein committed.

VIII.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enadled,

That any perfon who fhall be tried and acquitted, or convicted Perfons tried of any offence againft this adt, (hall not be liable to be indicted, ^in^this3 profecuted, or tried again for the fame offence or fadt, as high not to be treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon ; and that nothing in this tried again for adt contained fhall be conftrued to extend, to prevent any per- the lame, as fons guilty of any offence againft this act, and who fhall not be or^rnff^rlfion tried for the fame as an offence againft this adt, from being tried Qf hiuh trea-for the fame as high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, in fon, &c. such manner as if this adt had not been made.

IX.  And be it enabled, That this adt (hall be in force until Continuance

the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next 0 ac * feffion of parliament, and no longer,  ,

X* Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That it (hall be Adt may be

lawful to amend or alter this act, or any part thereof, during the altered duiing

f f rr* r v  w  the pi elent

prefent lemon or parliament.  ftflion

Vol. XLL  T  CAP.

274 Anno regni tricelimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1796-

C A P. LXXII.

An aft for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufafture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoufecl for exportation. —-[June 6, 1797.]

Preamble.  II THERE AS by an aftpajfed in the twenty-feventh year of

47 Geo. 3. c. VV the reign of bis prejent Adajcfiy, intituled, An ad for re-13, and  pealing  the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting

other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue 5 for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; among other things the importation of cambricks and lawns was allowed dir eft ly from France, or any of the European dominions of the French king) under certain regulations and rejlriftions, and on payment of certain duties, as fet forth and deferibed in table C. annexed to the faid recked aft: and whereas among other things it is enafted by the faid recited aft, That all cambricks or French laivns, legally imported, fall and may be worn, ufed, or confumed in Great Britain, or fold or expofecl to fale therein, and fall not be Jubjeft to feizure or forfeiture on account of such importation, nor fall the perjon or perfons who fall import, wear, life, or confume the fame, or who fall fell or expofe to fale the fame, or have the fame in his, her, or their cujlody or poffeffion, be liable to any penalty or penalties, fine or fines whatever, for wearing, uftng, confuming, , fellings or expofmg to jale the fame : and whereas the importation of cambricks and French lawns was allowed by the faid recited aft, and the duty was charged, and such cambricks and French lawns were permitted to be worn, ufed, and con fumed, and to be fold or expofecl to ' fale, in conjequence of a treaty of navigation and commerce concluded between his Britannick MajeJiy and the French king, the operation of which treaty is now at an end; and it is therefore expedient that jo much of the faid recited aft as permits the importation of cambricks and breach lawns, on payment of duty, to be worn, ufed, or con-fumed, and to be fold, or expofed to fale in this kingdom, fould be repealed; and it is afo expedient, that fo much of an aft, pajfed in 3+ Geo. 3. c. the thirty-fourth year of his prefent Majesty s reign, intituled. An 5°* recited. 3d for jepealing fo much of an ad, palled in the feventh year of the reign of h:s prefent Majesty, as direds, that no cambrick or lav\n ftiall he imported from Ireland until the importation of cambricks and French lawns into Ireland fhall be prohibited by law ; to allow the importation of cambricks and French lawns from the Aujlrian Netherlands for a limited time ; for making more effedual an ad, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for the more effedual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom 3 and .for preventing the fraudulent

relanding

j796.3 Annoregni tncefimo fcptimo Georg 11 III. c. 72,  275

relanding of tobacco ("hipped for exportation, <as permits or allows any cambricks or French lawns which floall have been imported and warehonfed for exportation, to be delivered from the warehoufe or warehotfes in which the fame fhall have been depofited, on payment of fuel? duty for the fame as cambricks and French lawns are by the faicl recited aft made fibjeSi and liable to, fhould in like manner be repealed; and that no cambrick or lawn whatever, other than of the manufacture of Ireland, floould, during the continuance of this a£f, be permitted to be imported, except to be warehonfed in this kingdom for exportation therefrom, according to the laws now in force : be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament a (Tern bled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited a£is, or So much of of any other act or a£ts of parliament, as permits or allows the r^,te^r any importation of .cambricks or French lawns, other than to as permits the lodged in a warehoufe according to law, in order to be again importation exported from thence, or the taking of any such cambricks and of cambricks lawns out of any warehoufe or warehoufes on payment of duty, or French to be worn, ufed, and confumed, or to be fold or expbfed fo fo7cxporta-Pt fale in this kingdom, fhall be, and the fame is and are hereby tion/or the repealed; and that all penalties and forfeitures relating to the taking them importation, wearing, ufing, and confuming such. cambricks °ut and lawns, and to the felling or expofing the fame to fale in this {Jome^on-kingdom, fhall, from and after the paffing of this adl, be in full f'umption, re* force, in like manner as if the faid recited ads, allowing such pealed, cambricks and lawns to be imported, and to be ufed, worn, and confumed, and to be fold or expefed to fale in this kingdom, -Aft not had not been made: provided always, That nothing in this a<51 potation of contained fhall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to prohibit jrifh cam-* or prevent the importation into, this kingdom of cambricks or bricks or lawns of the manufacture of Ireland\  lawns.

II.  And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-

faid, That all cambricks and lawns of the manufacture of Ire- From June t,

land, which, from and after the fir ft day of fune one thousand 17 5 7 >

J  #  j  cambricks

feven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be imported or brought jawns after*

into this kingdom, (hall, after the fame have been entered at the entry at the

cuftom houfe, and before the lame fhall be difeharged by the cuftom houfe*

officers, and delivered into the cuftody of the importer or his^0 ^^^^

agent, be marked, flam pec], or fealed in such manner, and with *  *  L

fuch mark or ftamp, or feal, and by such officer or officers, as

the commiffioners of his Majefly’s cultoms in England, or any

four or more of them, for the time being, or the commiffioners

of his Majesty’s cuftcms in Scotland, or any three or more of

them, for the time being, (hall refpectiveiy direCt or appoint for

that purpose.

III.  And it is hereby further enaCIed by the authority afore-. faid, That if any perfon or per foils, having in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, in any part of this kingdom for fale, anyan?la\vns such cambricks or lawns fo directed to'be marked, fbmped, or for file, may fealed as aforesaid, or any other cambricks or French lawns, till Aug i,

T 2  fhall,  I797, have

2/6 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1796.

e<Tat the^if"*  on  or  before the firft day of Auguft one thoyfand feven

tom houfe Vn hUFldred an<^ nihety-seven, bring or caufe such cambricks or proof of their ^\vns to be brought to the cuilom houfe for the port neared to having been the place where such cambricks and lawns (hall be, and (hall *inPort‘ make proof on oath before the collector and comptroller, or * C'vc* ‘ other principal officer of the cuftoms at such port (which oath such collector and comptroller, or other principal officer is and are hereby required to adminifter without fee or reward) that the laid cambricks and lawns were lawfully imported^ and for such as are liable to the payment of duties, that the legal duties due and payable to his Majesty, were paid upon the importation of such cambricks and lawns, if the fame were imported by him, her, or them, or that such cambricks or lawns was or were pur-chafed by such perfon or perfons (having pofleffion thereof) in a legal fair way of trade, and that he, (he, or they verily believe the legal duties due and payable to his Majesty have been duly paid for the fame, mentioning the time when and the port where such cambricks and lawns were imported, or the time when and of whom such cambricks and lawns were purchafed (as the cafe may be), and such cambricks and lawns {hall be thereupon, without fee or reward, marked, (lamped, or fealed, in such manner, and with such mark, (lamp, or feal, and by such officer or officers, as the faid commiffioners of the cufloms iq England and Scotland refpedlively, (hall dire£l and appoint for that purpose.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in cafe any cambricks, or Irijh or French lawns, fhall be found in any (hop, warehoufe, or other place whatfoever upon land, within this kingdom, not being in a warehoufe wherein the fame fhall have been depofited according portatfon^and to ^aw *n orc^er to be again exported, and (hall not be marked, not marked, to (lamped, or fealed as herein is direted, the fame (hall be forfeited be forfeited, and loft, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and fhall and may be profecuted, recovered, and. difpofed of in the fame manner, and by the fame rules and regulations as cambricks and French lawns clandeftinely imported and run into this kingdom, may be profecuted, recovered, and Commiffioners difpofed of bv any law now in force: provided always, That if it d[reft knvns to ^a!l be found impradlicable or inconvenient in any cafe to bring be marked in such cambricks or lawns to the cuftom houfe to be marked, anyplace. (camped, or fealed as herein directed, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpetively, to authorife and diredft their officers to mark, fitamp, or feal such goods in such other place or places as they ftiall think fit, on all the regulations and reftridtions of this a61 being fully complied with.

Penalty for V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That counterfeiting jf any perfon or perfons fhall at any time forge or counterfeit any mar s, - c. niark, (lamp, or feal, to refemble any mark, ftamp, or feal which (hail be provided or ufed in purfuance of this at, or fhall forge or counterfeit the impreffion of any such mark, (lamp, or

leal

After Aug. r, 17971 any cambricks or lawns found, except in a legal warehoufe for ex-

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 72.  277

feal upon any goods required by this a ft to be marked, {tamped, or fealed, or ("hall fell, or expofe to fale, or have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, any such cambricks or lawns with a counterfeit mark, (tamp, or feal thereon, knowing* the fame to be counterfeited, all and every such offender and offenders, and his, her, and their aiders, abettors, and afliftants, (ball, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety to his Majesty,  and the  other moiety to such officer or

officers of the cufloms  as fhall  fue and profecute for the fame,

and such offender and offenders fhall alfo be adjudged to fuffer one year’s imprifonment.  ?

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That p^cMawns^

all Cambricks and French lawns which have been or IT all be feized, t0 be feized and condemned,  fhall be fold and difpofed of for exporta- fold  for exportion only, under and fubjeft to  the feveral and refpeftive rules, tati°n  only.

regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures by the laws in

■ force on and immediately before the palling of the faid recited ad in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty.

VII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Commiflioners

That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners of his u^ Majefly’s cufloms, to caufe all cambricks and lawns which have feized at other been or may hereafter be feized and condemned at any other ports, to be port than the port of London, to be brought to and publickly fold in Lon-in the faid port of London.  OI)s

VIIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid,

That no cambricks or French lawns, whether the fame fhall have

been imported and warehoufed for exportation, or fhall have }awns to

been feized and condemned for any caufe of forfeiture, fhall be exported but

exported from, or entered for exportation at any other port than from London,

the port of London, or in any fhip or veflel which fhall not be of*

the burthen of one hundred tons or upwards.  or UpWarde.

IX.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this aft, Recovery and

fhall and may be fued for, levied, and recovered by such ways, ^gCation

means, or methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may

be recovered by any law or laws of cufloms, or by any aftion of

debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefly’s courts

of record at Wejhninjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland,

and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture

fhall be to the ufe of his Majeffy, his heirs and fucceflors, and

the other moiety to him or them who fliall inform, fue for, or

difeover the fame.

X.  And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That if any perfon or perfons fliall at any time or times be  *0J1

fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed

in purfuance of or by colour of this aft, or of any matter or

thing in this aft contained, such aftion or profecution fhall be

Commenced within the fpace of three months after the offence

fhall be committed ; and such perfon or perfons fhall and may

plead the general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter General iilue.

in evidence for his and their defence, and that the lame was done

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1796.

in purfuance and by the authority of this adt ; and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant dr defendants; and if the plantiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (ball Treble cofts. and may recover treble cofts, and have the like rerpedy for the fame as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes

by law.

A<5t not to  XI. Provided aly/ays, That nothing in this a61 contained fhall

extend to  extend to hinder or prevent, or be confirmed to extend to

cambricks or . .  ,  ,  r  ,/  .  r .  .

French lawns hinder or prevent, the entry for home conlumption of any cam-

' imported and bricks or French lawns which have been imported and warehoufed,

warehoufed by or may be imported by licence from the commiffioners^ of the

cufioms to be warehoufed, on or before the faid firft day or

September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and such

cambricks and French lawns fhall be fijbjedt and liable to all the

rules, regulations, refttidtions, penalties, and forfeitures of this adt,

XII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, That

no cambricks or French lawns which fhall be imported (under’

licence) after the palling of this adt (hall be admitted to entry for

home confumption, unlefs proof be firft made, to the fatisfadtiori

of the commifiioners of the cufioms, that the importer or pro-

licence of the cuftoms, before Sept. 1, 1797-

No such licence to be granted but on proof that the cambricks and french

lawns were ordered

before Pr‘etor such cambricks and French lawns was actually and bona May i, 1797. fide under contradl for such cambricks and French lawns, or had given orders and diredtions for the fupply thereof before the firft day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

XIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid,. That this act (hall continue and be in force until thirty days after the commencement of the next feiiion qf parliament, and • no longer.

Continuance of adt.

Preamble,

C A P. LXXI1I.

An atifor preventing the defertion of ficamen from Britifh merchant flips trading to his Majefy>s colonies and plantations in the Wert Indies.— [June 6, j797-J

WHEREAS feamen and mariners, after entering into articles to ferve on board Britifh merchant flips, during the voyages from Great Britain to his Maje/ly's colonies and plantations in the Weft Indies, and back to Great Britain, do frequently defert from such flips on their arrival at or in such colonies and plantations, on account of the exorbitant n'ages given ly majiers and commanders of other Britifh merchant flips, by the run or grofs, to fetimen and mariners, when in such colonies or plantations, to induce them to enter on board their J.'hips : and whereas such feamen and mariners, upon entering into articles forjuch voyages from Great Britain, ufually receive large funis of money in advance, for the purpoje of their outfit; and monthly allowances are frequently paid to their families, toiuards their fupport and maintenance, during the abfence of such feamen and manners : and whereas such deferiions have been the means of depriving

many

 CjOO^Ic

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Geokgii III. c. 73.  279

many merchant Jhips of a fujfcient number of feamen and mariners to

navigate them back to Great Britain, and thereby occafioned great

Ioffes to the merchants trading to the faid colonies and plantations: for

remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefly that it may be

enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s mofi excellent majefly,

by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and

temporal, and commons, in^this prefent parliament affembled,

and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fir ft From July i,

day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, all and

every feaman, mariner, and other perfon who fhall defert, at any merchant

time during the voyage, either out or home, from any Britifi.'? fhips to or

merchant (hip trading to or from the faid colonies or plantations, from the Well:

fhall, over and above all punifhments, penalties, and forfeitures, f^'thtir ^

to which he is now by law fubjedl, forfeit all the wages he-may wa„es<

have agreed for with, or be entitled to during the voyage from

the'mailer or owner of the fhip on board of which he (hall enter,

immediately after such defertion.

II.  And be it further enadled, That all and every mailer or Matters hiring commander of any Britijh merchant fhip who (hall, from and after feamen who the faid fir ft day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- from another feven, hire or engage to ferve on board his (hip or veiTel, any fhip, to forfeit feaman, mariner, or other perfon who (hall, to the knowledge of iool.

fuch mailer, have, deferred from any other fnip or veiTel, (ball forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as herein-after directed.

III.  And be it further enadied, That no mailer or commander matter of any merchant fhip or veiTel which (hall, from and after the firil oVeat Britain day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninetv-seven, fail or after July i, proceed from any port or place in Great Britain, ihall hire or 1797, to hire engage, or caufe or procure to be hiied or engaged, any feaman, fe^en *J! tlle mariner, or other perfon,at any port or place within his Majesty’s m0^.o than^ ^ colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, to ferve on board any double wages, such merchant (hip or veiTel at or for greater or more wages or unlefs autho-hire for such fervice than according to the rate of double monthly ^y the, wages, contracted for with the feamen, mariners, and other per- £overnorJ ^c# fons, hired or engaged to ferve on board such fhip or veiTel at the

time of her then lait departure from Great Britain, being in the Time degree and flation in which such feaman, mariner, or other perfon, (ball be fo hired or engaged at any such port or place as aforesaid, unlefs the . governor, chief magillrate, collector, or v comptroller of such port or place in the faid colonies or plantations fhall think that greater or more wages or hire than double the monthly wages aforefaid (Tiould or ought to be given to such feaman, mariner, or other perfon as aforesaid, and do and fhall accordingly authorile or diredl the fame to be given by writing under his hand; that then and in such cafe the mailer or commander of such fhip or .veiTel fhall and may be at liberty to pay, and the feaman, mariner, or other perfon on board such fnip or veflel to receive,, such greater or higher wages as such governor, chief magihrate, collector, or comptroller, fhall diredl, 3s aforefaid; and that all contracts, bonds, bills, notes, and other (ecu- Contracts co

- T „  r;r• „ tr,>ry to t! is

T +  nt!C">  aft void, an

280 Anno regni tricefimo fepthno Georgii III. c, 73. [1796.

psrlons enter- rities, promifes, and undertakings, which fhall be made, entered *int°5 or S*ven* contrary to the intent and meaning of this a£l, fhall

jool

Every (hip

tor every ico tons burthen, &c.

be null and void to all intents and purposes ; and that the mafter or commander of any such merchant (hip or veffel, or other perfon or perfons whomfoever, who (hall mdke, enter into, or give, orcaufe or procure to be made, entered into, or given, any such contra^, bond, bill, note, or other fecurity, promile, or undertaking, or who fhall hire or engage, or caufe or procure to be hired or engaged, any feaman, mariner, or other perfon, to enter on board any (hip or veffel contrary to the intent and meaning of this acft, or who fhall pay, or caufe or procure to be paid or given, anv greaier or more hire or wage--, or other gratuity or advantage whatsoever, to or for any feaman, mariner, or other perfon fo hired or engaged at any such port or place within his Majesty’s colonics or plantations in the IVeJl Indies as aforesaid, than is allowed or directed by this a£t, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, in the manner herein-after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, T hat all and every mafter and WdUn^icsC ma^er3 °f any merchant fhip or merchant {hips trading to his to hwe an ap- Majesty’s colonies and plantations in the JVeJi Indies, (hall have prentice under on board his or their fhip or fliips, at the time of such (hip or *7 years old, (hips clearing out from Great Britain, one apprentice, who fhall be under the age of feventeen years,duly indented for three years, for every one hundred tons admeafurement of such fhip or (hips, and fo in proportion for everyone hundred tons which such fhip or Hops (hall admeafure, according to the ceitificate of regiftry, and the indenture or indentures of every such apprentice fhall be duly enrolled ar the cuftom houfc of the port from whence any such (hip fhall clear out, with the colledlor or comptroller, within Apprentices one month after the date or execution thereof; which laid ap, exempt from prentice and apprentices lira'll be, arid is and are hereby exempt >r\hree ‘ron' Irving in bis Majesty’s navy for the fpace of three years velrs."Penalty from the date of such indenture or indentures p and all and every owner or owners, or mailer and mailers negledling to enroll the fame as aforesaid, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum cf ten pounds, to be paid in.manner following; (that is to fay). One moiety by the owner or owners of such fhip or fhips, and die other moiety by the mailer or mailers thereof, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein-after mentioned. Matters of such V. And be it further enacted, That all and every mafter and dups out and mafters of such fhip or fhips fhall, within ten days after their arr*va^ out at ar)Y P ,rt cr ports in the laid colonies or plantations, arrival^ lode- aRd alfo within ten days alter their arrival home at any port or ]iv-r liils con- ports in Great Britaindeliver, upon oath, to be made before the t.-lining certain colledlor or comptroller of such port or ports refpedively, (who is

parthul.11 s,on hercbv authorifed to adminifter the fame), a true and exaeffc lift: ptverity of 501.  .  .  . r  .  ,  n  ,  ,  -  .  n  .

*  and ceicnpnon or all and every the crew on ooard such mip or

fhips at the time of iheir clearing out from any port or ports in Great Britain^ and alfo of the crew on board the fame at the time of their arrival in any port or ports in ihe laid colonies or plantations,

of 10I. for not em oiling them.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 73.  281

tions, and alfo a true and exa£l lift and defcription of all and every feaman, mariner, or other perfon who has or have deferted from such fhip or fhips, or who has or have died during the voyage; and alfo a true account of the wages due to each feaman, mariner, or other perfon fo dying, at the time of his death, and all and every mafter and mafters omitting, neglecting, or refuting fo to do, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and for which faid lift and account fo delivered, such collector or comptroller (hall be entitled to demand and receive, ^ ^ on ^ from the perfon fo delivering the fame, the fee of two fhillings livery of lifts, and fixpen.ee, and no more; and it fhall and may be lawful to which may be and for all and every mafter and mafters of any fhip or fhips, or other perfon or perfons, to infpect such lift and lifts, from time Pafmen 0 IS* to time, as he or they may think proper; for which infpe£tion the faid collector or comptroller fhall be entitled to demand and receive from the perfon making the fame, the fum of one fhilling, and ho more.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no feaman, mariner, or other perfon, who fhall, at any port or board anyplace within his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in the Weji veffel in the Indies, hire or engage himfelf to ferve, or who fhall in the faid Weft Indies, colonies or plantations enter on board any- merchant fhip or veffel V^ich failed which fhall fail from Great Britain after the firft day of July one after July thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be entitled to, nor 1797, to be fhall he fue for, recover, or receive, any greater or more wages entitled to or hire, or other gratuity-or advantage whatfoever, on account of or for such his fervice,than such wages or hire as herein-before authorifed. authorifed or diredled to be paid or received.

... VII. And be it further enabled, That all and every fum and Wagesofdead fums of money which lhall be due for wages to any feaman, {^\he°rec^ver mariner,' or other perfon hired or engaged on board any Britijh of the 6d. duty-merchant fhip for any voyage from any port or ports in Great for Greenwich Britain to any port or ports in the faid colonies or plantations, hofpital, on

and who* has or have died on board during the voyage, fhall, PeD,a]ty -*?1*

. . .  ,  .  ,  ,  -  ,  • ^ r r r 1  and double the

within three calendar months arter the arrival or luch merchant

fhip in any port or ports in Great Britain, be paid to the receiver

of the fixpenny duty for Greenwich hofpital for the time being,, to

the ufe of the executor or executors, adminiftrator or admini-

ftrators, of the feaman, mariner, or other perfon fo dying ; and

if any mafter of any such merchant (hip fhall neglecft or refufe to

pay over, or tender to the faid receiver, all and every such fum

and fums of money within the time herein-before limited, he -

fhall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the lum of fifty

pounds, and alfo double the amount of the fum or fums of money

fo due to any feaman, mariner, or other perfon, for wages, as

aforefaid.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further ena£led. That all Difpofition of and every such fum and fums of money which fhall not be law--fully demanded of the faid receiver within'the term of three years Gp t|ie )trejver after payment thereof to him in manner aforesaid, fhall be for- in three years, feited, and ihall go and be paid to the ufe of the feameu’s hofpital

of

282

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1796-

of the port to which such fhip belongs ; but in cafe there fhall be no Teamen’s hofpital at the port to which such fhip belongs, then to and for the ufe and benefit of the old and difabled feamen of the fame port, and their families, to be distributed at the discretion of the magiftrates for the county where such port fhall be fituate, or any two or more of them.

^^P°hti°n of JX. And ke jt further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That P"na tlc3# the penalties and forfeitures given by this adb fhall be paid and applied in manner following ; that is to fay, One third part thereof for and towards the fupport of Greenwich hofpital, one other third part thereof for and towards the fupport of the fea-men’s hofpital at the port to which the fhip or veffel in refpedf of which the forfeiture fhall arife belongs • but in cafe there fhall be no Teamen’s hofpital at the port to which such fhip or veflel belongs, then to and for the ufe and benefit oftheold and difabled feamen of the fame port, and their families, to be diftributed at the diferetion of the perfons having the direction of the merchants feamen’s fund at such port, or in cafe there fhall be no such efbab-lifhment there, by the magiftrates or overfeer of the poor of such port; and the other third part thereof to and for the perfon or Recovery of perfons who fhall inform and fue for the fame; and that such pe-penaltjes. nalty fhall be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjler, or such of them as do not exceed the fum of twenty pounds, upon information, on the oath of one or more witneffes, before any one or more of his Majelby’s juftice orjuftices of the peace in any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, who fhall not refide more than ten miles from the place of abode of the perfon or perfons complained of, which juftice and juftices is and are hereby authorifed and required to iffue out his or their warrant or warrants, to bring before him or them every perfon charged with any offence under this adf; and in cafe he or they fhall refufe or negledb to pay such penalties or forfeitures as aforesaid, to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to levy the fame by diflrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, and in cafe no diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the city, town, or place, within the jurifcliclion of such refpedcive juftice or juftiees, there to remain for the fpace of three calendar months, or until he or they fhall pay the fame.

A (ft not to ex- X. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadbeo, That nothing in producing cer-  exten^, or he conftrued to extend, to any contra#

tificates ofdif- or agreement which fhall or may be made with any feaman, ma-charge.  riner, or other perfon hired or engaged to ferve on board any

merchant fhip or veffel, at any port or place within his Majesty’s 1 colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, who (hall, at the time of such hiring or engagement, produce and deliver to the mafter 1  ,  and commander of such merchant fhip or veflel a ■ certificate,

under the hand of the mafter or commander of the fhip or veffel on board of which such feaman, mariner, or other perfon had then la ft ferved, figned in the prefence ot one or more witnefs or vvitnefle?, fulling their ufual place or places of abode, thereby de-

1796-] Afinoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgxi TIT. c. 73.  283

daring or certifying that such feaman, mariner, or other perfon,

had been duly difcharged from the (hip or veil'd on board of

which he had fo laft ferved 3 and which certificate the faid mafter Mafters to

or commander fhall grant within three days next after application fi^^son0^**

made to him by such feaman, mariner, or other perfon, before a nalty ofaol^

witnefs, or in default thereof (hall forfeit and pay the fum of

twenty pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner

hcrein-before direfted 3 nor to any contraft or agreement to be Aft not to ex-

made with any feaman, mariner, or other perfon hired or en- tend to fearritn

gaged to ferve on board any merchant fhip or veil'd, which nudity, See,

through neceifity, or on account of very hazardous fervice or

extraordinary duty, require such contract or agreement to be

made, and more wages or hire given, and of which neceftity,

fervice, or extraordinary duty, proof fhall be made on oath before

the chief magi (Irate or principal officer of any port or place, or

before any juftice or juftices of the peace of the faid colonies or

plantations 3 and provided alfo that such feaman, mariner, or

other perfon fo hired or engaged to ferve on board any (hip or

veffel, fo requiring such fervice, fhall not have deferted from the

(hip or veffel on board of which he had then laft ferved 3 and

provided alfo, That no greater or higher wages or hire (hall be

given by any mafter or commander, or taken or received by any

feaman, manner, or other perfon as aforesaid, except in cates of

fuch neceftity, very hazardous fervice, or extraordinary duty, as

aforefaid, than after the rate of double the monthly wages, or the

wages to be fettled or directed by any governor, chief magiftrate,

colleftor, or comptroller, as herein-before directed to be paid or

received as aforefaid.

XL And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That After July^> from and after the faid firftday of July one thousand (even hundred to be'entered and ninety-seven, the articles to be entered into by and between into agreeable the matters, feamen, and mariners, of such merchant fhip or to annexed fhip?, (hall be agreeable and to the purport and effeft as men- (bhedule. tuned in the fchedule hereto annexed, marked with the letter A.

XII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Publick aft. That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft ; arid .all judges and juftices are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without lpecially pleading the fame.

The SCHEDULE, to which this aft refers.

A.

?T is hereby agreed between the mafter, feamen, and mariners, Ship. A of the (hip v now bound for the port of  and

the mafter or commander of* the (aid (hip, That in confideration of the monthly or other wages againft each re-fpeftive feaman or mariner’s name hereunto fet, they feveraily (hall and will perform the above-mentioned voyage 3 and the faid mafter doth hereby agree with and hire the faid teamen and mariners for the faid voyage at such monthly wages, to be paid pur-fuant to the laws of Great Britain 3 and they the faid feamen and

m trine is

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c» 73, [1796.

mariners do hereby promife and oblige themfelves to do their duty, and obey the lawful commands of their officers on board the faid Ihip or boats thereunto belonging, as become good and faithful feamen and mariners’, and at all places where the laid fhip {hall put in or anchor during the faid fhip^s vovage, to do their beft endeavours for the preservation of the faid (hip and cargo, and not to neglect or refufe doing their duty by day or night; nor (hall go out of the faid fhip on board any other vefTel, or be on fhore under any pretence whatfoever, till the voyage is ended and the fhip difcharged of her cargo, without leave firft obtained of the matter, captain, or commanding officer on board ; and in default thereof they freely agree to be liable to the penalties mentioned in the adt of parliament, made in the fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An att for the better regulation and government of feamen in the merchants fervice; and the aft, made in the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An a5l for preventing the defer t ion of feamen from Britifh merchant/hips trading to his Majeffs colonies and plantations in the Weft Indies : and it is further agreed by the parties to thefe prefents, That twenty-four hours abfence without Jeave (hall be deemed a total defertion, and render such feamen and mariners liable to the forfeitures and penalties contained in the a£ls above recited ; that each and every lawful command which the faid matter fhall think neceffary to iffue for the effectual government of the faid veiled, fuppreffing immorality and vice of all kinds, be ftridlly complied with, under the penalty of the perfoa or perfons difobeying, forfeiting his or their whole wages or hire, .together with every thing belonging to him or them on board the faid veil'd : and it is further agreed, That no officer or fea-tnan, or perfon belonging to the faid fhip, fhall demand or be entitled to his wages, or any part thereof, until the arrival of the faid fhip at the above-mentioned port of di{charge, and her cargo delivered, nor lefs than twenty days in cafe the feaman is not employed in the delivery : and it is hereby further agreed between the matter and officers of the faid fhip. That whatever apparel, furniture, and ftores, each of them may receive into their charge, belonging to the faid ihip, (hall be accounted for on her return ; and in cale any thing fhall be loft or damaged through their care-leiTnefs or infufficiency, it (hall be made good by such officer or feaman by whose means it may happen to the matter and owner of the faid fhip : and whereas it is cuttomary for the officers and feamen on the (hip’s return home in the liver, and during the time their cargoes are delivering, to go on fhore each night to deep, greatly to the prejudice of such {hip and freighters ; be it further agreed by the faid parties. That neither officer nor feaman fhall, on any pretence whatfoever, be entitled to such indulgence, but fhall do their duty by day in difeharge of the cargo, * and keep such watch by night as the matter or commander of the fai i (hip fliall think neceffary, in order for the prefervation of the above : and whereas it often happens that part of the cargo is embezzled after being delivered into lighters, and as such iofles

are

179^*1 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgn III. c. 74.

are made good by the owners of the fhips; be it therefore agreed by thefe prefents, That whatever officer or feaman the mailer lhall think proper to appoint, (hall take charge of the cargo in the lighters, and go with the fame to the lawful quay, and there deliver his charge to the (hip’s hufband, or his reprefentative, or fee the fame fafely weighed at the King’s beam, and in confe-quence of their true fidelity, such officer or feaman (hail be entitled to two (hillings and fixpence each lighter, exclufive of their monthly pay; and fhould it fo happen that lighters are detained a confiderable time at the quay before they can be unloaded, such officer and feaman fo appointed (hall in that cafe be entitled to two (hillings and fixpence for every twenty-four hours, exclufive of their faid monthly pay; that each feaman and mariner who (hall well and truly perform the above-mentioned voyage (provided always that there be no plunderage, embezzlement, or other unlawful ads committed on the faid vefTel’s cargo or (lores) (hall be entitled to their wages or hire that may become due to him, purfuant to this agreement; that for the due performance of each and every the above-mentioned articles and agreements, and acknowledgement of their being voluntary and without compulfion, or any other clandeftine means being ufed, the faid parties have hereto fubfcribed their names, the day and month fet oppofite to their refpedive names.

Place and time of entry.  Men’s  names.  Quality.  Witnefs to each man’s ftgning.  Pay in the River.    Wages per monthjor by the run for the voyage.  Whole  •wages.

        Whole.  Half.    

C A P. LXXIV.

An a 51 to enable the £a(l India co?npany to pay the expences of two regiments of infantry to be raifed for the defence and protection of the houfe and warehoufes of the faid co?npany, and for such publick fervices as are mentioned in an Qt7, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An ad for encouraging and difciplining such corps or companies of men as (hall voluntarily enroll themfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafls, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the prefent war.—[June 6, 1797*]

WHEREAS,

286 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 74. [1796.

WHEREAS, by an aft, made and pajfedin the thirty-third year cf the reign of his prefcnt Majesty, intituled, An a61 for continuing in the Eajl India company, for a further term, the pof-feflion of the Britifb territories in India, together with their ex-clufive trade, under certain limitations; for eftabli filing further regulations for the government of the faid territories, and the better adminiftration of juflice within the fame; for appropriating to certain ufes the revenues and profits of the faid company; and for making provifion for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; it was, among/} other things, enabled) That during the continuance of the exclufwe trade to the Jaid company, the net proceeds of their fales of goods at home, with the duties and allowances arifing by private trade, and all other prof ts of the faid company in Great Britain, after providing for the pay-merit of bills of exchange already accepted by the faid company as the fame Jhould become due, and for the current payments of other debtsi inter eft, and other outgoings, charges, and expence s, of the faid company., (their bond debt always excepted9, Jhould be applied and difpofed of in the manner in the faid all particularly mentioned: and whereas by an ad?, made and pajfed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his 34 Geo. 3. prefent Majjly, intituled, An a£i for encouraging and disciplining c. 31, recited, fych corpS or companies of men as fliould voluntarily enroll them-felves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the prefent war ; it was (amongji ether things) enabled, That any corps or companies of volunteers who then were, or Jhould thereafter be formed, in any counties or ■towns in Great Britain, during the continuance of the prefent war, under officers having commiffion from his' Majesty, or from the lieutenants of counties, or others who might be fpecially authorifedby his Majefiy for that purpose, and who Jhould at any time, on being called upon by fpecial direction of his Majefiy, in cafe of adiual invafion, or appearance of invafion, voluntarily march out of their refpebtive counties or towns, or fliould voluntarily aJJ'emble within the fame, to repel flub invafion, or who Jhould voluntarily march, on being called upon in pur fiance of an order from his Majesty, or from the lord lieutenant or *  fieriff of the county,  to ad? within the county, or the adjacent counties,

for theJuppreJfion of riots or tumults, foould in such cafes be entitled to ''  receive  pay  in Juch manner, and at such rates, as the officers and fol-

diers of his Majefefs regular forces did then receive, an d Jhould, during the time of their being continue cl in such fervice, and jo receiving pay as above, be fuhjed? to military dijcipUnc, as the ref of his Majejlf s regular and militia troops ; provided that no officer or foldier of any volunteer coi ps Jhould be liable to be tried or punijhecl by any court mar-tin?, at any time, unlej's such court martial Jhould be compofed entirely of officers ferving in volunteer corps formed as afore faid ; Juch court martial to be oflembled by warrant under his Majejlf s fgn manual, or by warrant from jome general or other officer duly auihorifed to hold courts martial: and whereas the united company of merchants of Eng-land trading to the Eaft Indies are deferous, at their own expence, to raife, form, and maintain, two regiments of infantry volunteers, under 11, r provifions of the Jaid Lift recited ad?,'to be employed for the dfence

and

Preamble.

33 Geo. 3. c. 5z. and

1^96.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 75:  287

and protection of their houfe and warehoufes, and,fubje5f thereto, upon such publick fervices as in the faid la ft a 51 are ?nentioned\ and such their defire having been fubmitted to his Majejlfs royal confederation^ his Majefey hath approved thereof and hath been gracioufey pleafeed to grant co?nmiJfeons to certain officers for the raifeng, trainings and commanding the faid regiments ; but, by reafon of the appropriatio?2 of the revenues of the faid united company to and for the purposes mentioned in the faid recited a 51 of the thirty-third year of his Majefey's reign, the faid united company cannot pay the charges and expences of the faid two regiments ivithout the authority of parliament: wherefore your Majesty’s loyal and dutiful fubjeCts, the faid united company, moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembJed, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for The Eaft India the faid united company, from time to time, to pay all and every the charges and expences of raifing, training, and cloathing, the pences^f^two faid two regiments, and alfo of their pay and allowances whilft regiments of upon duty and lervice, and to charge the fame amongft the ordi- volunteers, nary outgoings, charges, and expences of the faid united company,

.previous to the application of the net proceeds mentioned in the faid aCt, made in the thirty* third year of his Majesty’s reign, to, for, and upon, the purposes in and by the fame aCt directed ; any thing in the fame act contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

II.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That  r

the faid two regiments fhall, in the firft place, be employed in ed< to be fub-fuch manner as by the court of directors of the faid united com-jed to military pany (hall be deemed neceftary for the protection and defence of diicipline. the houfe of the faid united company, commonly called The Eafe

India Houfe, and of the warehoufes of the fame company; and, fubjeCt thereto, fhall be employed upon the fervices, and for the purposes upon and for which other volunteer corps may be called out and employed under and by virtue of the faid recited aCt, made in the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty’s reign, and during the time the faid two regiments (hall be employed in the defence and protection of the faid united company’s faid houfe and warehoufes, they fhall be fubjeCt to military difcipline in like manner as if they were employed in the fervices in the faid laft act mentioned.

III.  And be it further enaCted, That this aCt fhall be a publick Publick act. aCt, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. LXXV.

An all to enable his Majefey to draw out and embody the militia

forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlefex.—■

[June by 1797.]

WHEREAS 

288 AnnoregnitricefimofeptimoGEORGii III. c. 76,77. [1796.

WHEREAS the militia of this kingdom is now drawn out and embodied; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it

Preamble.

His Majesty may, within iz months, embody the

37 Geo. 3. c. 2S-

Preamble, iz Annas, Itat. 1. c. 16, recited.

may be enacted -y and be it enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and Content of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be law-’ ful for his Majesty, by warrant under his fign manual, at any' time within'twelve months from and after the paffing of this adft. Tower Ham- to draw out and embody the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets, lets militia. jn the county of Middlefexy or such part thereof as his Majesty, in ' his wifdom, frail judge neceflary; the fame to be fubject to the reftriiftions and regulations contained in an a<51, pafted in the prefent'feftion, intituled. An aft for the better raifing and ordering the militia forces' of the Tower Hamlet's, in the county ^/'Middlefex.

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft for difallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of fail cloth or canvas of the manufafture of Great Britain, for a limited time.—[June 6, 1797.]

WH E R E A S by an aft, paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, and feveral fubfequent aftsy a reward or recompcnce is allowed on the exportation from Great Britain, by ivay of merchandize, of fail cloth or canvas, fit for or made into fails : and whereas the legfia-ture of Ireland have excepted from the bounty on fail cloth and canvas of the manufafture of that country, such articles, when exported to Great Britain or the Ifle of Man : and whereas it may be expedient that the reward or recompence granted on the exportation of fail cloth or canvas from Great Britain Jhould not be allowed when Juch articles are exported to Ireland : be it therefore enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of -the fame, That, from and after the fifteenth day of July onethousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, no reward or recompence whatever (hallibe allowed or paid by virtue of the faid. recited a£t, or any other act or a<5ts of parliament, on the exportation- from Great Britain to the kingdom of Ireland, of any fail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain.

II. And be it further enaefted, That this act fhall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred ninety-eight, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVII. .

An aft for making the port of San Jofef, in the if and of Trinidad a free port.—[June 6, 1797.]

From July 15, 1797, no bounty to be allowed on the exportation of Britifh fail cloth or canvas to Ireland. Continuance of ai5U

Preamble. 27 Qeo. 3. c. 27.

WHEREAS by feveral aftsy• made in the twenty-feventhy thirtieth, thirty-firfy thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of

i

if

the

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c 78,  2S9

the reign of his prefent Majefly, it is provided.\ that wool, cotton 3° Geo. 3. wool, indigo, chochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, tobacco, logwood, c* fujlic, and all forts of zuood for dyers ufe3 hides, jkins and lal~ ^ .3^°* ^ . /W; heaver, and all forts of furs3 tortoife Jhell, hardwood, <?r  .32 Geo. 3.

timber 3 mahogany and all other goods for cabinet •ware 3 horfes,  o, 37* and

wa/W, <?7Z^ cattle, being the growth and production of any of the colo- 33  G*

nies or plantations /^America belonging to or under the dominion of*°* CC any foreign European fivereign 0* Jlate 3  <7//  bullion,

diamonds or precious fones,  imported from any of the faid

colonies or plantations, into the feveral ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio, in the ifland of Jamaica 3 the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada; the port of Rofeau in the ifland ^Dominica 3 the port of NafTau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands 3 and the port tf/'Saint John’s in the ifla?id of Antigua, in any foreign Jloop, fchooner, or other veffel whatever, not having more than one deck, and owned and navigated in the manner therein preferibed, and, together with other goods and commodities mentioned in the faid ads, may be exported from thence, under certain regulations and reflriftions: and whereas it is expedient to permit the goods and commodities herein-before enu~ merated to be in like manner imported into the port of San Jofef in the ifland of Trinidad, and, together with such other goods and commodities to be in like manner exported from thence: be it therefore enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this ad, all the Certain goods goods and commodities herein-before enumerated and deferibed, th^redted1 fhall and maybe imported into the port of San Jofef in the ads may be ifland of Trinidad, in the like foreign fhips and velfels, and, to- imported into, gether with such other goods and commodities mentioned in the exported faid ads or any of them, be exported from thence to such part of ^San^ofcf1^ his Majesty’s dominions to which the exportation of the fame is in Trinidad* permitted by any of the faid ads, under the fame rules, regulations, and reftridfions, and fuhjed to the like penalties and forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the manner in the faid ads, or any of them, mentioned and contained.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An ad for the better regulation and encouragement of pilots for the conducing of fhips and velfels into and out of the port of Liverpool.— [June 6, i797d

A£t 6 Geo. 3. c. 61, repealed. Commiflioners names. Commiflioners to appoint a committee and a clerk. Committee to examine and grant licences to pilots. Pilots fhall pay for their firft licence 61. 6s. and afterwards 3I. 3s. and the licence to be in force for one year. Perfons ading without a licence to forfeit aol. Pilots to receive for piloting any fhip or vefTel belonging to his Majesty’s fubjeds into the port of Liverpool not lefs than 6s. nor more than 9s. for every foot of water such fhip fhall draw, and for piloting out of the faid port not lefs than 3s. nor more than 5s. Velfels in the cbaRing trade to pay half-price. Velfels not to pay for lefs than eight feet draught of water. For piloting alien fhips into the port of Liverpool, noElefs than 9s. nor more than 12s. every V\)L. XLL  U  foot,

29° Anno regni tricefimo fepumoGEORGii III, c. 79—82. [1796.

foot, and for piloting {hips out of the faid port not lefs than 6s. nor more than 8s. every foot. Mafters ofveffels inward bound, refuting to take pilots who offer, to be liable to full pilotage. Pilots leading the way 'many vef- -fel, to* be entitled to the pilotage. Reward for pilots aflifting ihips in dif-trefs to be fettled by the committee. Pilots refuting to conduct fhips or aftift fhips in diftrefs, to forfeit 10I. and lofe their licence. Com pen -fation to be made to pilots for taking veficls out of port which have been forced back. Ships forced back after parting with the pilot and piloted out again from Hoylake to pay half price. Mafters in the coafting trade in ballaft or under one hundred tons may pilot their own veffels. Pilot attending a veffel to have 5s. a day. Penalty of 20I. on mafters forcibly taking away pilots. Rewards tc be paid to meritorious pilots. Pilots not to keep publick houfes. Committee empowered to make bye laws.

CAP. LXXIX.

An aCt to amend and render more effectual an aCt, pafled in the twenty-ftxth y$ar of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An act more effectually to enable the parifliioners of the parifh of Chrift Church, in the county of Middlefex, to purchafe, hire, or ereCt a workhcmfe for the employing and maintaining the poor of the faid parifh* and for the more effectual fupport and employment of the poor therein; and alfo an aCl, paffed in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, for amending the faid firft mentioned aCt; and for enlarging the powers of the laid ads, and altering the manner of rating to the poor of the faid parifh, and better effectuating other regulations relative thereto.—[June 6, 1797.]

CAP. LXXX.

An aCt for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and otherwife improving, all such ftreets and other publick paffages, as are or fhall be made upon a certain piece of ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, fpiniter, fituate in the parifh of St. Pancras, in the county of Middlefex.—[June 6, 3797.]

CAP. LXXXI.

An aCt to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Merfey, to extend Several branches of the canal from and out of their faid navigation.—[June 6, 1797.]

CAP. LXXXII.

An Got for allowing certain difeounts to ths contributors of eighteen millions raifed by annuities by an a St of the prefent fejfwn of par lia -ment, who Jhall have completed their contributions on or before the days therein mentioned—[June 19, 1797*]

£

WHEREAS by an aSl, paffed in the prefent fejfwn of parliament, intituled, An a£ for raifing the fum of eighteen millions by way of annuities, the fum of eighteen millions was fub-Jcribed towards the fapply of the prefent year, to be advanced and paid in certain proportions on or before the days in the faid a SI 'mentioned: and whereas the co?nmons ofGreat Britain, in parliament offembled, have refolved that certain difeounts fhould be allozved to every contributor who flooulcl pay in the whole of his or her contribution money on or before the days herein-after mentioned, for which no provijion is made by the faid aSi: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadfed; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual

and

Preamble.

37 Geo. 3. c. 10.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 83.  291

'and temporal, and commons, in ;t his prefent parliament aflem-

bled, and by the authority of. the fame, That every contributor Perfons who

who fhall have paid in the whole of his or her contribution have paid the .  ,r r r - \  'it*  */'  it  •  •  1  whole or their

money towards the turn or eignteen miiiions railed by annuities by contributions

the fa id ail on or before the thirteenth day of ‘January one thou- by Jan. 13,

fandfeven hundred and ninety-fev-en, fhall be allowed an intereft 1797? to be^

by" way of difcount after the rate of three pounds per centum per  a

annum on ninety pounds of every one hundred pounds fo com- 9

pleted, to be computed from the laid thirteenth day of January

to the thirty-firft day of Oftobsr next enfuing.

II. And be it further enailed, That every contributor who fhall have paid in the whole of his or her contribution moneyVhole be-between the faid thirteenth day of January one thousand seven tween jan. 13 hundred and ninety feven, and the feventeenth day of March and March 17, following, fhall be allowed an interefl by way of difcount after 1797* the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on ten pounds of every one hundred pounds fo completed, to be computed from the faid feventeenth day of March to the thirty-firft day of October next enfuing; and alfo an intereft by way of difcount after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on eighty pounds of every one hundred pounds fo completed, to be computed from the day of completing the fame to the faid thirty-fifft day of October.

CAP. LXXXIII. •

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft, puffed in the prefent feffion ofpar-liament, as prohibits the exportation and permits the importation, duty free, offever al forts of corn, and other articles made thereof—

[June 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the prefent fejjion of parlia- Preamble.

menty intituled. An ail to continue for a limited time, and 37 Geo. 3. amend an ait made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, c An c* recited, ail to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of pro-vifion, for a limited time, in any fhips whatever, without payment of duty and for permitting wheat, wheat flour, and meal, imported, in order to obtain the bounties granted by an ail of the laft feffion of parliament, but which have not been found fit for making bread, to be ufed in the manufaiture of ftarch, hair powder, and blue, or in the diftillation of low wines and fpirits: and whereas, fince the puffing of ihe faid aft, the prices of fever al of the forts of corn therein mentioned have been confiderably diminijhed: be it therefore enailed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fixteenth day of June andfo much one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fo much of the[^teTto faid ails as relates to the importation and exportation, and the p0rtati0n, excarrying coaft wife, of barley, beer, or bigg, peafe, beans, oats, portation, and

u 2  or  carryingcoaft-

292 Anno regni trieefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 84. [1796*

wife, of bar- or any meal, flour, bread, bifcuit, or malt, made thereof, fhall

ley &c. re- be, ancj the fame \s hereby repealed.

No faJh arti-  Prov*lc^ec^  always,  and be it further ena&ed, That no arti-

cles entered cles mentioned in this a£I, which (hall be entered for exporta-for exporta- tion before the fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred tion before and ninety-eight, (hall be entitled to any-bounty upon the e$c-entitledto98, portation thereof; any a&, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary bounty. notwithftanding.

Preamble.

12 Car. 2. €♦ iS.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft to permit goods, the product or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in Britifh or foreign vejfels, from any place what-foever, for a limited time.—[June 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS by an ad of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An a61 for the encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation, all goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Africa, Afia, or America, or any part thereof are to be imported and brought into the kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the ifands of Guernfey and Jerfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in Englifh-Zw/V/ Jhipping, or other jhipping belonging to fame of the aforefaid places, whereof the mafler and three-fourths of the mariners at leafi are Englifh, and are not to be /hipped and brought from any ether place or places, country or countries, but only from those of the faid growth, production, or manufacture, or from those ports where the faid goods and commodities can only, or are or ufually have been firjl /hipped for tranfportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty and forfeiture of the /hip and goods, excepting in feme particular cafes provided by the faid aCl: and whereas, by the faid in part recited aCf, it is alfo enaCicd, That no goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Mufcovy, or of any of the countries, dominions, or territories to the great duke or emperor of Mufcovy or Ruflia belonging, as alfo that no forts of mafs, timber, or boards, no foreign fait, pitch, tar, rofin, hemp, or fax, raifins, figs, prunes, olive oil, no fort of corn or grain, fugar, pot a/hes, wines, vinegar, or Jpirits called Aqua Vitae, or brandy wine, /hall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any /hip or /hips, vejfel or vejfels, but in finch os do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof, or fome of them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof the mafler and three-fourths of the mariners at leaf are Englifh; and that no currants or commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture, of any of the countries, ifands, dominions, or territories, to the Ottoman or Turkifh empire belonging, /hall be imported into any Gf the fore-mentioned places in any /hip or ve/Jel but which is of Englifh built, and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only filch foreign /hips and vejfels as are of the built of that country or place of which the faid goods are the growth, production, or manufacture r effectively, or of fucb port where the faid goods

can

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 84.  293

can only be, or mojl ufually are firjl /hipped for tranfportation, and whereof the mafer arid threerfourths of the mariners at leafl are of the faid country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of fioip and goods: and whereas feveral of the articles in the /aid aft, and here-in-before particularly enumerated., being the growth or production of fome of the places or countries within the Levant or Mediterranean feas, cannot be now imported direftly from thence in Britifh veffcls, without great hazard of capture by the enemies, and much expence of infurance to the merchants trading to this kingdom ; and it has been found neceffary, during the continuance of hoflilities between this kingdom and any of the poivers ivitb ivhich this kingdom is at prefent at war, by temporary laws which are now in force, to fufpend in fome degree the firift regulations preferibed by the J'aid recited aft; and it is further expedient, for the encouragement of trade and the increafe of the publick revenue to permit, for a limited time under certain re-Jlriftions, various articles of the growth, production, or mamfafture tf/'Turkey or Egypt, and other goods and commodities which are enumerated in the before recited aft, which are of the growth, pro-duft, or manufacture of places or countries zvithin the Sfreights or Levant feas, to be imported into this kingdom in foreign vejfels, although such goods are not /hipped and brought direftly from the place or country of their growth, production, or manufacture*, or from the ports or places from zvbence such goods are or ufually have been firjl /hipped for tranfportation : may it therefore pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be enabled; and be it enaded by the King's mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, Perfons free of from and after the patting of this ad, it (Trail and may be lawful the Turkey for any perfon or perfons admitted into and made free of the  $

company of merchants of England, trading into the Levant feas,  jfave  *

commonly called or known by the name of The Turkey Company, been hereto-to import into Great Britain any goods or commodities which fore imported have heretofore ufually been imported from Turkey^ or Egypt, or ^ro^n T from any place within the dominions of the grand leignior within Oiips built*in, the Levant feas, in any (hip or veil'd built in or belonging to or belonging Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to law, or in any to Great Bri-fhip or veil'd belonging to any kingdom or (fate in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, navigated by foreign feamen, ^amity^with from any port or place whatloever, upon payment of the fame his Majesty. duties, if imported into Great Britain in Britijh-built (hips, as the like goods would be fubject and liable to if imported in Bri~ iifij fhips diredly from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture; but if such goods ihall be imported in any foreign-built fhip or yeffel, then and in such cafe the goods fo imported (hall be fubjed to the duties which such goods would have been fubjed and liable to if this ad had not been made ; any thing in the faid recited ad3 or any other ad or ads of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IL Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the entry to authority aforefaid. That no entry (hall be fuffered to pafs at the pafs at the

V 3  cuftom  cuftom houfe

importer is free of the Turkey company, & c.

in the Sir eights or Levant of the grand feignior, or for

294 Annoxegni tricefimo feptimo Georgii IJI. c. 84. £1796,, untilacerti- cuftom houfe for any such goods of the growth, produdfion, or

duceVthntthe manu^a^ure> Turkey or Egyft^ or of any of the dominions of the grand feignior, as before the palling of this ad! might be imported only from such ports or places leas as are within the dominions

any drugs which would have been liable to the payment oi treble duties when not imported diredily from the place of their growth or production, and which, by the authority of this adt, are permitted to be imported in manner aforesaid, until the perfon importing or entering the fame fh • 11 produce to the collector or other proper officer of his Majeliy’s cuftoms at the port of importation, a certificate under the band of the colledior of the duties for the faid 'Turkey company, certifying such perfon is free oi the faid company, and that he has paid the duties impefed on such goods by the faid company, and has conformed, in all refpedts, to the rules and regulations of the faid company relative thereto.

III. And it is hereby further enadicd by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the palling of this adr, any goods or commodities which have been heretofore ufually imported from

Goods heretofore import ed from any port

within the {freights of Gibraltar, except such as might be imported only from the dominions of the grand feignior, may be imported

ofEurope any port or place in Europe within the freights of Gibraltar, except luch goods or commodities as might heretofore be imported only from such ports or places as are within the dominions of the grand feignior, (hall and may, during the continuance of this act, be imported and brought by any perfon or perfons what-foever into Great Britain, from any port or place whatfoever not being within the dominions of the grand feignior, in any fhip or veflel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland^ navigated according to law, or in any fhip or-veflel belonging to any kingdom or date in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, from any place navigated with foreign feamen, upon payment of the fame duties,

not being within those dominions, &rc.

Goods which have been warehoufed, may be taken

if imported into Great Britain in Briujh-built fhips, as the like goods would be fubjedl and liable to if imported diredily from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture, except drugs, which, if imported by any perfon or perfons not free of the Turkey company, fhalj be liable to the like duties as they would have been liable to if not imported diredtly from the place of their growth and production, if this adb had not been made; and if any such goods {hall be imported in any foreign-built fhip or veflel, then and in such cafe the goods fo imported (hall be fubjedt to the duties which such goods would have been fubjedt and liable to by law if this adi had not been made; any thing in the faid recited adt, or any other ac! or adts, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV. And ivbereas certain goods and commodities as aforesaid, imported in the manner herein-before mentioned\ have been permitted by his Majesty in council to be landed and warehoufed, Jubjedl to such duties and regulations as Jhall be impofed and made by parliament refpefiing the fame: be it further enadted, That it lhall and may be lawful to take all such goods and commodities out of any warehoufe in which the fame lhall have been lodged or depofited,

upon

1796.] Annoregnitricefimo feptirno G'eorgii III. c. 85.  295

upon payment of the like" duties, and fubjedt to the fame rules out under the arid regulations, as such goods and commodities would have ^^u^ons been liable unto, if they had been imported by virtue of this adf.

V. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-faid, That this adt (hall continue and remain in full force until of ^Jnuance three months after the conclufion of the prefent war.

CAP. LX XXV.

An adt to amend fo much of an aft, made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled:, An act for the relief of debtors, with refpedt to the imprifonment of their peribns ; and to oblige debtors, who (hall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the adt, to make difeovery of, and deliver upon oath, their eftates, for their creditors benefit, as relates to the weekly films thereby directed to be paid to prifoners in execution for debt, in the cafes therein mentioned.— [June 19,

1797*]

WHEREAS by an adt, paffed in the fecond year of the reign ^/'Preamble.

his late majefly King George the Second, intituled, An adt % Geo. z. for the relief of debtors with refpedt to the imprifonment of their c. %%. and perfons, it was, among other things, enabled. That prifoners charged in execution for any debt or debts under the fum therein mentioned, who. Jhould make an alignment of their ejlate and effects for the benefit of their creditors, in the manner therein fpecifed, Jhould be entitled to be difcharged, or to have an allowance, not exceeding the fum of two Ihillings and four-pence per week, to be made to them by such of their creditors charging them in execution, as Jhould infift on their being detained in prifon ; which adt ivas by feveral fubfequent acts amended and continued until the firji day of June one thatfand seven hundred and fifty- nine : and whereas, by an adt, pafifed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An adt for the relief of debtors with refpedt to 32 Geo. 2. the imprifonment of their perfons; and to oblige debtors who Cl recited fliall continue in execution in prifon beyond a certain time, and for fums not exceeding what are mentioned in the adt, to make difeovery of, and deliver upon oath, their eftates, for their creditors benefit; it is, amongjl other things, enadied. That, from and after the fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, if any perfoti or perfons Jhould be charged in execution for any fum or fums of money not exceeding, in the whole, the fum of one hundred pounds, or on which execution or executions there Jhould remain due a jum or Jams of money not amounting to above the faid fum of one hundred pounds, and jhould be minded to deliver up to his or their-creditor or creditors, who foould fo charge him, her, or them, in execution, all his, her, or their ejlate and effects, for or towards the fatisfadtion of the debt or debts wherewith he, foe, or they Jhould fa ft and charged, it fjould and might be lawful to and for any such prifoner or prifoners to exhibit such petition to Juch court of law, and to carry on Juch proceedings thereon as in the faid left mentioned adt < . .  U  4  are

 DOgle

i()6

From July 5> 3797, lb much of laft recited a<5t as relates to weekly allowances, repealed,

Prifoners entitled to such allowance, may apply to the court to have it en-creafed, <Scc»

Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii TII. c. 85. [1796.

ore particularly fpecified and fet forth ; and that the- fever a I requi-ftes contained- in the faid aft, having been complied with on the part of such prifoner or prifoners as therein mentioned, it Jhould and might be lawful for such court, by rule or order thereof immediately to caufe such prifoner or prifoners to be dfcharged, upon his, her, or their executing such alignment and conveyance of his, her, or their eflate and effefts in the manner therein mentioned, unlefs such creditor or creditors who Jhould have charged any such prifoner or prifoners in execution, his, her, or their executors or adminiflrators, Jhould agree, by writing, in the manner therein mentioned, to pay and allow weekly a fum not exceeding two fillings and four-pence, as any such court Jhould think ft, unto such prifoner, to be paid fo long as any fitch prifoner fbould continue in prifon, in execution at the fuit of any such creditor or creditors, with such remedy, in cafe of any failure in the payment of such weekly fum, as in the faid aft is particularly men-tionecl: and whereas it is alfo by the faid aft further enafted, that where more creditors than one Jhould charge any prifoner or prifoners in execution, and JJmild define to have such prifoner or prifoners detained in prifon, each and even such creditor and creditors Jhould only refpeftively pay such .weekly fum of money, not exceeding one Jhilling and fxpence a week, as therein mentioned: and whereas such allowance is now infuffcient for the purfrofe for which it was intended \ be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majelfy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fo much of the faid laft recited add, as relates to the amount of the feveral and refpedive fums, not exceeding two (hillings and four-pence, and one (hilling and fixpence, to be paid and allowed as aforesaid, (ball be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be lawful for all and every such prifoner and prifoners in execution for debt, on the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, who (hall be, by virtue of any rule or order of any court, entitled to receive from any creditor* or creditors any fum not exceeding the laid fum of two (hillings and four-pence, to make an application by petition to the court in the prifon whereof such prifoner or prifoners (hall remain and be charged in cuf-tody, praying that such weekly allowance be ordered to be in-creafed by virtue of this act; and that upon due notice being given to such creditor or creditors of such petition, it (hall and may be lawful for such court to hear the matter thereof, and by rule or order of such court immediately to caufe such prifoner or prifoners to be difeharged, unlefs such creditor'or creditors, his, her, or their executors, adminiflrators, or affigtis, doth or do infift upon such prifoner or prifoners being detained in prifon, and (hall agree in the manner mentioned in the faid laft-mentioned a£I, with refpebl to the allowance not exceeding two (hillings and four-pence per week, to pay and allow weekly a fum not exceeding -three (hillings and fixpence* as any such court (hall think fit,

unto

1796 ] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 86, 87. 297

unto such prifoner, to be paid at and for such time or times, and under and fubje£t to the like regulations as in the faid a£f are exprefled with refpect to the faid allowance not exceeding two {hillings and four-pence per week.

IIL And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where any ^ee^r^c^' perfon or perfons, charged in execution for debt at any time or difcharge^ times from and after the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven under laft rehundred and ninety-seven, would have been entitled to be dif- cited ad if not charged under the provifions of the faid a6t iaft-mentioned, unlefs their creditor or creditors would agree as therein inen~ may be dif-tioned to pay and allow a weekly fum not exceeding two (hillings charged, un-and four-pence to such prifoner, as any such court as is therein lefs creditors mentioned (houid think fit, it (hall and may be lawful for such aSree t0 PaY court, by rule or order thereof, immediately to caufe the faid cxcSdimr 3s prifoner or prifoners to be difcharged, upon such prifoner or pri- weekly. * foners executing such alignment and conveyance of his or her eftate and effects as is therein mentioned, unlefs the creditor or creditors doth or do infill upon such prifoner or prifoners being detained in prifon, and (hall agree, by writing figned in the manner in the faid laft-mentioned act, to pay and allow weekly a fum not exceeding three (hillings and fixpence, as any such court fhall think fit, unto the faid prifoner or prifoners, to be paid at such time and times, and in such manner, and upon the fame terms and conditions, and under the fame rules and regulations in every refpe£f, as in and by the faid a<5t is provided with refped to the allowance thereby directed to be made.

IV\ Provided always,, and be it enacted, That where more Whfre more creditors than one (hall have already charged, or fhall at any crec,!t<?-rl?tIian

,  r  1  rJ  r-tm  r  oy  One lfihft Oil 1

time or times hereafter, from and after tne laid fifth day of July debtor’s de-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, charge, under tention, they and by virtue of the faid laft recited a£t, any perfon or perfons are to in execution, and fhall defire to have such prifoner or prifoners j^eed^^s detained in prifon, each and every such creditor and creditors weekly. °

(hall refpediveiy pay such weekly fum of money only, not exceeding two (hillings, on every Monday in every wqck, to or for such prifoner or prifoners refpe&ively, as the court before whom any such prifoner or prifoners fhall be brought up to be difcharged, under the powers, authorities, and diredions, contained in the faid laft recited ad, fhall, at the time of his, her, or their being remanded, on such note for the payment of the weekly fum ordered to be paid, as in the faid laft recited ad is required and provided being given, dired or appoint.

C A P. LXXXVL

An ad for amending an ad, patted in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled. An ad: for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramlgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleanfmg, amending, and preferving, the haven of Sandwich, in the fame county.—[June 19, 1797.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An ad for paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, watering, improving, and keeping in repair, Great Tower Hill; and for removing and preventing nuiiances and annoyances within the fame.—[June 19, 1797-]

Truftecs

29S Anno regui tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 88—90. [1796.

Truftees appointed. Truftees may appoint officers. Not lefs than five tfuftees to a<51. Power to improve Great Tower Hill, within the following limits; from the weft end of Poftern Row, by the outfide of the foot pavement, northward to the fouth end of Cooper’s Row, and from thence by the outfide of the foot pavements to be made before the intended in-clofure in the front of the Trinity Houfe, to the entrance into Mufcovey, and from thence by the outfide of the foot pavement running fouthward by the end of Barking Alley, to the north eaft end of TowcPStreet, and from thence eaftward in the line of the prefent: bar to Tower Ditch, and from thence by the fide'of the faid ditch to the weft end of Poftcrn Row aforefaid. ldeferving the right of his Majesty and the city of London to Tower Hill. Truftees may contract for paving, &c. Rates not to exceed 2.S. 6d. in the pound- This a<5t not to extend to the foot pavements in the front of the houfes on Tower Hill. Truftees may borrow 2.,5ool. by annuities or at intereft. Treafurer and collector to account.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An to alter, amend, and render more effc<5lual, an a<5t made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Seeond, intituled, An a<ff for the effedfual draining and prefervation of Water-beach Level, in the county of Cambridge, and to eftablifh an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the faid manor; and.alfo to raife a further fum of money for the improvement and fecurity of the faid level.— [June 19^ 1797-]

C A P. LXXXIX.

An a<5t to amend and render more effe<5tual an adf, made in the thirty-third year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An a<5t for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Ifle of Ely and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall river fouth, Plant Load and Brandon river north, bounded on the weft by the river Oufc, and on the eaft by Winter Load, Earfwell Brook, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain fen lands, lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Inverted Lands, fo far as-relates to the feveral fen lands and low grounds lying in the fir ft diftrid dt-feribed in the faid act; and alfo, to amend and render more effectual an a<5t, paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the faid firft recited aft.—[June 19, 1797.]

C A P. XC.

An aft for granting to bis Majefly certain Jlamp duties on the feveral matters therein mentioned, and for better fecuring the duties on cert if cates to be taken out by folicit or s, attornies, and others, pradifmg in certain courts of jujlice in Great Britain.— [June 22, 1797.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TI7E, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds the com-VV mons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as (hall be adequate to the increafed charge occafioned by any loan to be raifed, or dock to be created, by virtue of any aft or ads for that purpose to be paffed in this feffion of parliament.

1796.J Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgn III. c. 90,  299

ment, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned; and do moil humbly befeech your Majeffiy that it may be enadled ; and be it enadfedby the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiiituai and temporal, and common?, in this prefent parliament alle'mbled., and by the authority of the fame, That there (hall he railed, levied, cohered, and ttuMoi-paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britov?, upon every fkin, lowing Ramp or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, on duties to bo which any of the feveral matters herein-after mentioned (hall, Paids from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, be engrofted, printed or written, the refpedtive damp duties following ; that is to fay,

On admiffloti

Any entry, minute, or memorandum, of any admillion into any corporation or company in the court hook, roll, or record, of fuel) company? corporation or company, the fum of four (hillings:  jnns Qf courf.

Any admifiion into any of the inns of courc, or inns of chan- or inns of * eery, the fum of four pounds :  chancery.

Any admillion into any of the four inns of court, the further four inns of fum of four pounds and two (hillings' over and above thefaid lad- °f court, mentioned fum of four pounds :

Any admittance, or indrument for admitting, of any fellow of anAon acI" the college of phyficians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, ^jiowVf the proefor, notary, or other officer in any court whatfoever in Great college of Britain, (not being an annual officer in the court of any corpo- phylidans, or ration or inferior court, whose office is under the# value of ten or an „att0.r“ pounds per annum in falary, fees, and perquilites), the lum of anyVo”ui*t11 eight pounds:

Any agreement for which the damp duties of fix (hillings and Agreements, of one (hilling are charged by two a6ts of the twenty-third and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majedy, the fum.of three (hillings :

Any award, the fum of five (hillings:  Awards.

Any beneficial warrant or order under the fign manual of his Beneficial Majedy, his heirs or lucccfibrs, the fum of twelve (hillings and wailants> fixpence :

Any bill of exchange, draft, or order for the payment of money °J on demand, for which any da mp duty is charged by an a61 of  0^#.

the thirty-fird year of the reign of his prefent Majedy, where the demand, fum exprefied therein (hall amount to forty (hillings and (hail not exceed five pounds and five (hillings, the fum of one penny; and where such fum (hall exceed five pounds and five (hillings and (hall not exceed thirty pounds, the fum of two-pence; and where such fum (hail exceed thirty pounds and (hall not exceed fifty pounds, the fum of thice-pence ; and where such fum (hall exceed fifty pounds and (hall not exceed one hundred pounds, the fum of four-pence ; and where such fum (hall exceed one hundred pounds and (hall not exceed two hundred pounds, the fum of fixpence :  Bills of ex-

Any bill of exchange, draft, or order, payable other wife than change, &c. on demand, where the fum exprefied therein, or made payable

thereby, <jcmand.'

3°°

Bills of exchange exceeding iocl

Bills oflading. Bonds.

Anno regni tricefima feptimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.

thereby, (hall amount to forty (hillings and (hall not exceed thirty pounds, the fum of two-pence; and where such fum (hall exceed thirty pounds and (hall not exceed fifty pounds, the fum of three-pence ; and where such fum (hall exceed fifty pounds and (hall not exceed one hundred pounds, the fum of four-pepce ; and where such fum (hall exceed one hundred pounds and fhall not exceed two hundred pounds, the fum of fixpence:

Any bill of exchange whatfoever, where the fum exprefled therein, or made payable thereby, (Itall exceed two hundred pounds, the fum of eight-pence :

Any bill or note of lading which fhall be figned for any goods or merchandizes to be exported, the fum of one (hilling : Any bond given as a fecurity for money, the amount whereof (hall not exceed one hundred pounds, the fum of three (hillings ; where the amount (hall exceed one hundred pounds and (hall not amount to five hundred pounds, the fum of ten (hillings ; where the amount (hall be of the value of five hundred pounds or upwards, the fum of fifteen (hillings ; where the amount (hall be of the value of one thousand pounds or upwards, the further fum of ten (hillings; where the amount (hall be of the value of two thousand pounds or upwards, the further fum of one pound ; where the amount (hall be of the value of five thousand pounds or upwards, the further fum of two pounds :

Any bond not hereby otherwife charged, except bail bonds, and alignments thereof, and except bonds exempted from the duties on, (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, by an a<5t pa (led in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Ma-jefty, for the relief of the coafi: trade of Great Britain, and for exempting certain coafi: documents from damp duties; and alfo except bonds given by executors and adminiftrators, where the eftate to be adminiftered (hall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds ; and bonds to be given by the widow of any common foldier or Teaman dying in his Majefiy’s fet vice, on obtaining any probate of a will, or letters of adminiftration of any eftate, the fum of three (hillings:

Any certificate or debenture for drawing back any cuftoms or duties, or any part of any cuftoms or duties, for or in refpeft of the refhipping or exporting of any goods or merchandize from r .. .  -  Great  Britain, the fum of two (hillings:

0 ationo, rc. ^ny co]]ation to be made by any archbifhop, or other bifhop, or any prefentation or donation which (hall pafs the great feal of Great Britain, or which (ball be made by any patron whatfoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotion whatfoever, the fum of fix pounds:

Any conveyance, furrender of grants or offices, releafe, or other deed whatfoever, which (hall be enrolled of record in any court whatfoever, or by any cuftos rotulorum, or clerk of the

Bonds.

Certificate for drawbacks.

to benefices.

Deeds enrolled of record.

Copies of wills. Copies of deeds.

peace, the fum of ten (hillings :

Any copy of any will, the fum of three-pence :

Any copy, purporting to be a true copy, or attefled to be a true copy, of any indenture, leafe, or other deed, or any part

thereof.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 90.  301

thereof, for the fecurity or ufe of any perfon, other than the per-fon having or being entitled to the cuftody of such indenture, leafe, or other deed, the fum of fix (hillings and eight-pence:

Any difpenfation to hold two ecclefiaftical dignities or bene- Difpenfations. flees, or both a dignity and benefice, or any other difpenfation or faculty, from the lord archifhop of Canterbury, or the mafterof the faculties for time being, the fum of ten pounds:

Any exemplification whatsoever that (hall pafs the feal of any Exemplifica-court, the fum of one pound :  tions.

Any grant or letters patent under the great feal 0f Great Bri- Grants or let-tain, or the feal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancajler, or ters Pa^nt» or of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchife, liberty, or privi— tkfnsthereof lege, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or any exemplification of the fame, the fum of eight pounds:

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any Grants parting fum of money exceeding one hundred pounds, which (hall pafs^F g^at or the great feal, or privy feal (not dire&ed to the great feal), the ea * fum of fix pounds:

Any grant of lands in fee, leafe for years, or other grant of Grants palling profit not herein particularly charged, that (hall pafs the great ^ ggf the^ex feal, the feal of the exchequer, the feal of the duchy or county chequer, &c.~ palatine of Lancajler, or privy feal, (not dire&ed to the great feal), the fum of fix pounds :

Any grant of any office or employment which (hall be above Grants of the value of one hundred pounds per annum, the fum of fix pounds; °®ce* which value (hall be calculated on the amount of the falary, fees, and perquifites appertaining to such office or employment within the year:

Any indenture, leafe, or other deed, not hereby otherwife Indentures,

charged, for which a (lamp duty of one (hilling is payable by lea^es>

virtue of an a£f, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his

prefent JVIajefty, (except indentures for binding parilh or charity

children apprentices), the fum of three (hillings :

Any inftitution or licence that (hall pafs the feal of any arch- Inftitutions or

bilhop or biflhop, chancellor or other ordinary, or any eccleliafti-**cences*

cal court whatfoever in England, or any writ or inftrument for

the like purpose, with any such inftitution or licence that (hall

be parted or made by any prefbytery or other fpiritual power in

Scotland, the fum of fifteen (hillings:

Any inventory or catalogue of any furniture, goods, or effedfs, Inventories

made with reference to any agreement, or for the fecurity of any °fgoods> fur-r  °,  .  5  ,  r  r  ^  mture, &c.

perfon not hereby otherwile cnarged, the (urn or two millings

and fixpence:

Any letters of mart, the fum of fifteen (hillings :  Letters of

Any matriculation of a perfon in either of the two univerfities mart* in England, the fum of four (hillings :  Matriculati-

Any pardon (except the general circuit or Newgate pardons) of or for any crime or offence, or of any fum of money or for- parJons feiture whatfoever, or any warrant of reprieve or relaxation fromr any pecuniary fine or forfeiture exceeding one hundred pounds, or from any corporal punilhment, the fum of fix pounds:

Any



3°2

Paffports.

Probates.

Notes to bearer on demand re -i flu-able where fir ft ifi'ued.

Notes to bearer on demand re-ifiu-able at anyplace.

Notes to bearer payable otherwise than on demand.

Notes exceeding 2ocl.

Protefts.

Annoregni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c, 90. [1796.

Any paffport, the fum of one (hilling :

Any prbbate of a will or letters of adminiftration for any eftate of or above the value of three hundred pounds, the Turn of two pounds and ten (hillings ; where the eftate is of or above the value of fix hundred pounds, the further fum of one pound and ten fh tilings; and where the efiate is of or above the value of one thousand pounds, the further fum of two pounds; and where the efiate is of or above the value of two thousand pounds, the further fum of four pounds; and where the efiate is of or above the value of five thoufimd pounds, the further fum of five pounds ; and where the eftate is of or above the value of ten thousand pounds, the further fum of five pounds:

Any promifibry note, or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which may be re-ifiiiable from time to time after payment at the place where the fame was firftiflued, but not otherwife, where the fum exprefied therein, or made payable thereby, (hall amount to forty finillings, and fhall not exceed five pounds and five (hillings, the fum of one penny ; and where such fum (hall exceed five pounds and five (hillings, and fhall not exceed thirty pounds, the fum of two-pence ; and where such fum fhall exceed thirty pounds, and (hall not exceed fifty pounds, the fum of three-pence ; and where such fum fhall exceed fifty pounds, and fhall not exceed one hundred pounds, the fum of four-pence; and where such fum fhall exceed one hundred pounds, and fhall not exceed two hundred pounds, the fum of (ixpence:

Any promifibry note, or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which may be re-ifiued from time to time after any payment at the fame place or any other place than where the fame was firft ifiued, where the fum exprefied therein or made payable thereby fhall amount to forty (hillings, and fhall not exceed five pounds and five (hillings, the fum of twopence; and where such fum fhall exceed five pounds and five Ihillings, and fhall not exceed thirty pounds, the fum of four-pence :

Any promifibry note, or other note payable otherwife than to the bearer on demand, where the fum exprefied therein, or made payable thereby, fhall amount to forty finillings, and fhall not exceed thirty pounds, the fum of two-pence; and where such fum (hall exceed thirty pounds, and fhall not exceed fifty pounds, the fum of three-pence; and where such fum fhall exceed fifty pounds, and fhall not exceed one hundred pounds, the fum of four-pence; and where such fum fhall exceed one hundred pounds, and fhall not exceed two hundred pounds, the fum of fixpence :

Any promifibry note, or other note payable on demand, or otherwife, where the fum exprefied therein, or made payable thereby, fhall exceed two hundred pounds, the fum of eight-pence :

Any proteft or other notarial ad whatever, the fum of two (hillings:

Any

;d by 

1796*] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 90.  303

Any recognizance, ftatute ftaple or ftatute merchant, the fum of ten (hillings:

Any regifter, entry, teftimon^l, or certificate of any degree Recogni-taken in either of the two univerfities in England, the lum of two zanccs* pounds:

Any regifter, entry, teftimonial, or certificate of any degree Regifters, &c. in any inn of court, the fum of fourteen pounds^  ^he^univerfi11

Any furrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or ties j?ng_ tenement, (except such copyhold land or tenement as fhall not land, ditto in exceed the clear yearly value of twenty {hillings ; and alfo except inns of court, the original furrender to the ufe of a will), or any grant or leafe Surrenders of, by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor, (other than the court roll or book wherein ifoids.t0,C°^^ the proceedings of the court are entered and enrolled), the fum of three (hillings :

Any copy of any furrender of, or admittance to, any cuftom Copy of fur-right or tenant right eftate, not being copyhold, which fhall pafs ^d^ttance01* by furrender and admittance, or by admittance orfty, and which e^tes not (hall not pafs by deed (except such cuftom right or tenant right copyhold, eftates as fhall not exceed the clear yearly value of twenty (hillings), the fum of three (hillings:

Any transfer of ftock in any company, fociety, or corporation, Transfer of (except the companies of the governor and company of the bank ft°ck-of England, and of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seasy and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery), the fum of ten {hillings:

Any writ of covenant for levying a fine, or any writ of entry for fuffering a common recovery, the fum of fifteen (hillings :  ing n€S*

Any appeal from the courts of admiralty either in England or Scotland, the court of arches, or the prerogative courts of Canter- admiralty, bury or York, the fum of fix pounds:  8cc.

Any anfwer exhibited in the courts of admiralty or cinque Anfwer in ports, the fum of three (hillings :  courts of ad-

Any libel, allegation, depofition, or inventory exhibited in the miralty. See, courts of admiralty or cinque ports, the fum of two (hillings and hibel in ditto, fixpence:

Any copy of any citation^ monition, or anfwer, made in the Copy of pita-courts of admiralty or cinque ports, the fum of three (hillings : tion,&c. indo.

Any copy of any libel, allegation, depofition, or inventory, CoPy °f libel, exhibited in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports, the fum of &c\inditto, two (hillings and fixpence :

Any perfonal decree, warrant, or monition, in any court of Perfonal de-admiralty or the cinque ports, or any copy thereof, the fum of cree in ditto, five (hillings:

Any fentence that (hall be given in the courts of admiralty, Sentence of either in England or Scotland, or the cinque ports exercifing ad- courts of admiralty jurildidftion, or any attachment that (hall be made out 0fmh*dy,&e. the faid courts of admiralty, or any relaxation of any such attachment, the fum of ten (hillings;

Any fentence or final decree exhibited in the courts of admi- j^ence T*a ralty or cinque ports, or any copy thereof, the fum of two (hillings;

Any

304 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgit III. c. 90. [1796

Surrenders in Scotland.

Charters, &c. in ditto.

Retours of fervice, &c. in ditto.

Saifines in ditto.

Surrenders of burgage tenure, &c, in Scotland.

Any principal or original inftrument of furrender or religna-tion of any meffuages, houfes, lands, tenements, hereditaments* tythes, mills, fifhings, and other beretable rights, or any of them, to be made to any of his Majesty’s fubje&s who are or (hall be the iuperiors thereof, or to any city, town, burgh, or corporation, or to any magiftrates or others who have power to receive such furrenders or refignations in Scotland, the fum of four (hillings and nine-pence:

Any charter or refignation, confirmation, Novo Damusy or charter, upon apprizing or adjudication made or granted by such fuperior or others as aforefaid in Scotland., the fum of four (hillings and nine-pence :

Any principal or original retour of any fervice of heirs, or any precept of Clare Conjlat of lands or tenements, holding of any fubjedf as aforefaid in Scotland, the fum of four (hillings and nine-pence:

Any principal or original faifine taken or following upon any mortgage, wadfet, heretable bond, alienation or difpofition, or upon any charter precept of Clare Conjlat, retours, apprifings, or adjudications of lands or tenements holding of any fubjedi as aforefaid in Scotland, the fum of four (hillings and nine-pence: Any principal or original inftrument of furrender or refignation, fervice, or cognition cf heirs, charter of faifine of any houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage tenure, in Scotland, the fum of four (hillings and nine-pence.

From July 5, II. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the fifth lowing dairies ^ay 7U^ one tb°u^anc^ ^even hundred and ninety-seven, there to be paid in (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Great Britain: Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, the rates and duties following; that is to fay,

Newfpapers For and upon every newfpaper, or paper containing publick id. aq.  news,  intelligence,  or  occurrences,  printed in Great Britain, to

be difperfed and made publick, whether the fame be contained in half a fheet or any lefs piece of paper, or in any paper larger than half a (heet, the fum of one penny halfpenny:

Almanacks For every almanack or calendar for one particular year, or for any time lefs than a year, the fum of four-pence.

^Uforei^n* ^ FI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing bills of ex- herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge any change.  foreign  bills  of  exchange, drawn in fets according to the cuftom

of merchants, with any additional duty higher than after the following rate ; that is to fay, Where the fum exprefted in such bills or made payable thereby (hall not exceed one hundred pounds, there (hall be charged an additional (lamp duty of twopence ; and where such fum (hall exceed one hundred pounds, and (hall not exceed two hundred pounds, an additional (lamp duty of three-pence; and where such fum (hall exceed two hundred pounds, an additional (lamp duty of four-pence: provided

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 90.  305

that every bill of each fet of such bills fo drawn fhall be charged, and every such bill is hereby declared to be chargeable, wirh the like additional duty according to the rate above mentioned.

IV.  And be it further enabled. That the duties charged on duties to he

any of the matters and things herein-before mentioned, on which  fifties

any former duty is by law payable, (hall be paid over and above ancj bc un</ the duties payable on the fame refpedively, on and immediately der the mi-before the palling of his ad; and that the faid duties hereby nagement of granted fhall be under the government, care, and management, f^ers^or11" of the commiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the ftamps, &c, duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who,

or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necelTary officers under them for that purpose; and in order to denote any of.the feveral duties payable by virtue of this ad, whenever they fee occafion to ufe such ftamps as fhall have been heretofore provided, to denote any former duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to caufe new damps to be provided for that purpose, or for the purpose of denoting the former duties, and alfo the duties granted by this ad, and to alter or renew the fame refpedively from time to time, and to do all other things neceffary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the faid feveral duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

V.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon fhall coun- Penalty of terfeit or forge, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, death for ^ any damp direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, or provided,

made, or ufed, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this ad:  *

granted as aforesaid, or any of them, or fhall counterfeit or re-femble the impreffion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majedy, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the faid duties, or fhall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any damp duty by this ad impofed, with such counterfeit damp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit,or fhall privately or fraudulently ufe any damp direded or allowed to be ufed by this ad, with intent to defraud his Majedy of the faid

duties, then every perfon fo offending, and

being

thereof law-

fully convided, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VI.  And be it further enaded, That all powers, providons, rules, methods, articles, claufes, penalties, and forfeitures, dif- p,,ffing this tiibutions of penalties arid forfeitures, and all other matters and to extend things prefcribed or appointed by any ad or ads of parliament in to the duties force at and immediately before the paffing of this ad, relating before men-to the flamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), fhall (as far as the fame are refpedively applicable) be of full force and effed with relation to the additional and other duties herein-before mentioned, and fhall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, colleding, and fecur-mg, the laid additional and other duties according to the true Vol, XLh  X  intent

tiontd.

306 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796.-

intent and meaning of this aft, as fully, to alj intents and pur-pofes* as if the fame had feverally and refpedtively been hereby re-ena£led with relation to the faid additional and other duties. Manner of VII. And be it further enabled, That the number of ftamps calculating the required to be put on any fkin, or piece of vellum or parchment* number of or (heet or piece of paper on which any indenture, leafe, bond*

ftamps to be put on indentures, &c.

Manner of calculating the number of ftamps to be put on copies of indentures,

&'C.

Proviirons of 3 7 Cieo. 3-c. 19. to extend to this adt*

or other deed hereby charged with the duty of three (hillings, or any agreement hereby charged with any duty, {hall be engroffed, written, or printed, {hall, from and after the patting of this a6t* be calculated according to the number of common law {beets, each common law (beet containing feventy-two words, of which such indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed or agreement, together with every fchedule or inftrument annexed unto or indorfement made on the fame, (hall confift in manner following; that is to fay, Where the quantity of words of which any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, or any agreement, together with such fchedule, inftrument, or indorfement, {hall confift as aforesaid, fhall not exceed fifteen such common law fheets, one or more {lamp or ftamps to denote the value of all the duties charged thereon by any former a£t or ails of parliament* and this a£l ; and where the quantity of words {hall exceed the number of fifteen common law fheets, then progreffively one or more further ftamp or ftamps of the like value for every further entire quantity of fifteen Inch common law fheets, of which any such indenture* leafe, bond, or other deed or agreement, with every fchedule, inftrument, or indorfement, as aforesaid, (hall confift: provided always, That if, after calculating the words in manner aforefaid* there (hall remain any number of words lefs in quantity than fifteen other common law fheets, no further ftamp fhall be required for such excefs above the number fo calculated.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That the number of ftamps which fhall be required to be put on any {kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, on which any copy, purporting to be a true copy, or attefted to be a true copy, of any indenture, leafe, or other deed hereby charged with duty* fhall be engrafted, printed, or written, fhall be calculated in manner following; that is to fay, Where the quantity of words of which such copy fhall confift (hall not exceed ten such common law (beets as aforesaid, one ftamp as aforefaid ; and where the quantity of words {hall exceed the number of ten common law (beets, then progreffively one further ftamp as aforefaid for every entire further quantity of ten common law fheets of which such copy (hall confift: provided always, That if, after calculating the words in manner laft aforefaid* there fhall remain any number of words lefs in quantity than ten ether common law (beets* no further ftamp (hall be required for such excels above the number fo calculated.

IX.  And be it further enabled. That all the provifions, rules* and matters, preferibed by an adt, patted in this feflion of parliament, for the more effectually fecuring the ftamp duties on indentures, kales, bonds, and other deeds^^ and not hereby altered*,

{hall

1796*] Annoregni tricefimo fepfimo Georgii III. c. 90,  307

fhall be extended, applied, and put in pradlice, for the {lamping such indentures, leafes, bonds, deeds, agreements, and copies of indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds, according to the true intent and meaning of this a6t, as fully and effectually as if the ^ fame had been re-enacted in this act; and if any attorney, folici- p"rfon*flntt tor, clerk, officer, or other perfon, fhall engrofs, print, or write, neglect to or caufe to be eng rolled, printed, or written, any agreement, or bring inltiu-any copy purporting to be a true copy, or attefted to be a true copy, of any indenture, leafe, or deed, not duly (tamped, ac-ftarrpt within cording to the directions of this act, and fhall neglect to bring the time aJ-tbe fame to be duly (tamped within the time directed and allowed lowed by (he for (damping indentures, leafes, bonds, and other deeds, /hMl^fbrfeft ^"e the faid act palled in this feffion of parliament, every such attor- 2Q] ancl the ney, folici tor, clerk, officer, or other perfon, fhall forfeit and inftrument pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any fhall be of no penalty impofed by the faid act may be recovered and applied ; ava^* and no such agreement or copy (hall be pleaded or given in evidence, or be good, ufeful, or available, in any manner whatever, unlefsjthe fame (hall be {damped as required by this act.

X.  And be it further enacted, That every perfon who (hall Perfo'ns ad-mi* adminifter the perfonal eftate of any perfon dying after the paff> nifiering

ing of this act, or any part thereof, without proving the will of [a^es^ khout the deceafed, or taking out letters of adminiftration of such per- ppoving the fonal eftate, within fix calendar months afrer the death of the will, or taking perfon fo dying, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to 01^ letters of be recovered in his Majefly’s court of exchequer at IVe/lminJler, tio'n within"fix tor offences committed in England, or in his Majesty’s court of months after exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in Scotland, by the death of adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoign,  party\ t°

privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall betouett 50 * allowed; and that one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture (hall, if filed for within the fpace of fix calendar months, be to his .

Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

XI.  And be it further enadled, That for and in refpect of For c-very-each and every copyhold tenement of the value of twenty (hillings copyhold re-per annum, or upwards, mentioned in any furrender, admittance, ^g^Vann-or copy of court roll, of any honour or manor, and each and mentioned every cuftom right or tenant right tenement, not being copy-in any furrea-hold, (of the value before mentioned), mentioned in any fur- der, &c. for render, admittance, or inftrument of admittance, whereupon a

feveral fine (hall be due or payable to the lord or lady of any c^ue) a dif-honour or manor, or a feveral fee fhall be demanded or received tindt ft amp by any fteward, or deputy ftevvard, of such honouror manor, a duty lhall be diftindt and feveral {lamp duty (hall be charged according to the amount of all the duties impofe-d thereon by this adt, and any former a61 or acts in force on and immediately before the palling of this a61.

XII.  And be it further enacted, That if any fteward or other If any officer

officer of any copyhold court, or of any cuftomary or tenant ofa copyhold right court, not being copyhold, fhall demand,- take, or receive,  a

x 2  fron)  hue for any

3°S furrender,

&c- without demanding the duty for each diftinft tenement, he ihall forfeit 2C>1. &C.

If an officer of a manor ihall receive the duties.

Annoregni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III, c. 90. [1796.

from any perfon whatever, any fine or fee for any furrender or admittance of or to any copyhold tenement, or for any grant or leafe by copy of any court roll, or for any other copy of -the court roll of any honour or manor, or for any furrender or admittance, or inftrument of admittance, to any cuftom right or tenant right tenement, not being copyhold, without at the fame time demanding and receiving the damp duty in refpedf of each fevcral and diftmdl tenement as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe every such fteward or other officer (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, and the duties which fhall be due and payable thereon, whether the fame fhall have been fo received by the fteward or other officer as aforesaid, or not, fhall be a debt to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, of the fteward or officer who fhall or ought to have received the fame ; and if the fame fhall not be received by such fteward or other officer, then the faid duties fhall alfo be a debt to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, of.the perfon or perfons to whom any eftate as aforefaid fhall pafs by force of any furrender, admit' tance, or copy, or inftrument of admittance, which fhall not be fo ftamped as aforesaid,

XIII.  And be it further enacted. That if any fteward or other officer of any honour or manor (hall receive the duties payable on any such furrender, admittance, inftrument of admittance, or and negleft to copy as aforesaid, and fhall negledi to purchafe the proper {lamps pay them for for the fame, and to pay the (lamp duty fo received to the officer three months, appointed by the commiffioners of his Majesty *s ftamp duties for adouble purpofc, for the fpace of three calendar months after he fhall the duty. fo have received the fame, every such fteward or other officer aforesaid, {hall for every such offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, and double the duty which fhall not be fo paid by him within the time aforefaid.

Perfons hav- XIV. And be it further enacled, That it fhall be lawful for ing on July 5, any perfons who fhall, on the (aid fifth day of July one thousand &c9  lbven hundred and ninety-seven, have in their cuftody or pofief-

with the old fion any velium, parchment, or paper, ftamped or marked with duties, may, any ftamp or mark, or (lamps or marks, ufed to denote any of withthe duties now payable by law on ftamped vellum, parchment, have^t (tarr.pt or PaPer’ by virtue of any act or acts in force on and imme-with the pro- diately before the palling of this act, and upon which vellum, per ltamp, or parchment-, or paper, any duty is hereby impofed in addition to exchanged; the duty now payable, at any time.within the fpace of fixty days, for perlons refid ing in England, and of four calendar months for perfons reliding in Scotland, to be computed from and after the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninery-seven, to bring or lend such vellum, parchment, or paper, to the faid commiffioners, at their faid head office, who, or their officers under them, are hereby authorifed and required, on payment of the refpediive duties by this a<5t impofed, to the receiver general of the faid duties, or to foine peifon or perfons to be authorifed by him for such purpose, to ca.ufe such vellum, parchment, or paper, to be duly ftamped and marked with the pioper ftamp or

mark*

1796*] Annoregni tricefimo fepcimo Georgii III. c. 90.  309

mark, or (lamps or marks, to denote the payment of the refpec-

tive duties hereby impofed; or at the election of the perfon or

perfons bringing such vellum, parchment* or paper, to caufe the

fame to be cancelled, and other vellum, parchment, or paper to

be (lamped with the proper (lamps of the like value with the

amount of the (lamps fo cancelled, and of the duties fo paid,

without demanding or taking directly or indirectly any fum of

money or confideration whatever (other than the duty hereby

impofed) for the fame 5 and all vellum, parchment, and paper but if not fo

(lamped or marked by virtue of any act or acts now in force as brought, in-

aforefaid, on which ajjy matter or thing fhall be engrofled, ^t'^there-

printed, or written, after the faid fifth day of July one thousand Gn to be of no

feven hundred and ninety-seven, which fhall not be brought efted:.

within the refpedtive times aforefaid to the faid head office, (hall

be, and is hereby declared to be, of no other efredl or ufe than

if the fame had not been fo (lamped ; and the matters and things

which (hall after the faid fifth day of July one thousand feven

hundred and ninety-seven, be engrofled, printed, or written

thereon, (hall he of no other effect than if the fame matters and

things had been engrolfed, printed, or written, on undamped

vellum, parchment, or paper.

XV. And be it further enabled. That no promifTory note, or No note al-other note, which by the faid a£l pafled in the thirty-firfi year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, is allowed to be again iflued tcTbe fffiaed5* under certain regulations therein contained, (hall, from and after again, fhall, the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- after July 5, feven, be again iflued after payment thereof, until the fame (hall  beTo

have been brought to the faid head office to be (lamped.with a pr0perjy proper (lamp in the manner directed by this a6l; and the faid ftampt, &c. commiffioners are hereby authorifed and required to (lamp the fame, or caufe the fame to be (lamped, on payment of the duly by this act impofed, on proof on oath or folemn affirmation before the faid commiflioners, (which oath or folemn affirmation the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter), that the fame hath not been, after payment thereof, again iflued fince the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and any such pro-miflory or other note which (hall be firft iflued or negociated after the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which may be after any payment thereof according to the regulations of the faid a£l again iflued, being alfo firfl (lamped with the proper (lamp to denote the duty by this ac5t impofed, may be again iflued from time to time in the manner allowed by the faid a£l; and all rules, regulations, duties, and Regulations of penalties preferibed or impofed by the faid a61, with refpedl to the faid a£l to the (lamping such promiflory or other notes, in order to illlie the exten t° this, fame from time to time, or with refpedl to the ifluing, or nego-ciating, or cancelling such notes, after payment thereof, (hall be applied and put in practice with refpedl to the fecuring the duties by this act irqpofed, according to the true intent and meaning of

x 3  this

filver pl.ite imported, or made in Great Britain.

310 Anno regni tricefimo feptimp Georgii III. c, 90. [1796,

this a6l, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had feverally been enacted in the body of this a6t. prom July 5, XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the faid *79?\ certain fifth day of 'July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, ties'to^be^ ^aid ^ere  raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

on ^old and ute °f h'is Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the rates or duties following; that is to fay, For and upon ail gold plate which fhall be imported or brought into, or which fhali be made or wrought within, the kingdom of Great Britain, and which fhall or'ought to be touched, affayed, and marked in Great Britain, an additional duty after the rate of eight (hillings for every ounce troy, and fo in proportion for any greater or lei's quantity ; and for and upon all filver plate, which, from and after the faid filth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-leven, (hail be imported or brought into, or which (hail be made or ’wrought within, the kingdom of Great Britain, and which (hall or ought to be touched, affayed, and marked in Great Britain, an additional duty after the rate of fixpence for every ounce troy; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

XVII.  And be it further enaefted. That the duties hereby im-pofed on gold and filver plate made or wrought in Great Britain, (hall be under the management of the faid commifiioners of (lamp duties ; and the fame fhall be railed, levied, recovered, anfvvered, and paid, in inch and the like manner, and in and by the like means, ways, and methods, by which the duties on gold and filver plate wrought in Great Britain, and granted by an a61, puffed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-ieffty, are or may be raifed, levied, recovered, and paid, and (hall be (abject and liable to all the like rules, regulations, methods, refirictions, exemptions, and penalties, as the faid former duties are fubject and liable to by any law in force on and immediately before the paffing of this a6I.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That the duties hereby

Duties on

gold and filver plate made in Great Britain to be under the management of the co mania on ere. lor Ramps.

Duties on

imP°fed on gold or filver plate imported or brought into this piaimpo,^ kingdom, fhall be under the management of the commiffioners of cuftoms in England and Scotland respectively, and (hall be managed, ascertained, raifed, levied, collected, and paid, in such

sans.

plate impor to be under the management of the

-- J J y oiRom”erS anC^  rnanner’  an^ in and by any and either of the me

ways, and methods, by which the duties of cuftoms on gold and filver wrougnt plate imported, impofed by an aCt palled in the twenty Seventh year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, were or might be managed, ascertained, railed, levied, collected, and paid *, and the faid goods, wares, or merchandize, fo by-this act made chargeable with a duty on importation, (lull be fubject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, re-firidlions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, and merchandize, were fubjedl and liable by any acl or acts in force on and immediately before the paffng of this a cl.

XiX, And be it further enacted* That, from and after the faid

From July 5.

J797 :vn addi- jay 0f jujy one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fevem tional duty of  *  J  S    J  lher|

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgi i III. c. 90.  31  x

there (hall be railed, levied, colledled, and paid, throughout the 6d. percent, kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Maiefty, *°  for

his heirs and fucceflbrs, the yearly fum of fixpence over and above from lofs by the yearlyTum of one fhilHng and fixpence now payable for every fire ; fum of one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum, that is or (hall be infured by any perfon or perfons, in or by any policy of infurance for infuring houfes, furniture, goods, wares, merchandize, or other property, from lofs by fire.

XX.  And be it further enabled, That the laid laft mentioned which duty duties on infurances hereby granted, fhall be under the manage-

meat of the faid commilfioners of (lamp duties, and the fame m<L™ofthe fhall be raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, and paid, in such commiffioners and the like manner, and in and by the like means, ways, and for (tamps, methods, by which the faid duties of one (hilling and fixpence, granted on the like infurances by an act palled in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, are or may be raifed, levied, recovered, and paid, and fhall be fubjebt and liable to all the like rules, regulations, methods, refiricftions, exemptions, and penalties, as the former duties are fubjebt and liable to by any lav/ in force on and immediately before the palling of this adb.

XXI.  And be it further enacted, That all the monies arifing Duties, except by the feveral duties herein-before mentioned, except those on ^^Id^rnd gold and filver plate imported, fhall be paid, from time to time, importedf to into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the be paid to the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who fhall pay receiver ge-the fame, the necefTary charges of railing, paying, and account- s^and ing for the fame being dedu&ed, into the receipt of the exchequer,

at such time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on the exchequer, damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid ; and the faid money fo paid into the (aid receipt as aforesaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

XXII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Duties to be monies arifing or to arife of the feveral rates or duties hereby addition granted as aforesaid, or fo much thereof as (hall he diffident, fo/defraying6 (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose the encreafed of defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan made charge occa-or dock created, or to be created, by virtue of any ad or ads

pafied, or to be pafled, in this feffion of parliament; and that the fep'l0n &<;. (aid monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be * paid into the faid receipt, didindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties paid into the faid receipt (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such encreafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever,

X 4  XXIII. And

in fin ances from lofs by fire, repealed from July 5, *797>

312 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii HI. c. 90. [1796.

XXIII.  And whereas certain Jiamp duties of fix Jhillings or of eleven fhilliigs refpeflively, are charged by feveral a£ls on every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fyeet or piece of paper, on which Jhall be cngrojfed., printed\ or written, any policy of ajfurance; and\ whereas it is expedient that the Jaid duties, as far as the fame relate to policies for infuring houfes, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire, Jhonld be repealed, and other duties Prefent duties granted in lieu thereof be it further enacted, That all the duties on policies for impofed by any a£t or acTs in force on and immediately before the puffing of this a£t, on every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, on which any policy of infgrance for infuring houfes, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire, (hall, from and after the laid fifth day of “7uly one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, ceafe and determine, fave and except always as to any arrears of the faid feveral duties which may, on the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, remain unpaid, or to any fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto, which 111 a 11 have been incurred at any time before or on the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven; and alfo lave and except the feveral powers, provifions, and remedies, for recovering the faid duties refpedively, which (hall continue to be in full force and effe-ft.

XXIV.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid to and for the ufe of his Majeftv, his heirs and fucceffors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain., the duties hereiu-after next mentioned j that is to fay,

and the duties following to be paid :

where the fum infured thall not amount to ijoooh, 3s.;

and for j - o ' ol. and upwards. 6s.;

For every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, upon which fhal! be engrolfed, written, or primed, any policy of infurance for infuring houfes, furniture, good*-, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire, where the fum infured thereon fhall not amount unto one thousand pounds, the fum of three (hillings ; and where the fum infured thereon fhall amount unto one thousand pounds, or upwards, the turn of fix (hillings :

which fhall be levied as the repealed duties.

Duties on policies to be paid into the exchequer as other (tamp duties.

Which feveral duties fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, in like manner as the duties hereby repealed were or might be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, on and immediately before-the palling of this a£t, or any duties hereby granted, may be raifed, levied, collected, or paid by virtue of this atf.

XXV.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the monies ariiing from the faid feveral rates and duties hereby granted on policies (the neceffary charges of railing-and accounting for the fame being deducted), fhall be paid into his Ma-jefty’s receipt of exchequer at IVeJlminJler, at such time and in such manner as other duties on (tamped vellum, parchment, or

paper,

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptitno Georgii III. c. 90.  3x3

paper, are diretfed to be paid, and (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

XXVI.  And, where as, by an aft paffed in the twenty-fifth year of the

reign of his prefent Alajejly, intituled, An ad for granting to his Ma- Geo. c. jelly certain duties on certificates, to be taken out by folicitors, 8o’ ieateu' attornies, and others, pradifing in certain courts of juftice in Great Britain ; and certain other duties with refped to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or filed on record, as therein mentioned ; certain duties were granted on certificates to be taken out by any folicitor, attorney, notary, proftor, agent, or procurator, of his admifion, enrolment, or regijler, in any of the courts therein mentioned: and whereas, for the avoiding frauds, // is expedie?it that the certificates Jhall be taken out only at the head office of fiamps ; be it further enaded, That, from and after the firft day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTeven, every perfon ad- From Nov. r, mitted, fvvorn, enrolled, or regiftered, a folicitor, attorney, notary, folidtoi^&c proctor, agent, or procurator, in any of his Majesty’s courts at jn the courts* IVeJhninfer, or in any ecclefiaftical court, or in any of the courts at Weftmin-of admiralty or cinque ports, the great feliions in Wales, or in andeer-any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court in that tain ?tllnr 1t

7 r ~  -n  •  11  t  /  ;  1  1  i-  ,  1  1  COUl'tS, til all

part oi Great Britain called England holding pleas, where the between Nov. debt or damage (hall amount to forty (hillings or more, (hall an- i. and the end nually, between the firft day of November and the end of Michael- ofMichaelmas mas term then next following, during such time as he (hall con- ^u^i^de-tinue fo to pradtife in any of the faid courts, or before such perfon jjver at the (hail commence, carry on, or defend, any adion or fuit, or any head office proceedings whatfoever in any of the faid courts, deliver in to the f°r ftHmPs a commiffioners appointed to manage the duties on ftamped vellum, j^hisname* parchment, and paper, or to their officer or officers appointed by aijd abode, in them, at the head office of ftamps in AJiddlefex, a paper or note, order to ob-in writing, containing the name and ufual place of refidence ofa certifi-fuch perfon ; and thereupon, and upon payment of the duties by cate* the faid ad impofed, according to the place of his refidence deferred in such paper or note, in writing, every such perfon {hall be entitled to a certificate, duly ftamped, to denote the payment of the duty by the faid ad impofed, according to the place of refidence deferibed as aforefaid: which certificate the faid com-miffioners, or such perfon or perfons who {hall be appointed by the faid commiffioners, {hall caufe to be immediately iflued, under the hand and name of the proper officer, in such form as the faid commiffioners lhall devife.

XXVII.  And be it further enaded, That every certificate fo Certificates to

to be obtained as aforesaid, lhall be entered in one of the courts ^^the^ro in which the perfon deferibed therein lhall be admitted, enrolled, ^er officer of {worn or regiftered, with the refpedive officer or officers of the the court, faid courts, appointed by the faid ad to grant certificates of en- who lhall be rolment, admiffion, or regifter, within the time herein-before  for

preferibed, or before such perfon fhall be permitted to pradife as

aforefaid ; and the faid refpedive officers fhall, and they are hereby refpedively required, from time to time, upon payment of the fee pf one {hilling, to enter in alphabetical order the names of the

perfons

;i4 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1796,

perfcms defcribed in such refpe&ive certificates, together with the places of such their refidence as aforesaid, and the refpe&ive dates of such certificates, in books or rolls to be prepared for that pur-pofe, to which books or rolls in the faid courts refpedtively, all perfons fliall and may at feafonable times have free accefs without fee or reward.

XXVIII.  And be it further enadfed, That every certificate iffued by virtue of this adt, between the fir ft day of November in any year, and the end of the then next Michaelmas term, final I bear date on the fecond day of November in such year; and every certificate iffued at any other time, (hall bear date on the day on which the fame dial! be iffued ; and every such certificate fliall ceafe and determine on the firft day of November then next following.

XXIX.  And be it further enacted. That every certificate or which (hall be granted at any time before the firft

fhaU  day  November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

that day; and by virtue of the faid Recited adt, and in the manner therein men* on such certificates delivered to be cancelled, an allowance of duty in pro-

Books of entry may be in-fpedted gratis

When such certificates fhall bear date, and when determine.

Certificates

tioned, fhall ceafe and determine on the firft day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and any perfon who (hall deliver any certificate granted after the firft day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to be. granted before the firft day of November one thousand seven hun-

period un expired to be allowed.

wrind^in ^ dfed ninety-seven, and then in force, to the faid commiftioners at their faid office, or to any perfon appointed by them to receive the fame, to be cancelled, (hall be entitled to an allowance of duty in proportion to the period then unexpired of the time for which such certificate was granted ; which allowance the faid com-miffioners or their refpedfive officers are hereby authorifed and required to compute and pay to the perfon delivering such certificate to be cancelled, and the fame maybe paid out of any duties in their hands, or in cafe any of the perfons bringing any certificate to be cancelled, (hall require a new certificate for the enfuing year, then to dedudf the fame out of the,duties to be paid for such new certificate.

XXX.  And be it further cnacled, That, from and after the firft day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety- -seven, if any perfon (hall in his own name, or in the name of any other perfon or perfons, fue out any writ or procefs, or commence, profecute, carry on, or defend, any adfion or fuit or any proceedings in any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, fee, or reward, or fhall do any adt in any of the faid courts as an attorney, folicitor, notary, prodtor, agent, or procurator, of such court, without obtaining a certificate in the manner herein-before diredied, or without entering the fame in one of the courts aforesaid, wherein such perfon (hall be admitted, enrolled, (worn, or regiftered, as folicitor, attorney, notary, proeftor, agent, or procurator, or (hall deliver in to any perfon at the faid head office, any account, containing a place of refidence as the place of his refidence, contrary to the directions of the faid of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of hisjarefent Majesty

aforefaid*

Penalty for aCting after Nov. 1, 1797, without a certificate, or Without entering it, or for delivering in a place of refidence contrary to the directions of 25 Geo. 3. c. 80.

Most< 

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo* Georgii III. c. 90,  315

aforefaid, with intent to evade the payment of the higher duties of five pounds, by the faid aft impofed, every such perfon (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, and (hall be apd is hereby made incapable to maintain or profe-cute any aftion or fuit in any court of law or equity, for the recovering any fee, reward, or difburfement, on account of profe-cuting, carrying on, or defending any aftion, fuit, or proceeding, or having profecuted, carried on, or defended, any aftion, fuit, or proceeding, or any matter or thing relating thereto, without such certificate as aforefaid.

XXXI.  And be it further enafted, That every perfon admitted, From Nov.^i» fworn, enrolled, or regidered, in any of the faid courts as afore- negtaing0^^ faid, who, from and after the faid fil'd day of November, (hall obtain certifi-negleft to obtain his certificate thereof, in the manner before cates for a directed, for the fpace of one whole year, (hall from thenceforth be incapable of praftifing in his own name, or in the name of any bu£ they other perfon, in any of the faid courts, by virtue of such ad- bere-admitted million, entry, enrolment, or regider; end the admiffion, entry, en- on payment of rolment, or regider of such perfon in any of the faid courts, fhall be the duty an£* from thenceforth null and void: provided always, That nothing p herein-before contained fhall be condrued to prevent any of the faid courts from re-admitting any such perfon on payment to the faid commidioners of the duty accrued fince the expiration of the lad certificate obtained by such perfon, and such further fum of money by way of penalty, as the faid court fhall think fit to order and direft : provided alfo, Thft nothing herein-before contained fhall be condrued to include within the regulations of this aft refpeft-ing such perfons as lad aforesaid, any perfon who is exempted by the provifions of the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year aforesaid, from the payment of the duty impofed thereby.

XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the Application of tenth day of October one thouland seven hundred and ninety-seven, out of the monies arifing from the rates and duties impofed by g0t from Oft. the faid lad mentioned aft of the twenty-fifth year aforesaid, after 10, 1797. the faid tenth day of  one-thousand seven hundred and

ninety-seven, the fum of three thousand fix hundred and forty-seven pounds and ten {hillings, being one fourth part of the fum of fourteen thousand five hundred and ninety pounds, the annual average produce for three years, ending the fird day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, of the rates and duties impofed by the faid lad mentioned aft, fhall, quarterly on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of JuJy\ and the tenth day of Offober^ in every year during the period of ten years, be fet apart from the remainder qf the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties; which remainder fhall, during the faid period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majedy’s exchequer, diftinftly and apart from all other branches ofthepublick revenue ; and that the faid remainder of the faid rates and duties fo paid into the faid receipt, or fo much thereof as (hall be fu (fide nr, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan to be paade by virtue of any aft or afts to be palled in this felfion

of

316 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 11T. c. 96. [1796.

of parliament; and that there {hall be provided and kept in tbe office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which the laid remainder of the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, ffiall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates or duties granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increafcd charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccdTors, upon any account whatever.

XXXUI. And whereas it is expedient that a reaf noble compenfa-tion jhould he mode to such proprietors, printers, and publifloers of newfpaper s, who flood not advance the price of their papers beyond the amount of the duty impofed thereon by this cM ; be it further enaefted. For every That for every such newfpaper, or paper containing publick news, newfpaper not intelligence, or occurrences, which (hall be fold at a price not ex-than 6jmdiere ceec^ng flxPence^ there (hall be paid an allowance, by way of dif* Hi all be a dif- count, upon the amount of all the refpedlive duties payable on count allowed newfpapers, bv any adt or aefs in force on and immediately be-°? the amount fore the pa ding of this act, and alfo by this a61, after the rate and m manner herem-after mentioned ; and that  the laid allowance

(hall in all cafes where the fame (hall be made, be in lieu of all former allowances directed to be made by any a6t or adts of parliament whatever.

XXXIV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the proprietors or printers of any newfpaper, or any of them* {hall make it appear to the fatisfadtion of the faid commiffioners of newfpaper has ft amp duties, or any three or more of them, or any officer appointed been, tor 3 by them, or any three or more of them, for such purpose, that fore ' any new^PaPer °f which such perfon or perfons is or are proprietor this a6t, lofd or proprietors, or printer or printers, hath been for the fpace of for more  than three calendar months, or longer, before the  paffing of this adt,

4d. sq.  the  ufually fold at a higher price than four-pence  halfpenny for each

beahowe'dlf newfpaper, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to make the advance  like  allowance  as  herein-after  is  mentioned  to  such  proprietors

of price be no and printers refpetftively, who fhall not advance the price of more than the their papers above their ufual price as aforesaid, more than the

of all the duties.

If the proprietor or printer fhall make it appear that a

new duty.

Perfons paying iol. at a time for duty, to be emitled to a difcount.

amount of the duty by this adt impofed thereon.

XXXV.  And be it further enadted, That any perfon or perfons who fhall bring to the head office of ftamps, to be ftamped with the refpedtive duties impofed on newfpapers as aforesaid, any paper commonly called Single Demy Paper, not exceeding in each {beet thereof twenty-eight inches in length and twenty inches in breadth, to be ftamped on each Iheet thereof; or any paper commonly called Double Demy Paper, to be (lamped on each half (beet thereof, {hall, on prefent payment at any one time of the fum of ten pounds or upwards, on account of the faid refpedlive duties, be entitled, on demand, to an allowance, by way of difcount after the rate of fi.xteen pounds per centum per annum, on the fum fo paid.

XXXVI.  And be it further enacted, That the faid commif-ers to provide fioners fhall caufe two ftamps to be provided, to denote the duties on^denoting payable on nevv/haperf, the one of which ftamps {hall alfo denote

b  *  thQ

Commiffion-



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 90.  317

the difcount to be allowed in purfuance of this ad; and all such the difcouitt paper which (hall be brought to the faid head office to be (lamp- the other* ed, on payment of the duties on newfpapers as aforesaid, and not^ whereupon the difcount hereby direded to be allowed fhall be demanded and paid, fhall be ftamped with the damp herein-be-fore direded to be provided to denote the difcount to have been allowed; and all such paper whereupon no difcount fhall be demanded and paid in purfuance of this a61, (hall be ftamped with the other of the faid ftamps : and if any perfon or perfons fhall Penalty of »oL print, or caufe or procure to be printed, any newfpaper, or the Full**" paper aforesaid, liable to the faid duties, without printing, or prjce on t^e caufing to be printed thereon, the full price at which the fame newfpaper, or fhall be fold, or fhall fell or expofe to fale, any such newfpaper felling it at a or paper aforesaid, at any greater price than the fum printed |^ater Pnc£? thereon, or fhall print, or caufe or procure to be printed, on any such newfpaper, or paper aforesaid, which fhall be ftamped with the ftamp herein-before direded to denote the difcount to have been allowed in purfuance of this ad, any price exceeding the fum allowed by this ad, and according to the true intent and meaning thereof; or fhall fell, or expofe to fale, any such newfpaper, or paper aforesaid, which fhall be ftamped with the faid ftamp to denote the difcpunt to be allowed as aforesaid, at any price exceeding the fum fo allowed, and according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, every such perfon fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

XXXVII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Where the al-

nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to limit the price of Jowance here-any paper whereupon the allowance by this ad granted fhall not jgnot de-have been demanded and paid, nor to prevent any perfon, on manded, a<3: prefent payment of the duties irppofed by any ad or ads in force not to limit on and immediately before the pafting of this ad, from receiving  n^the

the allowance of four pounds per centum thereon, in any cafe aiioVVance be-where the allowance by this ad granted fhall not be demanded jpg made of and paid.  -  4b per cent.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enaded, That if any adion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons 1

for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, then and in every  10a

fuch cafe the faid adion or fuit fhall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards ; and fhall be brought in the county or place where the caufe of adion fhall arife, and not elfewhere ; and that the defendant or defendants in such adion or fuit to be brought, may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence General iff&e* at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it fhall appear to be fo done, or if any such adion or fuit (hall be-brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought in any other county, city, or place, than as aforesaid, then, and in every such cafe, the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if upon such verdid, or if the plaintiff or plain*

$iffs fhall become nonfuked, or difeontinue his; her, or their

^vtiong

31S Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 91-—93, [1796*

aft ion, or if a verdift fhall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs* or if* upon demurrer,judgement (ball be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover .Treble colts, treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

CAP. XCI.

An aft to continue, for a limited time, an aft, made in this prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for confirming- and continuing, fora limited time, the reltriftion contained in the minute of council of the twenty-lixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payments of cafh by the bank, under certain regulations and reltriftions.—[June 22, 1797.]

CAP. XCII.

An aft to continue for a limited time an aft, made in the thirty*third year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for eftabli filing regulations refpefting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or relident therein, in certain cafes,—[June 22, 1797.]—Continued to July 1, 1799.

CAP. XCIII.

An aft to' indemnify such perfons as have omitted to obtain their certificates of enrolment, admijfion, or r eg fry, in the fever al courts of this kingdom. — [June 22, 1797*]

Preamble.

25 Geo. 3* c. 80, recited.

Perfons who have neglefted to take out certificates as required by recited aft, may take them out within three months after palling this aft, and fhall be indemnified.

T 7HEREAS m-my perfons ivho by an aft, paffied in the twenty-VV fifth year of the reign of his prefent Mojefiy, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others, praftifing in certain courts of jufti^ce in Great Britain; and certain other duties with refpeft to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or bled of record, as therein mentioned, are required to take out certificates ofi their enrolment, achnijjion, or regifry, in the courts therein mentioned, annually, ten days at lea ft before the expiration of the former certificate, have neglefted or omitted fo to aoy through abfience or fioms unavoidable accident, and without any intention to defraud^ and1 feme a ft ions have been commenced and are depending, and other aft ions ore likely to be commenced againfi such perfons to recover the penalties incurred by them: for relieving such perfons, may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for any perfon who fhall have neglected or omitted to take out his certificate at the time or in the manner required by the fa id a 61, within three calendar months after the palling of this aft, to take out a certificate, or to pay to the receiver general of his Majesty’s ftarnp duties, or to fome officer appointed by him, such fum and fums of money which fhall appear to be due in refpeft of the duty im-pofed by the faid aft ; and after that rate for such year or years, or for such portion or portions of time greater or lefs than a year,

for

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feprimo Georgii III. c. 94, 95. 319

for or during which such perfon fhall have negle&ed or omitted to take out his certificate, (the amount of which fum and lums fo to be paid fhall be afcertained and fettled by the commiffioners of his Majesty’s ftamp duties, or by fome perfon or perfons to be appointed by them under their hands, or the hands of any three or more of them, who are hereby authorifed and required to afcertain and fettle the fame accordingly) ; and every such perfon fhall, upon payment of all such fum and fums of money, be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againfi: all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities, -incurred or to be incurred for or by reafon of any neglecff or omiflion previous to the paffing of this a<t, of taking or obtaining a certificate in the manner preferibed by the faid a<51; and all acts done by any such perfon fhall be of the fame force and validity as the fame or any of them would have been if such perfon had obtained his certificate according to the directions of the faid act; and that all proceedings in any action or actions already Actions corn-commenced for any neglect or omifTion of taking out or obtain- menced for ing such certificate, (hall, in the mean time, be ffaid, and  and”°

not be further proceeded in after the faid period of three calendar not further months, againfi: any perfon who (hall have paid the duty in the proceeded In manner before directed ; and no action or actions fhall be com- aJter ^aid men-ced or profecuted for such neglect or omiflion, until after the  **

expiration of the faid three calendar months, and then only againfi: fons paying such perfon or perfons who fhall neglect to comply with the the duty, provifions of this a.6L

II.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act:, not to m-or any thing herein contained, fhall not be confirued to extend

to indemnify any perfon againfi: whom final judgement fhall have whom" final been given on or before the firfi: day of June one thousand seven judgement hundred and ninety-seven, in any action in any of his Majefiy’s fhall have been courts of record, for any penalty or penalties incurred by having by June neglected or omitted to obtain his certificate according to the * directions of the faid act.

III.  And be it further enacted, That this act fhall be deemed, Publick ad, taken, and allowed, to be a publick act; and all judges, juflices,

and other perfons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XCIV.

An ad to continue an at, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fifliery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards, taken, cured and exported.—[June 2%, 1797.]

CAP.. XCV.

An a<t to amend two ats made in the fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the fir'd year of the reign of King George the fir ft, for the prefervation of falmon and other fifh in the rivers within the counties of Southampton and Wilts.—[June  1797.]

CAP.

320 Anno regni tricefimo feplimo Georgii III.c. 96, 97. [1796.

CAP. XCVI.

An adt for amending and rendering more dfrdhial an a6l, pafTed in the thirteenth year of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An adt for the effedhial draining and prefervation of Haddenham Level in the Ille of Ely $ and for more eftedtudly draining and preferving the fen lands and low grounds lying within the laid Level.—[June %%■> 1797 ]

Preamble. Treaty with America recited.

CAP. XCVII.

An aft for carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his Majefly and the united jlates of America.—[July 4, 1797.]

WHEREAS a treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, has been concluded between his Majefly and the united Jlates of America : and whereas, by the eleventh article of the faid treaty, it is agreed between his Majefly and the united Jlates of America, that there Jhould be a reciprocal and entirely perfeft liberty of navigation and commerce between their refpefttve people, in the manner, under the limitations, and on the conditions fpecified in the following articles of the faid treaty : and ivhereas, by the fifteenth article of the faid treaty, it is further agreed, that no other or higher duties Jhall be paid by the Jhips or merchandize of the cue party, in the ports of the ether, than such as are paid by the like vejfels or merchandize of all other nations; nor Jhall any other or higher duty be impofed in one country, on the importation of any articles, the growth, produce, or manufacture of the other, than are or Jhall be payable on the importation of the like articles, being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any other foreign country ; nor jhall any prohibition be impofed on the exportation or importation of any articles, to or from the territories of the iivo parties refpeftively, which Jhall not equally extend to all other nations: be it therefore enadled by the King’s moll excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Goodsmaybe affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and t^<?Unhecl°m ma^ 'oe ^awhd to imPor{: into this kingdom, clire611 y from any of States of the territories of the united dates of America, in Britijh-built America into fhips or velfeis, owned, navigated, and regillered according to Great Britain, law, or in fhips built in the countries belonging to the united

American°r ^ates A America, or any of them, or in fhips taken by any of fhips, dec.  the *hips or veffels of war belonging to the government, or any

under certain  of the inhabitants of the faid united dates, having commiffions

regulations. Gr letters of marque and reprila! from the government of the laid united dates, and condemned as lawful prize in any court of admiralty of the faid united dates, of which condemnation proof fhall be given to the fatisfaciion of the commiflioners of his Majedy’s culloms, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, and any three or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and owned by the fubjedls of the faid united dates, or any of them, and vyhereof the mailer and three fourths of the mariners at lead are fubjedls

of

321

1796.] Anno fegni tricefimo feptimo' Georgii III. c. 97.

of the faid united ftates, any goods, wares, or merchandize, the growth, production, or manufacture of the faid united dates, which are not prohibited by law to be imported from foreign countries, and to enter and land such goods, wares, and merchandize, upon payment of the duties, and fu'bjedl to the conditions and regulations hereln-after mentioned ; any law, cuf-tom, or ufage, to the contrary in hnywife rrotwithftanding.

II.  And be it further enaCted, That all such goods, wares, Goodsfoim-

and merchandize, imported into Great Britain, either in such  on^ay-

fhips, or in Britijh-built fhips, owned, navigated, and regif- mentofthe tered according to law (except such goods, wares, and mer-fame duties as chandize as are herein-after particularly enumerated or defcribed) those payable fhall and may be entered and landed, upon payment of such oorted°in^^ duties of cudoms and excife, and no higher, as are payable on, 3^^ vc/r£*Is goods, wares, and merchandize of the like denomination or de- from any othef fcription, upon their importation into this kingdom, in Britifl)- foreign counbuilt fhips, from any other foreign country ; and in cafes where  ^uties^^

different duties are impofed upon goods, wares and merchandize are different, of the like denomination or defeription, imported from different on payment foreign countries, then upon payment of the lowed duties which ot the low eft» by law are required to be paid on the importation, in Britijh-

built fhips, of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, from any foreign country, according to the fchedule and tables, marked A, D, and F, annexed to an aCI, paffed in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majedy’s reign, intituled, An aid for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties compofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or m i-nufaddurc of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; or by any other laws in force, paffed fubfe-quent to the faid aCl, touching the duties contained in the faid fchedule and tables, marked A, D, and F, fubjedf alfo, when imported in American fhips, to the countervailing duties impofed by this aCl.

III.  And, in order to encourage and promote the trade from

the united fates to this kingdom, be it further enaCled, That American pig any pig iron, bar iron, pitch, tar, turpentine, rofin, pot afn, iron, &c. may pearl alb, mahogany, mads, yards, and bowfprits, being the ^ growth, production, or manufacture of the (aid united fbtes, the'fa me ciu-an.d all daves, and unmanufactured goods and merchandize ties as those whatfoever, which are not prohibited by law to be imported payable on the from any foreign country, being the growth or production of ^ortS^n8 the faid united dates, (hall or may be imported in Britijh or Hritifh fhips American fhips, owned and navigated as herein-before required,, when accom-upon payment of such duties of cudoms and excife as are payable panied with

on the like goods, wares, and merchandize, when accompanied

...  -  ,  ,  ,  ’  .  .  r  .  certificates,

with the certificates required by law upon their importation into though not fa

this kingdom, in Britijh built fhips, from any Britijh illand or accompanied.

Vol. XLL  Y  plantation

3&2 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo' Georgii IIL c. 97, [1796.

plantation in America, notwithftanding such goods, wares, or merchandize, may not be accompanied wiih the certificates heretofore required by law, fubjedl alfo, when imported in American {hips, to the countervailing duties impofed by this adh The duties on XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon whea^^c* to t^ie ^mPortat*on into Great Britain, from the (aid united Hates be afcertained America, of wheat, wheat meal or flour, rye, barley, beer, cr according to bigg, oats, oatmeal, peafe, beans, Indian corn, and maize, the Pr^es in duties'to be paid thereon refpedlively ihall be regulated and afeer-Geo^  tained according to the prices of wheat, rye, barley, beer, or

* bigg, peafe, beans, oats, and oatmeal, in the manner fet forth and fpccified in the table marked D, in an acl, palled in the thirty-hr(l year of his Majcfty’s reign, intituled, An aft for regulating the importation and exportation of corn., and the payment of the duty cn foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britifh corn exported; any thing contained in this acl to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.  And be it further enadlcd, That all oil made from fifh, or creatures living in the fea, and blubber, whale fins, and fper-maccti, being the produce tfcf the fifheries carried on by the people of the faid united {fates of America, may be imported from the countries of the faid united ftates into this kingdom, in Britif or American (hips, owned and navigated as hereinbefore required, upon payment of such duties of cuftoms as are payable on the like goods and merchandize, upon their importation into thi» kingdom, in Britifh built (hips, from countries not under the dominion of his Majeily, fubjedt alfo, when imported in American fhips, to the countervaling duties impofed by this adl.

VI.  And be it further enadted. That any tobacco, being the growth or production of any of the territories of the faid united Hates of America, may he imported in Britijh or American fhips,

the'like^duties ownet^ and navigated as herein-before required, upon payment as from Bri- <?f the fame duties of cuifoms and excife as tobacco imported by tifli colonies Britijh fubjedts, from any Briiifo colony or plantation in America, i? 1k*^ is or may hereafter be fubjedt to; and that any fnuff, being the production and manufacture of any of the faid territories, may be imported, in manner before-mentioned, upon payment of such duties of cufioms and excife as fnuff, being the production or manufacture of Europe, imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be fubjedt to, and may be warehoufed, and again exported ; luch tobacco and fnuff to be fubjedt refpedtively nevertheless to all and fingular the regulations, re 11 ribbons, penalties, and forfeitures, relating to the importation and exportation thereof, or in a £ iy other relpedf relating thereto, of an adf, made and palTed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent l\ia-jefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff and for granting new duties in lieu thereof \ and another aCt, palled in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majesty's reign, intituled, An aft to explain and amend an aft, made in the lajl jef ion f parliament, intituled, c An aft for repealing the duties on tobacco and

American oil, <kc. may be imported on payment of the fame duties as on importation from countries not belonging to his Majtfty, in Britiih vef-iUs.

American tobacco may be fo imported on payment of

Britiih fub-jeCts; and fnuff, on the payment of the like duties asEuropean production,

1796-] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo GfioKen III. c. 97.  323

fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof ;’ or of any other a£t ftnce made relating thereto, fubjefl: alfo, when imported in American (hips, to the countervailing duties impofed by this a£l: provided always, That such tobacco (hall be accompanied with a manifeft, as by law required.

• VII. And be it further enabled, That any rice, being the American nee growth or produdlion of any of the territories of the united ^ted^nd" (fates of America, which fhall be imported diredlly from thence warehoufed, into any of the ports of Great Britain, in manner before-men- on payment tioned, may, upon the importer paying down, in ready money, of 8d. per the duty of eight-pence the hundred weight, being part of the0^’ duties now payable on the importation of rice, be landed and warehoufed, except as herein-3fter provided, under the joint locks of his Majesty and the importer, in such warehoufes as (hall be approved of for that purpose by the corn mi (boners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by the collector and comptroller of his Majesty’s cuftoms of the refpeeftive ports into which such rice fhall be imported, upon the importer’s own bond for payment of the remainder of the duties due and payable for such rice, within eighteen months, according to the net weight and quantity of such rice at the time it fhall be fo landed : provided al ways, , ,

j  7  nnH of certain

That upon the importation of any such rice into the ports of ports without London, Brijlol, Portfmouth, Cowes, Liverpool, Lancajlery Falmouth, payment of Poole, Whitehaven, Hull, Greenock, and Port Glafgow, or either any duty, of them, in the manner herein-before exprefTed, the importer conditions21111 fhall be at liberty to enter and land the fame, without payment of any duty whatever, upon condition that such rice fhall be warehoufed, under the joint locks of his Majesty and the importers, in such warehoufe or warehoufes as (hall be approved of for that purpose by the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms9 or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or by the colledlor and comptroller of his Majesty’s cuftoms of the refpedive ports where such rice fhall be imported; and that every expence attending such warehoufing ihall be borne by the faid importers; and that such importer or Importers importers or his or their known fervant, dial], from time to time, ma7 have ac~ at all feafonable hours, as occafion may require, have free accefs houfes Ware-< to such warehoufes, in the prefence of fome proper officer of the cuftoms, for the purpose of fkreenihg and (hiding the rice, to prevent it receiving damage; and that if any rice, which fhall be Rice taken fo imported from the territories of the faid united ftates into any out of ware-of the ports above-mentioned refpedfively, and warehoufed as  tor

aforefaid, fhall be taken out of the warehoufes, wherein the fame r^mptuniTto (hall be fecured under the joint locks of his Majesty and the im- pay the full porters as aforesaid, for home confumption, the full duties due duties; and payable by law, upon the importation of such iice into this kingdom for home confumption, and alfo, when imported in American fhips^ the countervailing duty impofed by this adl, fhall,

Y 2  previoufly

but may be exported, duty free, under the iuhbiting regulations within a li-

324 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1796* previoufly to its being taken out of such warehoufes, be paid to the collector of his Majesty’s cuftoms at the port where such . rice fnall be fo warehoufed, but that such importer, if he intends to export such rice, (hall have liberty to export the fame from such warehoufes reflectively, under the fame regulations under which such rice might be exported by law immediately before , the palling of this a<5t, without payment of any duty whatever: mitted %riod Prov*ded, that the exportation of any such rice, hereafter to be *  *  warehoufed under the authority of this a£t, be made within the

faid fpace of eighteen months ; but if not exported within that period, that the full duties payable by law, and alfo, when imported in American (hips, the countervailing duty impofed by this adl, fhall be paid for the fame, and not be afterwards drawn Bonds for du- back ; and that if any rice, which fhall have been imported into ties on rice any port of this kingdom, not herein-before fpecially named, ^lorts^ot^ ant^  have ^een warehoufed upon the importer’s bond, in

herein named, manner aforesaid, fhall, within the time herein before-mentioned, be tobecancelled taken out of the warehoufe wherein it fhall have been fo fecured, by deben- to foe exported diredlly from thence, the bond entered into for tailin’ t^out t^lc Payment of the faid duties thereon fhall be difeharged and of warehoufes cancelled by debenture or debentures, made out and pafied in the for ex porta- ufual manner, for the quantity or quantities of rice duly ex-tion; but ported ; and if any rice imported into any port of this kingdom, out fo^home not fiere*n'f>€f°re fpecially named, and warehoufed in manner confumption aforesaid, (hall be taken out of any such warehoufe for home the remainder confumption, the remainder of the duties due and payable by ot the duties ]aw, and a!fo, when imported in American (hips, the counter- .

vailing duty bv this act impaled, fhall previouily to its being taken out of such warehoufe, be paid to the collector ot his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms at tlie port where such rice (hall be fo warehoufed : provided, That if any rice warehoufed under the authority of this a(51 (hall remain in such warehoufe beyond the period of eighteen months, upon which the full duties due and payable by law fhall not have been paid, then in such cafe the fame fhall and may be fold for the duties, in like manner, and under the fame rules, regulations, and reilriclions as any other goods are now directed by law to be fold for the duties, and the produce applied in like manner as is directed by an act, palled in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for encouraging the tobacco trade.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing importation of herein contained (hall be conllrued to prevent the importation rice, Sc'c. du- of rice and other articles, without payment of any duty whatever, ty-free, under by virtue of an act, pa (Ted in the prefent feffion of parliament,

intituled, An aft to prohibit ike exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn and other articles of provifon, for a limited time, in any /hips whatever, without payment -of duty, and in the manner in the faid a£t mentioned, during the continuance thereof.

IX.  And be it further enadted. That all goods, wares, and merchandize, fo imported from the united itates of America,

fhall,

to be paid.

If d lilies be not paid on warehoufed rice in months it may be fold.

Act not to prevent the

3 7 Geo. . c.

Goods imported from America, on

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii Ilf. c. 97*  325

fhall, upon the exportation thereof to any foreign country, be exportation to entitled to the fame drawbacks as are or may hereafter be by law cQ^nt^^and allowed upon the exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize gOQjs ^x-of the like denomination and defcription, when exported to any ported from foreign country ; and that there fhall be allowed and paid the Great Britain fame drawbacks and bounties on goods, wares, and merchandize, ^ntftlec?t exported from this kingdom to the territories of the faid united di'awbac^ks Hates, or any of them, as are or may hereafter be allowed by and bounties. Jaw-upon the exportation of goods, wares, or merchandize of the like denomination or defcription, to any of the iflands, plantations, or colonies, belonging to the crown of Great Britain in America.

X.  And be it further enafted. That there fhall be allowed and  ^

paid the fame drawbacks upon the exportation of any fort of eXp0rtati0n foreign hemp or foreign iron, exported from this kingdom to any.of foreign Britifh colony or plantation in America, and to the territories of hemp and the united fcates of America, or any of them, as are or may to ^mer hereafter be allowed by law, upon the exportation of the like fort riLa*

of hemp or iron to other foreign parts.

XI. And whereas, by the fa id fifteenth article of the treaty before mentioned, the Britifh government referves to life If the right of im-pofing such duty as ?nay be adequate to countervail the difference of duty now payable on the importation of European and Afiatic goods, when imported into the united fates, in Britifh or in American

vejfels, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That From Jan. 5, from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hun- 1fh. C£rt*jn dred and ninety-eight, there fhall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and ^iesT^be paid paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, on imporu-on the importation into this kingdom of the goods, wares and tion of goods merchandize hereinafter-mentioned or defcribed, being of the ^om growth, production, or manufacture of any of the territories of the united fiates of America, and imported directly from thence American in American fliips or veflels, owned and navigated as by this adt veftels. is required, the following additional duties of cuftoms j that is to fay, On the importation of any such goods, wares, and merchandize as aforefaid (except tobacco and other articles, for which provifion is herein-after made), an additional duty, at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the feveral duties of cuftoms due and payable by law on the importation into this kingdom of the like goods or merchandize, from any of the faid united dates, in Britifh-built fhips or veflels; on the importation of any such pig iron, bar iron, pot a(h, and pearl afh, in manner aforesaid, an additional duty, at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the feveral duties of cuftoms due and payable by law on the importation into this kingdom of any such goods from any Britifh colony or plantation in America, when not accompanied with the certificates required by law, on the importation, in manner aforesaid, of any such pitch, tar, turpentine, rofin, mahogany, mails, yards, and bowfprits, and unmanufactured goods and merchandize as aforesaid, (wood, ftaves, and tobacco

y 3  excepted),

32.6 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1736.

excepted), an additional duty at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the feveral duties of cuftoms due and payable by law on the importation of any ftich goods into this kingdom from any Britijh colony or plantation in America; on the importation, in manner aforesaid, of any such unmanufactured wood and ftaves an additional duty, at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the feveral duties of cuftoras due and payable by law on the importation of any such goods into this kingdom from any part of Europe, not within his Majesty’s dominions, in Britijh-built (hips or velfels; on the importation, in manner aforesaid, of any oil made from fifh, or creatures living in the fea, and blubber, whale fins,, and fpermaceti, being the produce of the fifheries carried on by the people of the faid united dates, and imported direftly from thence into this kingdom in American fhips or vef-fels, owned and navigated as by this aft is required, an additional duty, at and after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the feveral duties of cuftoms due and payable by law on the importation of any such goods into this kingdom from countries not under the dominion of his Majesty ; on the importation, in manner aforesaid, of any such tobacco fo imported, an additional duty of cuftoms, at and after the rate of one (hilling and (ixpence for every hundred pounds weight of luch tobacco.

XII.  Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained fhali extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge or impofe the duty of ten pounds per centum by this aft impofed on certain goods and merchandize imported into this kingdom from the

of 5I. and 10I. laid united dates in American (hips, on the produce or amount percent. ot the refpeftive duties of five pounds per centum, and of ten Geo^r:V/ pounds per centum, granted to his Majesty by an aft, made in this prefent feftion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefly certain duties of cujloms on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported f om, or brought and carried c oaf wife within Great Britain, except wine, and except coals when brought or carried coafwife; and for applying the money to arife by virtue of an paJJ'ed in the lafl fjfion of parliament^ intituled, Q An act for reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation offugar, towards defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan granted, or flock created, by any a£l or aflspafjed in the iajl fjfwn of 'parliament

XIII.  Provided always, That if any goods or merchandize fo

beware housed *mPorte^ from the united (fates of America (hall be permitted, by without pay- virtue of any aft, or adds of parliament in force at the time of such inent of, uty, importation, to be fecured in warehoufes, without the payment of the additional the duties due on the importation thereof, then and in such cafe b^payable^till additional duties of cuftoms, by this aft impofed, (hall not be taken out tor payable unlels and until Inch goods fnail be taken out of such home con-  warehouse for the purpose of being ufed or confumed in this

kingdom.

XIV.  Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (half extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or any wile alter

the

The additional duty of 10I. per cent, not to extend to the dutu s of 5I. an per cent granted Geo. 3. c. 15

If goods be

iumption.

Aft not to alter duties

1796/J Annoregni tricefimo fepti'mo Georgii III. c. 97*  327

the duties of package, fcavage, balliage, or portage, or any other payable to the duties payable to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the 0^0n~ city of London, or to the lord mayor of the laid city for the time * being, or to anv other city or town corporate, within the kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywile alter any fpecial privilege or exemption to which any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, is or are now entitled by law, but the fame

• fhall be continued as heretofore.

XV.  And be it further enacted, "That such of the duties of Buies to be

cuftoms and excife, by this a eft impofed, as fhall arife in that m^n^enfent part of Great Britain called England, fhall be under the manage- Gf tbeWpec-mentof the refpevftive commiftioners of the cuftoms and excife in tive corrr-England for the time being, and such thereof as fhall arife in that miffioners of part of Great Britain called Scotland fhall be under the manage-  anci

merit of the refpedtive commiftioners of the cuftoms and excife in

Scotland for the time being.

XVI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Duties and

That the duties of cuftoms and excife, and the dra wbacks of the  tc>s

. duties of cuftoms and excife upon, for, or in refpect of the feveral forrncr ones goods, wares, or merchandize, by this a6f impofed and allowed, and the goods fhall and may be refpedbvely managed, afcertained, railed, levied, to be fubjedt collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, or *n fQrce, methods, by which the former duties of cuftoms and excife, and immediately drawbacks of duties of cuftoms and excife, upon goods, wares, or before puffing merchandize in general, and alfo by any or either of the fpecial ^is a<^-means, ways, or methods refpedli vely, by which the former duties of cuftoms and excife, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms and excife, upon goods, wares, or merchandize, of the fame forts or kinds refpedtively, were or might be managed, afcertained, levied, railed, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the goods, wares, or merchandize, fo by this adt refpedtively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of cuftoms and excife, or fo entitled to drawback of duties.of cuftoms and excife, upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjedt and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftrieftions* and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and alfo all and ev ery the fpecial conditions, rules, reftridtions, regulations, and forfeitures refpedtively, to which the like goods, wares,or merchandize refpedtively were fubjedt and liable by any adt or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the pa (Ting of this act refpedt-ing the revenues of cuftoms and excife, except where any alteration is cxprefs.ly made by this a (ft; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any adt or ad'ts of parliament in force, on and immediately before the palling of this adt made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms and excife, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral ciaufes,

-powers, and direftions therein contained (unlefs where exprefsly

Y 4  altered

328 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1796,

altered by this a£l) fhali and are hereby diredled and declared to extend to, and fhali be refpecftively applied, pradii fed, and put in execution, for and in refpedl of the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms and excife, hereby charged and allowed, in as lull and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the faid a<fts, claufes, provifions,powers, directions,fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacfted in the body of this acft. • XVIf. And whereas, by the faid fifteenth article of the treaty heforcmentioned, it is further agreed, that the Britijh government does referve toitjelj the right of impofing on American' vejfels entering into the Britifli ports in Europe, a tonnage duty equal to that which Jhall be payable by Britifh vefjAs in the ports ^/America: and whereas it is thought expedient for the prefent to exerclfe the power referved in the (aid article fo far only as relates to impofing a tonnage duty on American ftps entering the ports of his Mayfly s dominions in Europe, equal to the excejs of the duty payable in the ports of the united fates by Britifh ftps, beyond that ivhicb is payable by American flips From Jan. 5, entering the fame ports ; be it therefore enacted, That, from and 1798, as. p~r after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ton to be paid ninety-eight, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto vefle 1 saVriVing an^ ^°r  u^e °fhis Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, a tonnage

•within the duty, at and after the rate of two (hillings of good and lawful limits of any money of Great Britain, for each and every ton burthen of every port in Great fhjp or VefTel belonging to the inhabitants of the united hates n n*  of America, coming or arriving within the limits of any port of

Great Britain, and that the tonnage of every such (hip or veffel (hall in cafe of any doubt or difpute as to the fame, be afeertained by admeafurement, in the mode-and manner directed by an aft pa fled in the twenty-fixth year or his prefent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further increafe and encouragement of 'flipping and navigation.

XVIil. And be it further enabled by the authotity aforefaid. Officers of the That it fha]l and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers cuftoms may 0f h^s Majesty’s cuftoms to flop and detain every fhip or veffel liable to the payment of the faid duty, until the faid duty is paid as aforefaid; and in cafe payment thereof (hall not be made for the (pace of three calender months after the arrival of such (hip or veffel at any port in this kingdom, it fhali and may be lawful to and fortlte commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpectively, or any three or more of them, to caufe such fhip or veffel, and her mafts, apparel, and furniture, to be fold pubiickly to the beft bidder, and the produce thereof to be applied, firft, to the charges that fhali arife by such detention and lale, next, to the faid duty impofed by this acft, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietor of luch fhip or vdfel, or other perfon duly authorifed by such proprietor to receive the fame.

XIX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, Tonnage duty That the tonnage duty heieby impofed (ball be paid into the hands to be paid to 0f the proper officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, at the refpedhve

tne port See. Ports or P^ces where such duty fhali become due and payable,

?  ’  and

detain vtflels liable to the duty, and if not paid in three months they may be fold.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 97.  329

and such duty flnall be under the management of the com-

miffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpechyely.

XX.  And to the intent that the faid duty may he arfwercd and

paid, be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That no ^r° ?^cer to

officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms whatever, or his deputy or clerk, entry out-

atany of the laid ports or places in Great Britain where such duty wards until

. fhall become due and payable, (hall, from and after the fa id fifth a receipt be

day of sJanuary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

.  J  the Guty.

take or receive any entry outwards, cocquet, or report outwarcs,  J

for any (hip or velTel liable or fubjedt to the faid duty, nor (hall

fuch (hip or veffel be fuffered or permitted to depart from any

fuch port or place, until the faid duty (hall be paid, purfuant to

the directions of this a£l, to the refpeClive collectors or other

principal officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, authorifed to receive

the fame, and until the refpeCtive mafter or owner of'any such

fhip or veflel, fubjedt to the payment of such duty, (hall fhevv to

fuch refpective officer a receipt for the fame. ,

XXI.  And be it further enacted, That all the monies from Duties to he time to time arifing by the feveral new and additional duties by PaC* *nto _tiie this a<ft impofed as aforesaid, (the necellary charges of railing and an^ carrjeJ t0 accounting for the fame refpedtively excepted), (hall, from time the confoli-to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at dated tuncL Wefminfer, and the faid money fo paid in as aforefaid lit all be

carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXII. And whereas, by the thirteenctb article cf the faid treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, between his Britannic Majcfy and 'the united fates of America, it A, among other things, provided, that

the veffels belonging to the citizens of the united fates of America  -

fhall be admitted and hofpitaby received in all the fea ports and birbours'of the Britifh territories in the Eaft Indies, and that the citizens of the faid united fates may freely carry on a trade between the paid territories and the faid united fates in all articles of u-hich the exportation or importation r effectively, to or from the J aid territories^ fhall not he entirely prohibited 5 and it is further provided, That the faid trade fhall be carried on under the regulations contained in the faid article, and it is cxprejsly agreed that the vffels of the united, fates fhall not carry any of the articles exported by them from the faid Britifh territories to any port or place except to feme port or place in America where the fame fhall be unladen, and that such regulations foall be adopted by both parties, as fall from time to time be found neccfary to enforce the due and faithful obfervance cf the above recited fipulation ; be it therefore enabled, That it (ball and may be Jaw- The united ful tor the (hips belonging to the citizens of the united Oates to (fates may-carry on the (aid trade to the Brit if) territories in the Eaf Indies,  terrf  *

and to import into, and export from the faid territories, all articles, tones in the of which the importation or exportation refpeCtively, to or from Eait Indies, the faid territories, fhall not be entirely prohibited, in the man- agreeably to ner, and with the privileges and advantages, and fubjcCt to the redactions and regulations contained and exprefled in the faid 1 thirteenth article of the faid treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation,



A<fts done by the fubjtcts of the united ff«\tes or of his Majesty, in pursuance of the faid 53th article, tince the final ratification of the treaty, to be lawful.

AH lands,

held in Great Britain or its dependencies by American citizens on C<5t. 28, 1795> to be enjoyed agreeably to article nine of the treaty.

A (ft not to give any right, except such as may be necefidrv for the performance of the stipulations of the faid article.

Ann<? regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1796.

vigation, any law to the contrary notwithstanding, and particularly notwithftanding any provifions contained in an act, paifed in the tv/elfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the encouraging and increaftng of flipping and navigation.

XXilL And be it further enadted, That all adts done, or engagementsentered into by the fuhjedts of the united Sates, or of his Majesty, in purfuance of the laid thirteenth article, (hall be deemed and taken to be lawfully done, provided the fame fhall have been clone or entered into fince the final ratification of the faid treaty, and provided the fame migh’t have been done and entered into agreeably to the faid thirteenth article, any law to the contrary notwithstanding, and the fame (hall be deemed and taken to be, in all refpedls, and to all intents and purposes what-fnever, as if the fame had been done, entered into, or had taken place fubfequent to the palling of this a£t, any prohibition to the contrary notVvithftanding, and no penalty, forfeiture or difability, of any kind or nature whatfoever, (hall be incurred or fued for, for or on account of any such adfs or engagements.

XXIV.  And whereas, by the ninth article of the faid treaty, it was agreed that Britifh fuhjefts, who then held lands in the territories of the Jaid united ftates, and American citizens, ivbo then held lands in the dominions of his Majejly,Jhould continue to hold them according to the nature and tenure of their refpeftive fates and titles therein, and might grant, J'eif or devife the fame to whom they Jhould pUafe, in like manner as if they were natives, and that neither they nor their heirs or a fig us Jhould, Jo far as might refpeft the faid lands and the legal remedies incident thereto, be regarded as aliens; be it therefore enadded by the authority arorefaid, That all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the kingdom of Great Britain, or the territories and dependencies thereto belonging, which on the faid twenty-eighth day of Oftobcr one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five (being the day of the exchange of the ratification of th,e faid treaty between his Majesty and the laid united ftates) were held by American citizens, ihall be held and enjoyed, granted, fold, devifed, according to the ftipulations and agreements contained in the faid article \ any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith(landing-

XXV.  Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give any right, title, or privilege to any perfon, not being a natural-born fubjedt of this realm, which such perfon would not have been entitled to if this act had not been made, other than and except such rights, titles, and privileges as (hall be neceftary for the true and faithful performance of the ftipulations in the laid article contained, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, or to give to any perfon, net being either a natural-born fubject of this realm, or a citizen of the faid united ftates, any right, title, or privilege, to which such perfon would not have been entitled it this act had not been made.

XXVI.  And whereas by the faid treaty it is further agreed, that

his

1796.] Annoregni tricefim ofeptimo Georgii III. c. 97.  331

bis Majejly and the united ftates, on mutual requijiiions by them reffectively, or by their reffective miniflers or officers authorifed to make the fame, will deliver up to juftice all perfons who being charged with murder or forgery committid within the jurijdiction of either,[hall feck an afylum within any of the countries of the other, provided that this Jhall only be done on such evidence of criminalty as, according to the , laws of the place where the fugitive or perfon Jo chargedJhall be found, would jitjUfy his apprehenfion and commitment for trial, if the offence had there been committed, and that the expence of such apprehenfion and delivery fall be borne and defrayed by those who make the requifition, and receive the fugitive; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe requifition (hall at any time be made, in purfuance of Regulations and according to the faid article, for the delivery of any perfon for cirrying charged with murder or forgery, committed within the jurif- into cffc<5t an diction of the faid united ftates, it (hall be lawful for one of his theTre^ty ^ Majesty’s principal fecretaries of date, by warrant under-his hand mutually to and feal, tofignify that such requifition has been fo made, 3nd to deliv r up require all juftices of the peace, and ether magiftrates and officers perfons chart* -of juftice, to govern themfelves accordingly, and to be ajdingand ^ero'r forgery a (Tufting in apprehending the perfon fo charged, and committing such perfon, for the purpose of being delivered up to juftice, according to the provifions in the laid article, and thereupon it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace, or other perfon having power to commit for trial perfons charged with offences againft the laws of this kingdom, to examine upon oath any perfons or perfon touching the truth of such charge, and upon such evidence as, according to the laws of this kingdom, would juftify the apprehenfion and commitment for trial of the perfon fo charged, if the offence wherewith lie (hall be fo charged had been committed in this kingdom, it final I be lawful for such juftice of the peace, or other perfon having power to commit as aforesaid, to commit the perfon fo charged to his Majcfty’s goal, there to remain, until delivered purfuant to such requifition, as aforesaid, and thereupon it (hall be lawful for one of his Jvlajefty’s fecretaries of ftate, by warrant under his hand anti leal, to order the perfon fo committed to be delivered to such perfon or perfons as (hall be authorifed by the faid united ftates to receive the perfon (o committed, and convey such perfon to the dominions of the (aid united ftates, to be tried for the offence with which such perfon (hall be fo charged; and if the perfon To charged ihall efcape our of any cuftody to which he (hall be committed as aforesaid, it (hall be lawful to retake such perfon in tlve fame manner as any perfon charged with any offence againft the laws of this kingdom may be retaken upon an efcape, fo mat such perfon fo charged as aforefaid may be effectually delivered up to juftice, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid article of the faid treaty.  *

XXVII.  And be it further cnaffed. That this act (hall con- Continuance tinue in force fo long as the faid treaty between his IVlajefty and of the united ftates of America flull continue in force, and no longer.

CAP.

Preamble.

Recital of adf 31 Geo. a.

€. 59.

Com meters to enter in a book at the corn meter’s office every Monday accounts of the wheat worked and delivered by t^em reflectively in the preceding week.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796* CAP. XCVIII.

An aft tc amend and render more effectual an aft, ?nade in tbs thirty-firji year of the reign of his late majejiy King George the Second\ intituled, An aft for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affize thereof, and to punifh perfons who (hall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, fo far as the fame relates to the affize and making of bread to be fold in tire city of London, and the liberties thereof - and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange.—[July 4, 1797.]

WHEREAS feveral of the provifions and regulations in the Jlatute made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majejiy King George the Second, intituled, An acl* for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affize thereof, and to punifh perfons who (half adulterate meal, flour, or bread, hove been found defeftive \ and it is expedient that - other proviftons and regulations fhould be made, and further powers granted, for carrying the purposes of the faid aft into execution, fo far as the fame relate to the ajftze and making-of bread to be fold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof.\ and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange: be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That each and every corn meter of the city of London, who is or hereafter {hall be employed in working, orr meafuringmnd delivering out wheat, within the faid city, or the liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal. Exchange, fhall and is hereby required weekly, before the hour of twelve of the clock at noon of every Monday, to enter, or caufe to be entered, in a book to be for that purpose provided by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and kept at the corn meter’s office of the faid city, according to the form herein-after contained in that behalf, a true and particular account, in writing, of all the wheat worked and delivered by each and every such corn meter, in the courfe of the preceding week, from (hips or veffels in the river Thames, or out of ware-boufes or other places within the faid city, or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal-Exchange, to the refpedlive buyers of such wheat or their re-fpc&ive* fervants or agents, fpecifying from what vefTels, ware-houfes cr other places the wheat fhall be worked, the names and additions of the refpedlive fellers and buyers thereof, the refpedtive quantities, the corn meter’s own name, and the names of the refpc&ive lightermen or other perfons to whom the wheat fhall be delivered; and that the faid returns or accounts, fo to be entered in the faid bock as before-mentioned, fhall be entered, made, and kept in the following form, or to the like effedt; (that is to fay],

Corn

179^-1 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii TIL c. 98.  333

Corn meter’s office, Lo?idon, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

ENTRY of the feveral quantities of Whe at worked by the Form of corn fworn corn meters of the city of London in fix days; that is to scn~ fay, from Monday  to  Saturday  both inclufive.

Day of the month.  From where worked.  Seller’s  name.  Buyer’s  name.  Quantities of wheat.  Meter’s  name.  L j .. N.Cl.  man, or to .whom delivered.

  Whether out of vend, craft, granary, wreiioufe or wharf, mentioning their re-fpedfive names, (if any), and the names ot tre mailers, owners, or occupiers thereof ieipec-tively.      Quarter. Bufhe’.    

II. And be it further enabled, That weekly and every week, ^v^rY ^on* before three of the clock in the afternoon of every Monday, a to^made^ correct return or account of wheat, which fliall have been fo by the meal entered and made in the faid book as aforesaid, for the week weighers, of next but one preceding such Monday, fhall be prepared in writ- as^aforefa^l^^ ing, according to the form next berein-after following, and for theV'eek certified on oath, and delivered to the mayor of the city of London, next but one or left at the cocket office in the manfion houfe in the faid city, preceding such with the proper officer there, by the meal weighers of the faid city Monday, of London, or by such other per Tons as the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city fliall from time to time diredl or appoint, and lhall alfo, before three of the clock in the afternoon cn every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such meal weighers, or other ' perfons to be appointed as aforesaid, in writing under their hands, in fome book to be for that purpose provided by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and kept at the town clerk’s office in the faid city; and that every such return, with the faid additions thereto, fo to be prepared and delivered, or left as aforesaid, fhall be in the following form, or to the like effect; (that is to fay),

A correcl

334

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

Form opthe A correct RETURN from the corn meter’s office, of the eFs*returnsof  9Llanilty of Wheat worked by the fworn corn meters

wheat.  of the city of London, from Monday ,  to  Saturday

following, both incluhve.

Day of the month.  Seller's  name.  Buyer’s  name.  Quantities of wheat.  Lighterman’s name, or to whom delivered.

Corn fa (ftor s, 6cc. to deliver, on demand, true accounts in writing, of the quantities and prices, Sec. of the wheat fold and delivered by them icfpedtively.

A return to be made by the meal weighers every Monday, of the quantities and pri-.es of all inch wheat as iball be in* ntioned in the laid accounts, for the week next but one preceding, and the average price thereof.

IIT. And be it alfo enacted, That each and every corn factor and other perfon, who is or hereafter {hall be a feller of wheat within the laid city, or the liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, fhall and is hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, upon demand, weekly, before three of the clock in the afternoon of every Friday, to the faid meal weighers, or other perfons to be appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, a true account in writing, figned by himfelf, or his known agent, fpecifying, according to the be ft of his knowledge and belief, the quantities and prices of all the wheat fold and delivered by or for him .from the Monday to the Saturday, both inclufive, in the week next preceding Rich Friday, with the names and occupations of the ie-fpechve buyers, and the apparent purposes for which the wheat fhall have been fold.

IV.  And be it further ena&ed, That weekly, before three of the clock in the afternoon of every Monday, a general return or account of the quantities and prices of all such wheat as fhall have been fold and delivered as aforesaid, within the faid city and liberties, and bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, in the courfe of the preceding week but one, and mentioned in the faid accounts, together with the average price of Inch wheat, fhall be prepared from and by means of the fame accounts, and in such manner and form as the faid court of mayor and aldermen fhall from time to time diredi, by the meal weighers of the city of London, or by such other perfons as the faid court of mayor and aldermen fhall from time to time appoint ; and fhall alfo, before five of the clock in the afternoon of every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such meal weighers, or other perfons to be appointed as aforesaid, in writing under

their

335

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98.

their hands, in Tome book to be for that purpose provided by the

mayor and commonalty, and citzens of the faid city of London,

and kept at the town cleric’s office in the faid city.

V.  And be it further enadied, That every corn facfor or other Corn factors,

perfon, from whom any such account of wheat, as laft before &c. to take

mentioned, is by this a£t required and directed to be delivered to the °ath, 01 r . ,  ,  J  .  ,  1  ,  r  ,  .  ,  make  the  ar-

thc laid meal vveigners, or other perlons, to be appointed as  f0I-

aforefaid, fhall, within one calendar month next after thepaffing lowing, of this acf, or within one calendar month from the time he fhall begin to deal by commiffion in thefaleof wheat, take the following oath, or (being one of the people called Quakers) affirm, as herein-after mentioned 3 (that is to fay),

1 I iJ, do fwear [<?r, affirm], That the accounts which I fhall JL hereafter deliver or caufe to be delivered to the meal weighers of the city of London, or to such other perfons as the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city dial! appoint to receive the fame, of and concerning the quantities and prices of wheat which henceforward fhall be by.or for me fold and delivered, .fhall, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, and as far as the Tales and complete deliveries will allow, contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the wheat bona fide fold and delivered by or for me, within the period to which such accounts (hall re-fpe&ively refer, with the names and occupations of the buyers, and with the prices thereof refpeefively, and lhall be, to the beft of my judgement, conformable in all other refpefls to the directions and true intent and meaning of an a<5>, patted in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majeftv, intituled, An ad! to amend and render more effectual an adt, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, intit ledc An adi for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affixe thereof, and to punijh perfons who fall adulterate ;meal. flour, or breadf fo far as the fame relates to the nffize and 'making of bread to be fold in the city ^/London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and vaithin ten miles of the Rcvai Exchange.’

Which oath or affirmation the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being is hereby empowered and required toadmi-nifter, and to grant a certificate thereof, to be regiftered in the town clerk’s office of ihe faid city; and every such oath or affirmation (hall be fo adminiftered, certified, and regiftered, without any fee or reward to be demanded or paid for the fame; and in cafe any perfon fhall carry on the trade and bufinefs of a corn factor without taking the faid oath, or affirming as aforesaid, conformably to the directions of this aff, every such perfon fo offending fhall, on being conviCled of such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pound .

VI.  And be it further enadied, That every baker, and other perfon making or who fhall make bread for fale, within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of morta-

lity,

Penalty on arty perfon carrying on the bufinefs of a corn fuftor, without. taking Inch oath, &c*. 5 °h

Bakers to leave at the cocquet office, every Monday, accounts, in



writing, of all fiich meal and Hour made of wheat, as (hall have been bought by them reflectively, in the week immediately preceding*

Form of baker’s weekly accounts.

‘4

At ihe file, or upon delivery of meal and fieur, a b* 11 of parcels thereof to be delivered therewith.

Anno regni tricefimofepttmo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

lity, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, fhall and is hereby required to prepare and leave, or caufe to be left, Weekly, before the hour of eleven of the cluck in the forenoon of every Monday> at the cocket office in the manfion houfe aforesaid, with the proper officer there, a true and particular account in writing under his hand, according to the form herein-after contained in that behalf, of all such meal and flour for the purpole of making wheaten bread, as (hall have been bought by such baker or other perfen in the courfe of the week next preceding such Monday, and that every such account hereby required to be made by any such baker, or other peifon making bread for fa!e, within the faid city of London, or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, lhall fpecify the names of the refpedUve fellers of such meal and flour made of wheat, the refpedtive quantities and forts thereof, and the feveral and refpective prices at which the fame lhall have been adlually and bona fide fold, and {hall be of the following form, or to the like effect j (that is to fay).

An ACCOUNT of all the Meal and Flour (made of Wheat) bought by A. B> of  in  the  parifhof

from Monday  to  Saturday  both  inclu-

five, fer the purpose of making wheaten bread, or fit for the fame.

Day of the month.  Seller’s  nivme.  Number of facks.  Sorts of meal and flour.  To what purpose applicable.  Prices per lack.  TOTAL.

VII.  And, for better enabling the faid bakers or other perfons to prepare such accounts of meal and four as before directed, be it alfo enacted, That at the fale, or upon every delivery of meal or flour made of wheat to any baker or other perfon making, or who fhall make, bread for fale, within the faid city, or the liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, there (hall alfo be delivered therewith a true and perfect bill of parcels, figned by the feller or fellers of such meal or flour, or his or their known agent or agents,

fettinsr

O

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 98.  337

fetting forth the names of the feller or fellers, and buyer, of the

meal or flour fo delivered, with the real quantities and prices

thereof, and alfo the day of th.e month on which the fame fhall

be delivered ; and in default thereof every perfon, being a feller Seller and

of such meal or flour, or of any part thereof, and not delivering, defau^tthereof

or caufing to be delivered therewith, such true and perfedt bill of to forfeit *

parcels as aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence, upon being 40s.

convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings; and

every perfon being a buyer of such meal or flour, or of any part

thereof, and receiving or accepting the fame without such true

and perfedt bill of parcels as aforesaid, fhall, for every such

offence, upon being convidled thereof, forfeit and pay the fum

of forty (hillings.

VIII.  And whereas it has frequently happened that large quantities of meal and flour have been delivered to buyers thereof,\ without any price having been fixed or agreed on for the fanie at the time of such delivery, andfometimes it has been agreed that the prices of meal or flour jhould, after delivery thereof to the buyer, be fixed according to the price of meal or flour in fome future week, and inafmuch as by such means this aft might be evaded, or the execution thereof rendered difficult or imperfeft, be it therefore enadted. That the prices ^^al^ncf8 all the meal and flour made of wheat, which fhall henceforward flour to 5e be fold within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or the fixed at the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Ex- time of tale, change, (hall be agreed on and abfolutely fixed at the time of fale, and before the delivery thereof, and the price or prices of  .

any such meal or flour as aforesaid, which fhall hereafter be delivered to any buyer or other perfon, within the faid city or liberties, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, (hall not, on any account or pretence whatfo-ever, be regulated by, or made to depend on the price which meal or flour (hall fell for at any time or times fubfequent to such delivery; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall fell or buy, and any per-or agree to fell or buy, within the faid city or liberties, or weekly f°n, felling or bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, other manner any meal or flour made of wheat, contrary to the true intent and to forfeit aoU meaning of the provifions and reftri£tions laft herein-before contained, he or they fo offending (hall, for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That every baker, or other Bakers to take perfon making or who fhall make bread for fale, within the city  °f

of London, or the liberties thereof, or within the weekly bills °f fixation foN mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, fhall, within lowing, one calendar month next after the palling of this al6t, or within one calendar month from the time when he fhall begin to make bread for fale, within the limits aforesaid, take the following oath, or (being one of the people called Quakers) affirm as herein-after mentioned j (that is to fay),

Vol, XLI.



‘I. A. B.

33S Anno rcgni triccfimo feptimo Georgti III. c. 98. [1796.

1 T A. do (wear [ory affirm]. That the accounts which I (hall JL hereafter leave or caufe to be left at the cocket office in the manfioa houfe, in the city of London, of and concerning the meal or flour (made of wheat) which henceforward ('hall be bought by or for me, (hall, to the belt of my knowledge and belief, contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the meal or flour (made of wheat) bona fide bought by or for me, within the period to which such accounts fliall refpeCfcively refer, with the names of the fellers, or perfonsof whom the fame fliall be bought, and with the prices refpe&ively, and (hall be, to the beft of my judgement, conformable in all other refpeCts to the directions of an act, paffed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his pre-fent Majcfty, intituled, An aft to amend and render more effectual an aft, made in the thirtyfltijl year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled, 4C An aft for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affize thereof and to pumflo per-fins who Jhall adulterate meal, flour, or bread,” fi far as the fame relates to the affize and making of bread to be fold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and zvithin ten miles of the Royal Exchange.’

Fenaltyon any \,vhjch oath (or affirmation) the lord mayor of the city of London breaTfoKale^ for t*me being (whether such baker (hall refide within the withouttak- (aid lord mayor’s jurisdiction or not) or any other juftice of the ing such oath, peace within whose jurifdiClion such baker (hall refide, is hereby <^cc*  authorifed  and  required to adminifter, upon being duly applied

to for that purpose, and to grant a certificate thereof, to be re-gfftered in the town clerk’s office of the laid city ; and every such oath or affirmation fliall be fo adminiftered, certified, and regif-tered, without any fee or reward to be demanded or paid for the fame ; and in cafe any perfon (hall carry on the trade and bufi-nels of a baker, or (hall make bread for fale, within the faid city, or the liberties thereof, or within the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, without taking the faid oath, or affirming as aforesaid,conformably to the directions of this aCt, every such perfon fo offending (hall, on being convicted of such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

X.  And be it further enadted, That weekly, before three of the clock in the afternoon of every Monday, a general return or account of the quantities, forts, and prices, of all such meal and flour made of wheat, as (hall have been bought by bakers and other perfons making bread for fale, within the faid city and liberties, and bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, in the courfe of the preceding week, and mentioned iuch meal and jn the fa[<J accounts of meal and flour for that week, together with the average price of such meal or flour, (hall be prepared from and by means of the fame accounts, in such manner and form as the faid court of mayor and aldermen fliall from time to time direCl, by the meal weighers of the city of London, or by countj-*°r  other perfons as the faid court of mayor and aldermen fhall

wetk^and  from time to time appoint; and (hall alfo, before five of the

the average  oiotk

price thereof.

A return to be made by the meal weighers every Monday, of the quantities, forts, and prices, of all

Hour made of wheat, as (bail be mentioned in the bakers ac-

339

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgit III. c. 98.

clock in the afternoon of every Monday as aforesaid, be entered by such meal weighers, or other perfons to be appointed as afore-faid, in writing under their hands, in fome book to be for that pur-pole provided by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid citvof London,and kep; at the town clerk’s office in the faid city.

XL And, for the more effectually enabling the fAd meal weighers or other perfons to prepare and render correct such returns or accounts as a for efaid of wheat, and of meal and four made of wheat, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft; be it aifo enacted, That Every buyer every buyer or feller of, or dealer in wheat, or meal or flouror feher of made of wheat, within the city of London or the liberties thereof, ^e^Qr°fl0^r or within the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles ofmicjeof the Rryal Exchange, (hall and is hereby required, on reafonabie wheat, upon requei't to him or her made by any one or more of the meal requeft, by weighers of the city of London, or of such other perfons who in^^ers pursuance of this a<5f fhall be appointed as aforesaid, to return and Szdto difclofe certify, as hereby is directed, the quantities and prices of wheat, thetrueprices, or of meal or dour made of wheat, to difclofe and make known &c* to such meal weighers, or one of them, or other perfons who fhall be fo appointed, and who fhall requeft the fame, the true and real prices which any quantities and forts of wheat, or of meal or flour made of wheat, which fhall have been bought or fold within the faid city, or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, at any time or times within the fpace of fourteen days then laft paft, by or for such buyer or feller of, or dealer in wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, fhall have been actually and bona fide bought or fold at, with all the feveral quantities and forts thereof, and the feveral apparent purposes for which the famefhall have been bought refpc<ftively, together with the occupations of the buyers.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the Power to the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or for the lord mayor for the court °f time being, or for any of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace act- men^r tord ing for such diftiicb, from time to time to order and direeft every mayor, to or-or any baker, or other perfon making or who fliall make bread der bills of for fale, within the faid city, or the liberties thereof, or the parcels ot weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Ex- ^e^°^our change, and to whom, or at whose houfe or {hop any such bill of duced; parcels 3S aforefaid of meal or flour made of wheat fhall have been actually delivered- purfuant to this a<ft, at any feafonable time cr times, within the fpace of fourteen days next after such delivery, to produce, or caufe to be produced, such bill of parcels to the faid court, or to the faid lord mayor, or to the faid juftices, or to the meal weighers of the faidcity, or any or either of them, or to such other perfon or perfons as the faid court, or the faid lord mayor, fhall appoint to infpeft the fame; and that in every and the fame fuch.cafe, such baker or other perfons to or for whom such order are to be Pr<V fhall be given or left, or his fervants or agents, fhall produce, or j^giy accor caufe to be produced, such bill of parcels, purfuant to such order, and the true meaning of this and in cafe any such baker or Penalty in other perfon fhall not, within seven days after such order loallbe cafe, of de-

z 2  fo  fault, 5 b

34° Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796*

fo given tp, or left for him, produce, or caufe to be produced* such bill of parcels accordingly, he or they fo offending (hall, for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That the faid weekly returns or accounts of wheat, and of meal and flour made of wheat, to be in lieu of hereby directed to be made and given in as aforesaid, {hall be in fo much only lieu and (lead of fo much only of the weekly return or account, of the weekly by the faid recited a£t directed to be given in and certified, of the ^iredV6 the Pr*ces w^ch t^e feveral kinds of grain, meal, and flour, (hall fell a<Et 31 Geo. a. f°r *n mar^ets or places in London, where such grain, meal, and flour (hall be publickly fold, as relates to wheat, and meal and flour made of wheat; but neverthelefs such laft-mentioned return or account of other grain than wheat, and of other meal and flour, which (hall be fold in London,, (hall be no longer con-fidered as neceflary to be given in and certified under the faid recited a<ft, unlefs the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or the lord mayor of the faid city of London for the time being, fhall at any time or times order the fame to be given in and certified as such directs.

The weekly returns hereby directed.

as relates to wheat, and meal and flour made of wheat.

Directions for computing the quantities.

The aflize of bread to be fet every Tucfday by the court of mayor and aldermen, or if such court fhall not (it, then by the lord mayor :

either from the price of wheat, or from that of flour;

XIV,  And, for the more eafily and effectually carrying of this aft into execution, be it enacted, That in all returns to be made pur-fuant to the directions of this aCt, the quantities of corn and grain fhall be computed by the bufhel of eight gallons, commonly called or known by the name of The JVtnchefer Bujhel, and flour (hall be computed by thefack, which (hall contain five bufhels, or two hundred and eighty pounds weight.

XV.  And be it further enaCted, That weekly, on every Tuef day, being the next day after every weekly return or account of wheat for the week next but one preceding, fhall be delivered or left by the faid meal weighers, or other perfons as aforesaid, and being alfo the next day after the faid returns of accounts of meal and flour made of wheat for the week next preceding, fhall be delivered or left by the bakers or other perfons making bread for fale, within the faid city, or liberties thereof, or bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, as before-mentioned, the allize and weight of all bread to be made of the flour or meal of wheat, and fold or expofed to fale by any perfon or perfons, within the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, (except as next herein-afrer is excepted), and the prices to be paid for the lame bread refpedlively, (hall from time to time be fet by the faid court of mayor and aldermen of the city of London, if the faid court fhall then fit, and if such court {hall not then fit, then by the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, either from or according to what fhall, by means of the faid return or account of wheat, appear to be the then average price of wheat fit for the making of wheaten bread, or from or according to what fhall, by means of the faid returns or accounts of flour and meal, appear to be the then average price of flour and meal fit for the making of wheaten bread, as near as poflible,

according

Daki

j. p

oein

per

Toi

and

per

s.

5

5

5

5

6

6

6

6

6

7

7

7

7

8

8

8

8

8

9

9

9

9

9

io

lO

IO

IO

11

I 1

11

I [

11

1 2

12

I 2

I 2

*3

13

13

13

13

34

14

H

14.

1796.]

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98.

&

34i

LE of the Price and Affize of BREAD from the Price of WHEAT; and from the Price of FLOUR.

THE PRICE TABLE.

THE ASSIZE TABLE.

    When tl Price  ie Average a of Flour j            B  R E  A  D.        

>%<  Is return.  ed from the Market at    Add Baking 1 is. 8d. per Sack.      Price of Peck Loaf  To weigh 17lb. 6 cz-      Price of Half-Peck Loaf  To weigh 8 lb. 11 oz.        Price of Quartern Loaf  To weigh 4lb. 5 0%. 8 dr.      

      Total Price                          

Per Sack.      and Baking per Sack.    Wheaten.    Houfehold,    Wheaten.    Household.    Wheaten.    Houfehold.  

    d.  S.  d-  s.  d.  s.  d.  j.  <7.  s.    s.  d.  r.  d.

25    0  36  8  I  IO  1  4  O  11  O  8  0  Si  0  4

26    8  38  4  I  11  I  5  0  Hi  O  8i  O  si  0  4i

28    4  40  0  2  0  1  6  I  0  O  9  O  6  0  4i

30    0  41  8  2  I  I  7  I  o-  O  9i  O  6i  0  4l

3i    8  43  4  2  2  I  8  I  1  O  10  O  6i  0  5

33    4  45  0  2  3  1  9  I  it  O  10-i  O  H  O  5 +

35    0  46  8  2  4  1  10  I  2  O  11  O  7  0  Si

36    8  48  4  2  5  I  11  I  2i  O  ni  0  n  O  si

38    4  5°  0  2  6  2  0  I  3  1  b  O  7 i  0  6

40    0  51  8  2  7  2  1  I  3r  1  °k  O  '4-  0  6i

4i    8  53  4  2  8  2  2  I  4  I  I  O  8  O  6k

43    4  55  0  2  9  2  3  I  4i  I  H  O  8i  0  61

45    0  56  8  2  IO  2  4  I  5  I  2  O  H  O  7

46    8  58  4  2  11  2  5  I  5»  I  2i  0  81  0  7i

48    4  60  0  3  0  2  6  I  6  I  3  0  9  0  7 i

50    0  61  8  3  1  2  7  I    I  3i  0  9i  0  7i

5i    8  63  4  3  2  2  8  I  7  1  4  0  9\  0  8

53    4  65  0  3  3  4  2  9  I  7i  1  4 t  0  91  0  8 4

55    0  66  S  3    2  IO  I  8  I  5  0  10  0  84

56    8  68  4  3  5  6  2  11  I  H  I  5i  0  I04  O  8i

58    4  70  0  3    3  0  I  9  I  6  0  I0i  O  9

60    0  7i  8  3  7  3  1  I  9i  1  6i  0  10i  0  9i

61    8  73  4  3  8  3  2  I  IO  1  7  0  11  0  9i

63    4  75  0  3  9  3  3  I  30k  I  7i  0  JIT  0  9i

65    0  76  8  3  10  3  4  I  11  I  8  0  11 \  0  10

66    8  78  4  3  11  3  5  I  lli  I  8i  0  nl  0  104

68    4  80  0  4  0  3  6  2  0  I  9  I  0  0  104

7o    0  81  8  4  1  3  7  2    1  9z  I    0  i°i

7 1    8  83  4  4  2  3  8  2  1  1  10  I  o-k  0  11

7  ’3  4  85  0  4  3  3  9  2  3i  I  3°i  I  °1  0  nl

75    0  86  8  4  4  3  10  2  2  I  11  I  1  0  Hi

76    8  88  4  4  5  3  11  2  2i  I  ni  I  15  0  111

78    4  90  c  4  6  4  0  2  3  2  0  I  i-  I  0

80    0  91  8  4  7  4  1  2  3i  2  °i  I  13  4  I  

81    8  93  4  4  8  4  2  2  4  2  1  I  2  I  °i

83    4  95  0  4  9  4  3  I 2  4i  2  3i  ]  24  I  °i

85    0  96  8  4  10  4  4  2  5  2  2  I  2i  1  i

86    8  98  4  4  ii  4  5  2  5i  2  2i  I  21  I  3i

88    4  100  0  5  0  4  6  2  6  2  3  I  3  I  3i

90    0  101  8  5  1  4  7  2  6-*-  2  3i  I  3-J  I  * 1  4

91    8  ic3  4  5  2  4  8  2  7~  2  4  I  3i  I  2

93    4  i°5 •  0  5  3  4  9  2  _ 1  / 2  2  4r  I  31  I  2i-

95    0  jc6  8  5  4  4  IO  2  8  8-5  2  5  I  4  I  2|

96    8  108  4  5  5  4  11  2    2  Si  I  4i  1  21 1

98    4  110  0  5  6  5  0  2  9  2  6  i  4i  I  3 1

Articles of Aflize and Pi                            B  R  E  A  p.                                

  The  Penny-  Loaf  To weigh        The  Two-penny  Loaf  To weigh            The -Three-penny Loaf  To weigh            Tl-  Six-p  Lo  To w      ie  'enny  af  Sink.      The  Twelve-penny  Loaf  To weigh.            The Eighteen-penny Loaf To weigh.          

  Wheaten.    Houfehold.    Wheaten.      Houfehold.      Wheaten.      Houfehold.      Wheaten.      Houfehold.      Wheaten.      Houfehold.      Wheaten.      Houfehold.    

  oz.  dr.  oz.  dr. .  lb.  oz. ,  r/r„    oz. ,  dr A  Ib.i  CZ i  A-.  lb.  oz. <  dr.  lb. ,  oz. dr.    lb.  oz. ,  aV.  t  lb.  oz. ,  c//'.  lb. ,  OZ. 1  r/r.  lb.  oz.  dr.  /A  oz.  dr.

1  I 2  IO  17  6  1  9    2  2  I2I  2  5  14  3  4  2  4  11  3 3  6  8  4  9  7  IO  '3  0  8  *4  3  7  39  8  3 2

2  12  1  16  5  1  8  2  2  O  1 ‘1  2  4  4  3  1  c  4  8  8  6  2  1  9  1  0  t 2  4  3  *3  9  9  1 8  6  5

3  I I  9  ]5  7  I  7  2  I  H  M  2  2  12  2  14  5  4  5  . 8  5  i 2  10  8  11  0  11  9  5  13  0  8  37  6  0

4  I 1  1  H  10  I  6  3  1  13  4  2  1  5  i  2  11  3 4  4  2  11  5  7  1 2  8  5  7  IO  15  9  t 2  8  2  16  7  3

5  IO  11  1 3  14  I  5  6  I  11  1 2  2  0    2  9  1 )  4  0  2  5  3  6  8  0  4  l° ,  6  12  1 2  0  7  3 5  10  3

6  IO  4  13  3  1  4  9  I  IO  7  I  14  ‘4  2  7  i 1  3  13  12  4  15  6  7  11  8  9  14  13  t 1  9  5  l4  34  4

7  9  H  1 2  10  I  3  13  I  9  4  1  *3  •i 2  2  5  3 4  3  11  C  4  11  J3  7  7  2  9  7  10  1 1  2  11  ■4  3  7

8  9  9  12  1  1  3  2  I  8  2  I  1 2  12  2  4  4  3  9  8  4  8  8  7  3  0  9  1  0  10  12  8  13  9  9

9  9  4  11  9'  I  2  S  I  7  2  1  11  12  2  2  1 2  3  7  9  4  5  8  6  15  3  8  11  0  ro  6'  12  ‘3  0  8

io  8  *5  11  1  1  1  *4  I  6  3  1  IO  14  2  1  5  3  5  12  4  2  11  6  1 1  9  8  5  7  IO  1  b  12  8  2

11  8  11  IO  11  I  1  6  I  5  6  1  10  i  2  0  1  3  4  2  4  0  2  I 6  8  4  8  0  4  9  12  6  12  0  7

12  8  6  10  4  I  0  13  I  4  9  1  9  4  1  H  34  3  2  8  3  13  12  I 6  5  i  7  11  8  9  7  io  21  9  5

33  8  2  9  H  I  0  5  I  3  13  1  8  E  1  13  12  3  1  0  3  11  9  ! 6  2  1  7  7  2  9  3  2  11  2  J1

34  7  35  9  9  0  15  M  I  3  2  1  7  13  1  1 2  12  2  35  10  3  9  8:'  1  i 5  15  5  7  3  0  8  14  1 5  IO  12  8

35  7  11  9  4  0  15  7  I  2  g  1  7  2  1  11  12  2  34  5  3  7  9i  ! 5  12  10  6  15  3  8  1 1  0  IO  6  1 2

16  7  8  8  35  0  15  0  I  1  14  1  6  S  1  10  C  I  2  3 3  1  3  5  32«  1 5  10  2  6  11  9  8  7  3  10  1  6

17  7  5  8  11  0  H  10  I  1  6    5  *5  . t  1  10    2  11  14  3  4  2  5  7  12  6  8  4  8  3  io  9  12  6

18  7  2  8  6  0  H  4  I  0  13  I  5    1  9  4  2  10  12  3  2  8  5  5  8  6  5  3  8  0  4  9  7  IO

39  6  15  8  2  0  13  H  I  0  5    4  13  1  8  8  2  9  11  3  1  0  5  3  6  6  2  1  7  1 3  1  9  3  2

20  6  j 2  7  15  0  13  8  0  1 5  14  I  4  5  1  7  3 3  2  8  IO  2  35  10  5  1  5  5  35  5  7  IO  0  8  14  15

21  6  9  7  11  0  33  3  O  15  7  I  3  13  1  7  2  2  7  11  2  34  5  4  15  6  5  12  IO  7  7  2  8  11  0

22  6  7  7  8.  0  12  M  O  15  0  1  3  6  1  6  8  2  6  12  2  3 3  1  4  13  9  5  10  2  7  4  5  8  7  3

23  6  5  7  5  0  12  10  O  34  ic  I  2  3 5  1  5  35  2  5  34  2  11  14  4  11  13  5  7  12  7  1  11  8  3  IO

24  6  2  7  2  0  12  5  O  H  4  1  2  8  1  5  6  2  5  1  2  10  12  4  IO  2  5  5  8  6  15  3  8  0  4

  6  0  6  15  0  12  1  O  13  H  1  2  2  1  4  13  2  4  4  2  9  11  4  8  8  5  3  6  6  1 2  12  7  33  1

26  5  H  6  12  0  11  1 3  O  *3  8  1  1  1 1  1  4  5  2  3  7  2  8  1 o'  i 4  6  IS  5  1  S  6  1 0  7  7  10  0

27  5  12  6  9  0  11  9  O  33  2  I  1  6  1  3  3 3  2  2  12  2  7  13j  ! 4  5  8  4  15  6  6  8  4  7  7  2

28  5  10  6  7  0  11  5  O  1 2  14  I  1  c  1  3  6  2  2  c  2  6  1 2  1 4  4  1  4  13  9  6  6  1  7  4  5

29  S  8  6  5  0  11  1  O  12  1°  1  0  IC  1    J 5  2.  1  S  2  5  14  4  2  13  4  11  13  6  4  1  7  1  11

30  5  7  6  2  0  \o  14  O  12  5  I  0  5  1  2  8  ■ 2  0  11  2  5  3  4  1  6  4  10  2  6  2  1  6  15  

31  5  5  6  0  0  110  1 1  O  12  1  1  0  c  1  2  2  2  0  1  2  4  4  4  0  2  4  8  8  6  0  3  6  12  j  12

32  5  3  5  34  0  io  7  O  11  13  0  15  I 1  1  1  1 :  1  15  7  2  3  7  3  14  15  4  6  ■5  5  3 4  6  6  IO  7

33  5  2  5  12  0  to  4  O  11  9  0  *5  n  J    1  6j  1  14  34  2  2  12  f 3  13  12  4  5  8  5  1 2  10  6  8  4

34  5  0  5  10  0  IO  1  O  11  5  0  15  2  1  i  °i  1  14  5  2  2  0  3  12  3C  4  4  )  5  IO  3 5  6  6  1

35  4  T5  5  8 -  0  9  14  O  11  1  0  H  14  1  0  10  1 1  33  12  2  1  5  3  11  9  4  2  11  5  9  5  6  4  1

36  4  H  5  7  0  9  12.  O  10  14  0  l4  IC  1  0  5  | 1  3 3  4  2  0  11  3  IO  8  4  1  6  | 5  7  12  6  2  1

37  4  12  5  5  0  9  c  O  IO  11  0  H  t  1  0  0  1  12  12  2  0  3  3  9  8  4  0  2  5  6  4  6  0  3

38  4  11  5  3  0  9  t  0  IO  1  0  H  2  0  35  11  1  12  4  1  15  n  /  3  8  8  3  34  35  5  4  3 3  5  14  6

39  4  IO  5  2  0  9  4  0  10  4  0  13  34  0  *5  7  1  11  12  1  J4  34  3  7  9  3  3 3  )2 5    3  6  5    10

40  4  8  5  0  0  9  }  0  IO  1  0  13  IC  0  *5  2  1  11  5  1  14  5  3  6  11  3  12  1C  } 5  2  0  5  10  3 5

41  4  7  4  15  0  8  35  0  9  14  0  *3  7  0  H  M  ' 3  10  14  1  13  12  3  5  12  3  11  (  l 5  0  1 1  h  9  J  3

42  4  6  4  *4  0  8  13  0  9  1'  0  13  3  0  14  10’ 1    to  /'  1  3 3  4  : 3  4  15  3  10  \  ■ 4  15  6  5  7  1 2

43  4  5  4  12  0  8  11  0  9  9  0  13  c  0  3 4  L  1 1  10  1  1  1 2  12  ! 3  4  2  3  9  \  * 4  14  2  5  6  4

44  4  4  4  11  0  8  8  0  9  6  0  12  13  °  *4  2  »1  9  K  1  1 2  4  13  3  c  3  8  <  I  5 4  12  3 5  5  4  1 3

45  4  3  4  IO  0  8  6  0  9  4  0  12  K  10  13  E;  H 4  9  4  1  11  12  3  2  ■ i  3  7  (  > 4  11  13  5  3  6

[This Table is to face page 341.]

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98.  341

according to the table herein-after contained ; and that the affizes and to take of bread which (hall be fo refpeftively fet, fhall take place upon Thu^fda0"^-and from the Thurfday next enfuing, and be in force for the faid lowing, and city of London, and the liberties thereof, and the weekly bills of be in force mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, (the city for the cit7 of JVeftminJler, and liberties thereof, the borough of Southwark, {hTlIberti^s^ and the weekly bills of mortality, in the county of Surrey, ex- thereof and cepted), until a new or other afiize of bread, in London fhall be weekly bills fet; and that after the fixing or fetting of every such afiize of of mortality, bread by the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or by the lord  j.be°

mayor of the faid city for the time being, when the faid court Royal Ex-fhall not fit, the afiize fo from time to time fet fhall, with all change, convenient fpeed after the fetting thereof, be made publick in (Weftminfter, such manner as the faid court of mayor and aldermen fhall order or direct; but before any advance or reduction fhall in any week the bnis of be made in the price of bread by the faid court of mayor and mortality in aldermen, or the mayor of the faid city for the time being, the Surrey ex-meal weighers of the faid city for the time being, or such other ^be^ub™* per Ions as the faid court of mayor and aldermen fhall from time lifted forth-to time appoint to return the quantities and prices of wheat, and with, of meal and flour made of wheat, fhall leave in writing, at the common hall of the company of bakers, in the faid city of London, ^vanc^or a copy of the then laft returns of the quantities and prices of re'dudtion, wheat, and of meal and flour made of wheat, which they fhall can be made, make and enter in such book or books to be provided and kept the meal at the town clerk’s office as aforesaid, fome time of the fame day ^leave^at^ on which such meal weighers or other perfons fhall make such bakers hall, return and entry as aforesaid, to the intent that the faid company a copy of the of bakers may, the morning of the next day after every such laft returns, return and entry fhall be made, and before any afiize fhall be fet, from time to time have an opportunity to offer to the faid court of mayor and aldermen, if such court fhall then fit, and if such court fhall not then fit, to the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, all such objections as the faid company of bakers fhall have and think fit to offer againfl: any advance or reduftion being that day made, in London, in the price of bread.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That from The afiize and time to time, when and fo often as the faid court of mayor and fetac** aldermen, or the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being, cording to the fhall fet the afiize of bread in execution of this aft, the afiize and table here-weight of the bread to which such afiize fhall relate, and the unto annexed, prices to be paid for the fame refpeftively, fhall as near as can be fet and afcertained according to the following table, inftead of the table direfted to be made ufe of by the faid aft of the thirty— firft year of King George the Second ;

[The Table to face this page.]

XVII. Provided

not to be fold at the fame time as pecks, halfpecks, and quarterns.

Any corn meter, corn fadtor, baker, meal weigher, &c. who fhall negledt his duty, See.

and e^ghteeh- anY P^ace or places within the city of London^ or the liberties penny loaves, thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange aforeiaid, where any fixpenny, twc.vepenny, or eighteen-penny loaves, (hall at any time be ordered or allowed to be made or fold, no peck, halt peck, or quartern loaves, ihali be permitted or allowed at the fame time to be there made or fold, left any of thole forts of loaves might be fold defignediy, or other-wife, for fome other or others, of them, to the injury of unwary people ; and every perfon who (hall offend herein (hall, for every such offence, upon being convidted thereof, forfeit a turn not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, as the magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, before whom such offender fhall be convidted, fhall from time to time think (it.

XVIII. And be it likewife enacted, That if any corn meter of the city of London, or any corn fa61 or, baker, or other perfon, being or who fhall be a feller of wheat, or maker of bread for fale, within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, cr the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Ex-change, or any meal weigher of the citv of London, or other perfon or perfons who, in puriuan.ee of this a6f, fhall be appointed by the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city to certify and return the quantities and prices of wheat, or of meal and flour made of wheat, (hall in anywife negledt, omit, or refufe to nuke, deliver, or leave any such entry, account, or return, as is by this act required or diredled to be made, delivered, or left by him or them refpedtively, according to the true intern and meaning of this adt, or fhall clefignedly or knowingly make, deliver, or leave, or caufe to be made, delivered, or left, any falfe entry, return, or account, as ancjTor any such entry, return, or account, as is required by this adl, or if any conftable dr other peace officer fhall refufe or neglect to obferve or obey any warrant in writing, which (hall be delivered to him, under the hand and leal of any magiftrate or juftice of the peace, or to do any other adi requifite to be done by him or them for carrying this adt, or any of the powers or authorities hereby given, into execution, then every perfon fo offending in any of the premifes, on being convidted of any such offence, (hall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any fum not exceeding ten pounds, as the magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, before whom any such offender or offenders (hall be convidted, (hall think fit and order, every time he or they (hall fo offend, and be convidted of any such offence.

XIX. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any buyer or feller cf, or dealer in wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, within the faid city or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, on reafonable requeft to him or her made by any one or more of the meal weighers of the city of London, or - by any one or more of such other perfons who, in purfuance of this adt, fhall be appointed as aforefaid to return and certify, as hereby is diredted, the quanti-

to forfeit not exceeding iol.

Any buyer, Sec. who fhall refufe to dif-clofe true prices.

ties and prices of wheat, or me a

and flour made of wheat, (hall refufe

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98.  343

refufe to difclofe and make known to such meal weighers, or either of them, or such other perfon or perfons who fhail be fo appointed, and who fhail requeft the lame, the true and real prices which any quantities and forts of wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, which fhail have been bought or fold within the faid city or liberties thereof, or weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, at any time or times within the fpace of fourteen days then laft paff, by or for such buyer or feller of, or dealer in wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, Avail have been actually and borta fide bought or fold at, with all the feveral quantities and forts thereof, and the feveral apparent purposes for which the fame (hall have been bought refpedtivcly, or fhail knowingly give in to any fuGh meal weigher or other perfon,who fhail be appointed in purfuance of this a61 to return and certify, or receive the quantities and prices of wheat, or of meal or flour made of wheat, any falfe or untrue price or prices of any wheat, or of meal or flour made of wheat, bought or fold, or agreed fo to be, or knowingly give any untrue account of the quantities or forts of such wheat, or meal or flour made of wheat, or of the apparent purposes for which the fame refpedlively (hall have been bought, then and in every such cafe, he, flic, or they fo offending, on being convicted of any such offence by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or folemn-affirmation of any credible witnefs or witnefles, being a quaker or quakers, or on the confeffion of the party accufed,

(hall forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, as the magiftrate

or magiftrates, juftice orjuftices, before whom any such offendere cee in^ 10

or offenders fhail be convicled, fhail think fit and order, every

time he, fhe, or they (hall fo offend, and be convidfed of any such

offence.

XX. And be it further enadfed, That if the court of mayor When any and aldermen of the city of London, or the lord mayor of the faid ^efuf city for the time being, fhail, at any time within the fpace of pCfteci to fourteen days after any such return or account as aforefaid of made, the wheat, or of meal or flour, (hall have been made, have reafon court. See. to believe that the fame was not truly and bona fide made, then may himmon and in any such cafe it fhail be lawful for the faid court of mayor iTkely^give and aldermen, or the faid lord mayor for the time being, or of information, any of his Majesty’s juflices of the peace adding within the limits &c. he rein-be fore mentioned, to fummon before them or him any perfon or perfons then refiding within the jurifdidfion of the laid court, who fhail have bought or fold, or there (hall be reafon to believe have bought or fold, or agreed to buy or fell any wheat, or meal or flour made of w'heat, within the faid city, or liberties thereof, or the weekly bills of mortality, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, or who fhail be thought likely to give any information concerning the premifes, and to examine such perfon or perfons refpedlively upon oath touching the rates and prices which the feveral quantities and forts of wheat, and meal and flour made of wheat, or any of them, were then really and bona fide fold for, or bought at, or agreed fo to be, by him, her, or

z 4  them

Perfons for-fwearing themfelves, fubjeft to be

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

them refpedlively, or by any other perfon or perfons, at any time or times within the fpace of fourteen days preceding the fummon-ing of him, her, or them fo fummoned refpedlively; and if any perfon or perfons who fhall be fo fummoned as aforesaid, (hall negledf or refufe to appear <30 such fummons (and proof (hall be made on oath of such fummons having been duly ferved upon him, her, or them for that purpose) or if any perfon or perfons fo fummoned (hall appear, and negledf or refufe to anfwcr on oath such lawful quefxions pouching the premifes as (hall be pro-pofed to him, her, or them, by the fa id court of mayor and aldermen, or the faid lord mayor for the time being, or by the laid juftice or juftices, without fome juft or reafonable excufe, to be allowed of by such court, or lord mayor, or juftice, he, (he, or they fo offending, on being convicted of any such offence, either by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or vvitneffes, or his, her, or their own confeflion, before the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or before the faid lord mayor for the time being, or such juftice, (hall, on every such conviction, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds, as such court, or lord mayor, or juftice, (hall think fit and order; and if any perfon who fhall be fo examined on oath, or in taking any other oath directed to be taken by this a£t, (hall wilfully forfwear him or

prosecuted for herfelf, every such perfon (hall be fubjedf and liable to be profecuted

perjury.

Bakers, &c. not to ufe al

as for perjury, by indi&ment or information by due courfc of law, and if convidted (hall be liable to the penalties perfons coir, idled of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjedl and liable to.

XXI.  And be it further enacled, That no baker or other lum in makin Per^on ma^*ng or wh° (hall rnake bread for fa]e, within the city of bread1 for ^ °f London, or the liberties thpreof, or the weekly bills of morta-fale,  lity, or within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any journey-

man or other fervant of any such baker or other perfon as laft-rpentioned, fhall at any time or times hereafter, in the making of bread for fale, put any allum, or preparation or mixture in which allum (hall be an ingredient, or any other preparation or mixture in lieu of allum, into the dough of such bread, or in any wife ufe er caufe to be ufed any allum in the making of such bread, on any account, or under any colour or pretence whatfoever, upon pain that every such perfon, whether mafter, or journeyman, or other perfon, who fhall knowingly offend in the premifes, and fhall be convidled of any such offence, either by his, her, or their own confeflion, or bvthe oath of one or more credible wit-

• C  ’  *  *  J

°h ^ Tri n t nC^S °r w*tne^es> lhal], on every such conviction, forfeit and pay exceedm^iol. any ^um money not exceeding ten pounds, nop lefs than five nor lefs than pounds, or fhall, by warrant under the hand and feal or hands 5]. or of im- and feals of the magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice orjullices, prifonment before whom such offender (hall be convi&eci, be apprehended fix^nonthsin^ an<^ committed t0 the houfe of corre&ion, or fome prilon of the nor lefs than county, city, borough, or place, where the offence fhall have two.  been committed, or the offender or offenders (hall be appre-

hended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor lefs than two calendar

months^

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98.  345

months, from the time of such commitment, as any such magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice orjuftices (hall think fit and order ; and it (hall be lawful for the magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, before whom any such offender fhall be convided, and he and they is and are hereby required to caufe the offender’s name, place of abode, and offence, to be publifhed in fome newfpaper which fhall be printed or publifhed in or near the city of London, or the liberty o\ JVeJljninJler, and to defray the expence of publifhing the fame out of the money to be forfeited as lall-mentioned, if any (hall be fo forfeited, and fhall be paid or recovered.

XXII.  And be it further enaded,That it fhall and may be law- Wardmote ful for the feveral wardmote inquefts of the faid city of London, bakers from time to time, and at all feafonablc times in the day time, to fliops, &c. to enter into any houfe, fhop, ftall, bakehoufe, warehoufe, outhoufe, weigh and try or other place, of or belonging to any baker or feller’ of bread, bread, and within their refpedive wards, to view, weigh, and try all or any

of the loaves of bread which (hall be there expofed to or for fale, deficient, and if any of the loaves of bread fo expofed to or for fale, or which (hall be which (hall be carrying or conveying to or for any dealer therein, difpoled of by or confumer thereof, (hall be found to be wanting, either in the ^ates^1 " goodnefs of the fluff whereof the fame fhall be made, or to be deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or (hall be wanting in the due weight, (fuch weight to be afeertained within twenty-four hours after such bread fhall have been baked), or fhall not be truly marked according to the directions of the act of parliament, made and palled in the third year of the reign of his prefent iViajefty, such wardmote inqueft, or any four or more of the perfons compofing the fame, within their refpedive wards, fhall and may feize such bread, and after feizure thereof (hall, with all convenient fpeed, caufe the fame to be carried to any magiftrate or magiftrates of the faid city of London, who (hall and may difpofe thereof as he or they in his or their diferetion (hall think fit.

XXIII.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per- okftru&in” Tons (hall wilfully obftrud or hinder any fearch hercin-before fCArch or * authorifed to be made, or the feizure cf any bread which fhall he feizure of found upon any luch fearch, or the taking or carrying away the bread, from fame, he, fhe, or they, fo doing or offending (hall, upon being t0 2,03# convided thereof in manner as by the faid laft-mentioned a61 is direded, forfeit and pay, for every offence, any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, as the magiftrate

or magiftrates before whom such offender or offenders (hall be convicted (hall think fit to order.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded, That no corn meter, meal weigher, or other perfon who fhall be employed or concerned in fpe&eci or the preparing, making, or keeping, of any such general returns made known, of wheat, or of flour or meal made of wheat, as are by this ad except to such required and direded to be made, (hall, on any account or pre-

jtence whatfoever caufe or permit such returns, or any of them, to as suchVe- * be infpeded by, or any of the particulars thereof refpedively to turns are in-

be tended to be

3

mfpeded and examined by, on penalty from iol. to »al.

Certain ciaafes, pro-v'dions, and directions, in

Anno regni triceiimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 98. [1796.

be rmde known to any perfon or perfons without the order of the lord mayor for the time being of the city of London, for that purpose firft obtained, fave and except only such magiftrates, officers, and other perfons as such returns are intended to be infpeded and examined by from time to time, according to the true intent and meaning of this acf, for the purpose of carrying the fame into execution ; and every perfon who fhall offend herein, (hall, for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lei's than ten pounds, as the magiftr3te or magiftrates, juftice or juftkes, before whom such offender fhall be convicted, fhall from time to time think fit.

XXV.  And be it alfo enaded, That 'the claufes, provrfions, and directions, contained in the faid in part recited act of the thirty-fir ft year of King George the Second, for empowering

thetaiJrecited magiftrates to hear and determine offences againft the faid ad in a fumrnar)' wa>S and fummon and examine evidences, and con-vi<?c offenders, and for recovering penalties and otherwife punifh-ing offenders, and for authoriling perfons thinking thenlfeives aggrieved to appeal to the juftices at the general or quarter fellions of the peace, and the claufes and directions in the fame ad contained for protecting and indemnifying magiftrates and other officers under the faid ad, fhall refpedively extend and relate to this prefent ad, and, fo far as the fame are applicable to the purposes of this ad, fhall be exercifed for putting this ad in execution, and enforcing the provifions and diredions thereof, in such and the fame manner as if the fame feveral claufes were herein contained, and at large re-enaded.

XXVI.  And be it further enaded, That aft magiftrates, and all other perfons whomfoever, fhall be entitled to and have all such other the privileges, protedions, and indemnifications, in all refpeds whatfoever, for what they fhall lawfully do in putting this adf in execution, as they are entitled to and have by the laws already enaded and now in being relative to the making of bread, and felling, or expofing the fame to or for fale, for putting the laid laws in execution.

XXVII.  And beit further enaded. That no Certiorari, letters of advocation or of fufpenfion, fhall be granted to remove any convidion or ocher proceedings had thereon in purfuance of

under this ad. this ad.

Limitation of XXVIII Provided always, and be it likewife enaded. That profecutions. no perfon (hall be convicted of any offence under this ad, unlels Offenders con- the profecution in order for such convidion fhall be commenced Wll^m l°urreen days after the oflence committed; and that no for the fame perfon who lhali he profecuted to convidion for any offence offence under done or committed againft this ad, (hall be liable to be profecuted nny other for the fame offence under any other law.

*aw,T  XXIX.  And  be  it alfo enaded. That all penalties and forfei-

Application of ^ures by this ad inflicted fhall, when recovered or paid, go and be pena ties. difpofed of in manner following; (that is to fay), One moiety thereof, where any offender or offenders fhall be convided, either by hisj her, or their confeffion, or by the oath of one or more

credible

Privileges, indemnities, &c. to magi ftrates.

No Certiorari, See. fhall be granted to remove proceedings



1796.] Anno regni tritefimo feptimo Georgxi lll.c. 99 —101. 347

credible witnefs or witnefles, fliall go and be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform againft and profecute to convidtion .any such offender or offenders, and the other moiety thereof, or in cafe there be no such perfon informing, then the whole thereof,

(hall go and be paid or applied to or for the ufe of the poor of the parifh wherein such offence (hall be committed, or the party convifted, as the juffice or juftices, before whom such offender or offenders (ball be convidted, fhall in his or their difcretion think ft.

XXX.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Preservation adt, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend to prejudice ol

any right or cuftom of the city of London, or the practice there ufed, or any right or cultom of any lord or lords of any leet, to fet, enquire, arid punifh the breach of affize of bread within their refpedlive leers, or views of frankpledge, or the rights of any clerk or clerks of the market in any place.

XXXI.  And be it further enadted, That all and every the Com men redirections, regulations, powers, and authorities of this adt (hall meat of this commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and per- a<^* formed, immediately from and after the fir ft day of Auguft one thousand (even hundied and ninety-seven, unlefs otherwife efpe-

daily directed by this adt.  ,  .  ,  ■

CAP. X.CIX.

An a61 to revive and continue the bounties granted by an adt, made in the twenty'-hxth year of the reign of his preient Majelty, tor encouraging the fi flier its carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britiih dominions in Europe;.to continue fo much of an adt, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefect Majelty, as permits the importation and exportation of certaingoods, wares, and merchandizes, in foreign lhips, into and from the port of Saint John’s in the ifland of Antigua ; and lb much of an adt, made in the thirty-third year of the reign ‘of his prefect Majesty, as permits fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, to carry on the manufadture of Maidltonc geneva; and alfo fo much of an adt, made in the jthirty-iifth year of the reign of his prefent Majelty, for better fecuring the duties on glafs, as was to continue for a limited time,—

[July 4,1797-3

Adt 26 Geo. 3.C. 26 revived from Jan. i, 1797, and continued for two years So much of 33 Geo 3. c. 50. as refpedts the port of Saint John’s m Antigua continued until July io, 1801. Meliks. Biihop maf make Maidftone geneva until July 5, 1799, fubjedt to the prefent duties. So much of 35 Geo. 3. c. 114. as was to continue until July 5, 1797, further continued for a year.

CAP. C.

An adt for extending the Monmouthfhire canal navigation ; 2nd for explaining an adt, palled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign ol his prefect Majelty, for making the faid canal.— [July 4,1797.]

CAP. CL

An adt for enlarging and improving the harbour of Aberdeen, for building new quays, wharfs, and docks, and for making new roads and pallages, and widening others leading to and from the (aid harbour.— [July 4> 1797.]

CAP.

348 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 102. [1796.

CAP. CII.

An aft for granting to his Majefy additional duties on diflilkries in the feveral parts of the highlands ^/"Scotland herein particularly deferibed^ for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on dijlillers in the refpeftive dt/lrifts in Scotland.—[July 19, 1797. ]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble, T T 7y°ur Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the com-VV mons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majedy’s publick expences, and making addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant to your Majedy the additional duties herein-after mentioned; and do mod humbly befeech your Majedy that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. The following That there fhall be raifed, levied, colleded and paid, to and for additional the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs and fucceflbrs, for and in refped to beS<aidXhi^e  ^evera^  matters  and  things  herein  after  mentioned, over

Scotland; and above all the duties already impofed for or in refped thereof by any act or ads of parliament, the further duties of excife herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,

On licences granted after July 5. 1797, for tredling Hills in the highlands within the limits fpecified in 33 Geo.

3. c.61. (except as herein after dtferibed), for each gallon of the contents, where barley, Sec. of the

For and upon all licences which fhall be granted bv the com-miflioners of excife in Scotland, at any time after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for.the eroding, keeping, and working dills in the highlands of Scotland^ within the counties, parts of counties, and limits, in a certain ad, pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An aftfor the regulation of diflillers in Scotland, and the exportation of Britifh-m ade fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time, particularly fpecified and described, except such part of the faid highlands of Scotland as lie within the counties, parts of counties, and places, herein-after particularly fpecified and deferibed, the additional duties following; that is to fay, Upon every gallon, EngUfo wine meafure, of the cubical wth within cont^nt or capacity of each and every such dill, (including the fhe faid llmitT head and every Part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other is ufed, 61. apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomi-ics. per ann.: nation the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which from and after the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, (hall be ufed or employed in diddling and drawing off fpirits from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of the feveral and refpedive counties, or parts of counties, mentioned in the faid ad, except as aforesaid, the additional compofition, licence duty, or fum, after the rate of fix pounds and ten (hillings for one year:

And for and upon all fpirits which (hall be manufadured from suchlicenfed dill over and above the quantity limited by this ad.

an

and for each gallon diftill-td above a

1796*] Anno regni triceflmo feptimo Georgxi III. c. 102.  §49

an additional duty of four (hillings and four-pence for each gallon limited quan-of such furplus fpirits, to be paid upon demand by the diifiller tlt^ 43*4^* thereof:  '

And for and upon all licences which fhall be granted after the On licences fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, by the (aid commiflioners, for the ereCting, keeping and work- parts herein-ing, (tills in such parts of the faid highlands as lie within the after fpecified, counties, parts of counties, and places, herein-after particularly f°r each gal-lpecified and defcribsd, the additional duties following; (that'is to fay,) Upon every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cubical where barley, content or capacity of each and every such ftill, (including the See. of growth head and every part thereof, and of any horn* pipe, tube, or other within those apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or deno-  !

mination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fteam * can afeend), which, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be ufed or employed in diftilling and drawing off fpirits from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of the feveral and refpeftive counties, or parts of counties, and places, herein-after particularly fpecified and deferibed, the additional compofition, licence duty, or fum, after the rate of four pounds for one year:

And for and upon all fpirits which fhall be manufactured from such licenfed ftill as laft mentioned, over and above the annual above a quantity limited by this aft, an additional duty of two (hillings limited qtiui-and eight-pence for each gallon of such furplus fpirits, to be paid tity, aa. 3d* upon demand by the diftilier thereof.

II.  And be it further enabled, That the feveral duties by this Powers of 33

aft impofed fhall be raifed, collected, recovered, fecured, and  a*n^‘^j

paid, by such perfons, in such manner, and by such ways andothera£s means, and under such management, and under and fubjeft to relating to the such rules, regulations, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, and diftilleries in with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and cepfothermfe forfeitures, and with and fubjeft to such powers, and to the like ^reded) to allowances and directions, and by such methods, and in such extend to this manner and form, (except where otherwife exprefsly directed or aCt. provided by this aft), as by the faid aft, made in the thirty-third

year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for the regulation of diftilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of  made  fpirits from

England to Scotland, andfrom Scotland tp England, or any other aft or afts of parliament now in force concerning diftilleries in Scotland, is direfted or preferibed ; and that all the provifions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, regulations, conditions, and directions, mentioned and contained in the faid aft or aCts refpeftively, (except as aforefaid), (hall be praftifed and put in execution for the railing, levying, recovering, fecuring, or paying, the duties by this aft impofed in manner in the faid afts directed, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and enafted in this aft.

III.  And be it further enafted. That.all the monies arifing by

the duties by this aft impofed, (the neceflary charges of raifing exchequer,^

and

to the confo-lidated fund.

350 Anno regni. tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 102. [ 1796-

pud carried and accounting for the fame excepted), (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at JVeJJminj}eri and the fa id monies fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be carried toand made part of the confolidated fund. Uie^dutiesU  IV. Provided always, and be it further enad'ed, That all the

monies arifing or to arife by the laid duties, or any of them, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be created by virtue of any adt or adts paffed, or to be palled, in this feflion of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall during the continuance of this add, be paid into the faid receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejhninjler, diftinctly Duties, with and apart from all ocher branches of the publick revenue ; and others granted that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates or duties granted in this feflion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

V. And be it further enabled, That all licences granted fince

for the fame purpose- to be kept feparate.

Licences granted between Dec. i, 1796, and July 5,

1797’ to ceafe from the latter day, and on being delivered up by July 2s, a proportion of the duties to be returned, if the full quantity of lpirits f peel -fied in recited aft (hall not have been diftilled.

Stills within certain limits to be lieenk d for a year, from July 5,

J79 7* on payment of 4I. additional duty ;

the firft day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or to be granted before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the creeling, keeping, and working flills, fhall, from and after the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, ceafe and determine, in and throughout all the counties and parts of counties and diftridls, in the faid adt of the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty particularly deferibed and fpecified as the highlands of Scotland, fave and except as to any arrears of the faid duties which may, on the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, remain in arrear and unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred on or before that day ; and all and every perfon or perfons fo licenfed, who (hall deliver up such licence to be vacated before or on the expiration of twenty days after the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, (provided such diftiller or diftillers (ball not have diftilled the full quantity of fpirits fpecified in the faid a<S! of the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty), (hall upon the delivery of such licence as aforesaid, be entitled to a return of a part of the duty paid thereupon for the prefent year, in proportion to the period of the year then unexpired.

VI. And be it further enatfed, That all Hills fo to be licenfed to be fet up in the counties, parts of counties, and places, hereinafter mentioned and deferibed, that is to fay, In any place which lies to the wefhvard or northward of a certain line or boundary, beginning at the eaft point of Loch Crinan, and proceeding from thence to Loch Gilpin; from thence along the great road on the weft fide of Loch Fine, to Inver ary, and to the head of Loch Fine; from thence along the high road to Arvo char, in the county of Dunbarton, and from thence to Tar bet; from Tarbet, in a fuppofed

Tonole ftrai3ht

.  VjOVjglV

179®-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 102.  351

ftraight line eaftward, on the north fide of the mountain called Benlomond, to the village of Calendar of Monteith, in the county of Perth; from thence north-eaftward to Crieff\ from thence northward along the road by Ambleree and Inver, to, Dunkeld-y from thence along the foot and fouth fide of the Grampion Hills to Fetter Cairn, in the county of Kinkardine; and from thence northward* along the road, by Cutties, Hillock, Kincardine, O'NealClatty Huntley, and Keith, to Fockahars; and from thence weft ward, by and Forres, to the boat on the river Find horn; and from thence down the faid river to the fea of Findhorn,. and any place in or part of the county of Elgin, which lies to the fouthward of the faid line from Foehabars to the fea at Findhorn, fhaii be licenfed for the term of one whole year, from the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payment of die compofition or licence duty, at and after the rate of ^hia four pounds, in addition to the duties already impofed thereon any, 0ther by any ad or ads in force on and immediately before the palling part of the of this ad, for each gallon Englifl) wine meafure of the content high lands, or capacity of such hill; and all {tills fo to be licenfed to be fetjn lip in any other part of the faid highlands of Scotland, asdeferibed c. 6 in the faid ad of the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent payment of Majesty, except the countiec, parts ofcounties, and places herein* 61- 10$ a^Uli-before particularly fpecified and deferibed, {hall be licenfed for the like term as aforesaid, on payment of the compofition of licence ^ cfthur * duty, at and after the rate of fix pounds and ten {hillings, in ad- contents, dition to the faid duties already impofed thereon as aforefaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further ennded, That if this noc'c'jntinu-ad fhall not continue in force during the whole period of thcjnforjea‘ year for which such licences as aforefaid fhall be granted, every year, a pro-didiller fo to be licenfed, fhall be intituled to a return' of a part of portion of the the duty paid thereupon in proportion to the unexpired period ^t^ned^&c of the year for which such licences (hall be granted, remaining  7

at the expiration of this ad, provided such diftiiler {hall nor have diHilled the full quantity of fpirits fpecified in this aft for which such licenfed duty is hereby declared to be a compofition.

VIII- Provided always, and be it further ennded, That no (Till Limits withio within the counties, parts of counties, or places herein-hefore particularly deferibed, and fpecified to be luhjed to the duty at leafed, the rate of four pounds by this ad, fhall be licenfed to be fet up or worked nearer than two Englijh ftatute miles within the faid line 6r boundary, nor within any part or place within the counties of Elgin or Banff, not being diftant from the neared part of the fea fhore more than three Englijh ftatute miles; and that no {fill within any other part of the faid highlands, as deferibed in the faid ad of the thirty-third year of the reign of his piefeuc Majesty, without the counties, parts of counties, and places hereinbefore particularly fpecified and deferibed, fhall be licenfed to he fet up or worked nearer than two Englijh ftatute miles within and from the faid line or boundary, as deferibed in the faid ad of the thirty-third year of the reign cf his prefent Majesty.

IX, Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no ftill No ftill to be

(haJ1 licenfed to

Anno regni tricefimd feptimo GeoUgii III. c. 102. [179^6*

ciiftil from  fliall be licenfcd to be fet up within the counties, parts of coun-

bmoVth^e *  ties> °r P^2CCS ^^re’n-before particularly fpecified and defcribed,

growth of f°r diftilling or drawing off fpirits from the barley, beer, or certain limits, bigg, of the growth of any county or place without the line or boundary herein-before particularly fpecified aiid defcribed ; and that no (fill (hall be libenfed to be fet up in any other part of the faid highlands, without the line and boundary herein-before particularly fpecified and defcribed, for the diftilling or drawing off fpirits from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of any county or place not within the faid highlands, as defcribed in the faid ad of the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Ma-dUtiUer"0n  je^7> an<^ ft any licenfed diftiller within the counties, parts of

buying or  counties, and places herein-before particularly fpecified and de-

ufihg barley,  fcribed, fhall import or bring, buy, receive, or ufe, for the pur-

&c. not of the pofe of diftillation, any barley, beer, malt, or grain, not being lu^h n^ihts  growth  and produce of those counties, or of thofe

parts and places of counties, only which are herein-before particularly defcribed and fpecified ; or if any licenfed diftiller in any other part of the faid highlands of Scotland, not being within the counties, parts of counties, or places herein-before particularly fpecified and defcribed, fhall import orbring, buy, receive, or ufe, for the purpose of diftillation, any barley, beer, malt, or grain, not being the actual growth and produce of the counties, parts of counties, and places only, which are by the faid ad of the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty particularly fpecified and defcribed as the highlands of Scotland, every such diftiller fhall forfeit twenty (hillings per bufhel for all such grain or malt, and alfo his or her current licence, and (bill and utenfils, and upon being convicted thereof lhall be incapable of ever afterwards receiving another licence as a highland diftiller.

Spirits paffing- X. And be it further enaded, That no fpirits, the manufadure limits* to be"  to  ^et UP within any of the counties, parts of

forfeited, with counties, or places herein-before particularly fpecified and de-theveflcls,  fcribed, fhall be allowed to pafs out of the faid limits with or

&c*  without permit, either by land or water, acrofs the line or

boundary herein-before fpecified, or from the coafts or ports of any of the counties or diftrids included within the faid line or boundary, and that no fpirits, the manufacture of (bills licenfed to be fet up within any other part of the faid highlands without the faid counties, part of counties, and places herein-before particularly fpecified and defcribed; fhall be allowed to pafs out of the faid highlands, as defcribed by the faid ad of the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, with or without permit, either by land or water, acrofs the line or boundary in the faid ad exprefied, or from the coafts or ports of any of the counties, parts of counties, or places within the faid highlands, as defcribed as iaft afore/aid ; and that all fpirits diftilled within the refpedive limits in this ad, or in the faid aft of the thirty-third year ofthe reign of his prefent Majesty defcribed, that fhall be found pafling to or in other parts without those refpedive limits, or from the coafts ofthe faid kingdom, either with or without permit* fhall be liable

to

Hoste 

353

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c.

to feizure by any officer or officers of cuftoms or excife in England or Scotland reflectively, and fhall be forfeited and loft, together with the cafks, veiTels, and other packages, containing the fame; and alfo the veffels and boats, horfes and other cattle and carriages made ufe of in the removal or conveyance thereof; and if any licenfed diftiller fhall fend or carry, or knowingly per- D^j]]ers ac^ mit or fuffer to be fent or carried, from his or her diftillery or jng contrary* other place, any fpirits diftillechby him or her under such licence, hereto, to for-contrary to this acf, every such licenfed diftiller, fhall, for every fat *°°b such offence, forfeit and pay the fum'of one hundred pounds.

XL And be it further enafted, That when the additional ^a"^ltfor compofition duty, after the rate of fix pounds and ten (hillings vv\nchthe°r impofed by this a<?c, fliall be paid by a ft ill of forty gallons, such additional duty fhall be held to be a compofition for the duty on dry malt, duty (hall to the extent of f\ve hundred bolls Linlithgow meafure, or three he deemed a thousand bufhels, and no more; and when the additional compo-  '  *

fition duty, after the rate of four pounds,.impofed by this a£f,

(hall be paid for a Till of forty gallons, such duty fhall be held to be a compofition for the duty on dry malt, to the extent of four hundred and fifty bolls Linlithgow meafure, or two thousand seven hundred bufhels, and no more; and-where any such compofition duty fhall be paid for any ftill of a leffer fize the like proportion fhall be obferved as to the quantity of malt for which such duty fhall he held to be a compofition; and that for all malt which (hall be ufed or made by any diftiller paying the compofition duties laft mentioned, there (hall be paid by such diftiller the fame duties to which the entered maltfter (hall be then liable by the laws of excife.

XII. And be it further enadfed, That fo much of two afls, So much of pafted in the twenty-fixth and twenty-eighth years of the reign his prefent Majesty, as enadls, that every officer of excife who 2g Q*eo> fhould in that part of Great Britain called Scotland feize and bring c. 46. as to condemnation any ftill by those acts made liable to feizure and grants rewards forfeiture, (except in cafe of such ftill or ftills being feized on the offi^ers^feizin difcovery of any other perfon in the manner therein-dfter fpeci-^qjg  ®

fted), fhould be entitled to a reward of two {hillings and fixpence perfons dif-Jlerling for every gallon of the content or capacity-of such ftill, covering ftills including the head thereof, to be paid out of his IVlajefty’s duties f^zure°and in Scotland\ upon an order from the faid commiffioners of excife, inflicts* which order the faid commiffioners.where thereby authorifed and punifhment required to grant; provided neverthelefs, That such reward fhould on officers not exceed the fum of twenty-one pounds Jlerling for any one ftill fo feized as aforefaid ; and if any perfon (not being an officer aruJ grants* of excife) fhould make difcovery of any ftill liable to feizure and rewards to forfeiture as aforesaid, fo as that the lame fhould be feized and perfons mak-condemned, such perfon or perfons fhould be entitled to a re- of^c^r?eaint ward of one (hilling and fixpence Jlerling for every gallon or the fc^repeakd. capacity or content of such ftill, to he paid on the condemnation thereof; provided alfo. That such reward lhouid not exceed the fum of ten pounds and ten (hillings for any one ftill fo forfeited >as laft aforefaid; and the officers or officer of excife by whom the Vol. XL!.  A a  fame

354 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii HI. c, 103. [1796.

fame fhould be feized fnould alfo be entitkd to a reward of one (hilling (le cling for every gallon of the content or. capacity of such {fill, fo that such lad mentioned reward fhould not for any one {bill exceed the furri of ten pounds and ten (hillingsJlerling, and that such feveral rewards fhould be paid by order of the faid commiffioners of excife as aforefaid ; and if by reafon of the fmall fize of any such dill or dills the faid commiffioners of excite fhould think any of the rewards aforefaid infufficient, the faid commiffioners fhould and they were thereby authorifed to augment the fame refpedtively, not exceeding the refpedtive fums aforefaid *, and alfo fo much of the faid act as further enadts, that if any officer of excife fhould, for the fpace of twenty-four hours after he fhould have received information of such dill being un~ lawfully ereided. ufed, or kept, or of any worts, wafh, tilts, or low wines, prepared and intended to be unlawfully ufed in diltil-lation, wilfully negledt to feizo the fame refpe&ively, every such officer fo offending fhould, upon complaint made thereof, and proof of the fa£t to the fatisfadt ion of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, be difmiffed from his or their office, and fhould never afterwards be capable of ferving his Majedy in any office or place of trud whatever, and ftiould moreover forfeit and lofe all such (alary as fhould be due to him at the time of his difmiffion ; and in cafe the perfon or perfons making such complaint fhould be the fame perfon or perfons who gave the information as aforefaid to the officer or officers fo difmiffed, such perfon or perfons fhould be entitled to a reward of'one fhilling and fixpence Jlerling for every gallon of the contents or capacity of the faid dill or dills, to be paid by the order of the faid commiffioners of excife out of the revenues of excife ; fhali be and the fame and every part thereof are hereby repealed.

Continuance XIII. And be it further enabled, That the feveral regulations ©fa<5h  anc|  provjfjons  of  this  adl  (hall continue'and be in force until

one month after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament.

c a p. cm.

An aft to raife and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.—[July 19, 1797.]

Preamble.  K  E  R  E  A  S  it  has  been  found, from experience, that the

v V well ordering and di/ciplining the militia in England and Wales, has effentially contributed to the fcifety of the united kingdom : and whereas it would further contribute to the fame purpose, and tend to repel any attempt which the enemies of this country may make to e ffeft a defeent upon this kingdom, if a well ordered and difeiplined militia were eftablijhed in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland : arid whereas the laws now in being for the regulation of the fenable men, or militia, in Scotland, are defeftive and ineffectual: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majedy, by and with Hie advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and

commons.

1)96.] Aniio regni tricefimo feptimd Georgii III. c. 103.  355

commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral lieutenants whom his The lieute-Majefty has already been pleafed to conftitute and appoint, or whom he hereafter may or (hall from time to time be pleafed to together, and conftitute and appoint, for the counties, ftewartries, cities, and caufetobe places, herein-after mentioned, fhall have full power and autho- trained, cer-ritv, and are hereby required to call together, array, and caufe ^nd th^^anci to be trained and exercifed, such perfons, and in such manner as deputy is herein-after dire&ed * and the faid lieutenants, and such per- lieutenants, fons as they have appointed* or fhall from time to time appoint, and officers, their deputy lieutenants, and alfo such perfons as his Majesty fhall from time to time appoint to ferve as colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and such officers as fhall be appointed by the lieutenants of the counties and ftewartries purfuant to the directions of this a61, qualified as herein-after directed, fhall have the power and authority to call out, train, difcipline, and command, Lieutenant to the perfons To to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, command^^ orders, and directions, herein-after mentioned : provided always, whj]ft the mi-That the lieutenant of every county, ftewartry* city, or place, litia remains fhall have the chief command of the militia thereof, whilft they within the

remain within the faid county, ftewartry, city, or place, or whilft ,  J J.1- wnillt not m-

they remain feparate and not incorporated into battalions by his corporated.

Majefty’s commands, as herein-after directed.  f

II.  And be it further ena&ed, That when any county or flew-  the*

artry fhall furniffi men fufficient for one or more complete com- officers to

pany or companies, the captains, lieutenants, and enfigns, of companies,

fuch company or companies fhall be appointed by the lieutenant Lirni/hed by , x. j  a  * *  j  one or more

of such county ; and where the men fo furnifhed mail not be fuf- than two

ficient for a company, the lieutenant of the county furnifhing the counties*

greateft fractional part of such company fhall appoint the captain*

the lieutenant of the county furnifhing the next moft confiderable

fractional part fhall appoint the lieutenant; and the lieutenant of

the county furnifhing the next moft confiderable fractional part

fhall appoint the eniign.

III.  And be it further enadted, That where the men furnifhed

by two counties only are required to form one company, or the two CoUaties, fractional part of a company, the lieutenant of the county furnifhing the largeft fractional part of such company fhall ap-

point the captain * and the lieutenant of the other county fir all appoint the lieutenant and enfign.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may from Lieutenant to

time to time fignify his pleafure to his lieutenant, to difplace  ,^'3

any deputy lieutenant or commiffioned officers in the militia ap- o^^rs^viicn pointed by the lieutenant, and thereupon the lieutenant fhall pjs Majesty fo difplace such deputy lieutenant or officers accordingly.  pleafes.

V.  And be it further enacted, That his Majesty’s lieutenant Lieutenant to for any county, ftewartry, or place, may and fhall appoint a appoint a clerk for the general meetings within such county, ftewartry, or

place, and may difplace such clerk if he fhall think fit, and ap- |n'„g. " point another in his room ; and the deputy lieutenants, at their ^ deputy firft: meeting within their refpe&ive fub-divifions or diftricls, or the lieutenants

a a 2

major one for dif triCts.



356 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 103. [1796.

His Majesty may authorife three depu* ti s to act when the lieutenant is out of the kingdom, or when there fhall be no lieutenant.

Revocation of the lieutenant’s com* miffion not to vacate those granted by him.

Rank of the officers.

Qualification of officers, except within Edinbu rgh and its liberties.

major part of them prefent, may and (hall appoint a clerk for their fub-divilion crdiftridl, and may, at any other meeting within their fub-divifion or diftridl, difplace such clerk, if they, or the-major part of them prelent, (hall think fit, and appoint another in his room.

VI.  And be it further enacted. That when the lieutenant of any county, ftewartry, city, or other place, (hall be out of the kingdom of Great Britain, or when there (hall be no lieutenant, it (hall be lawful for his Majesty to 2uthorife any three deputy lieutenants of such county, ftewartry, city, or place, to do all acts, matters, and things, which might lawfully have been done by the faid lieutenant; and the fame fhall be good and valid in the law as if dene by the faid lieutenant himfelf.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That no commiffion of any deputy lieutenant, nor any‘commiffion of any officer of the militia already granted, or to be granted by any lieutenant, fhall be vacated by reafon of the revocation, expiration, or di[continuance of the commiffion by which any such lieutenant was appointed.

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That the officers fo appointed for the militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein-after directed, fhall rank with the officers of such of his Majesty’s forces as are liable to ferve out of Great Britain as youngeft of their rank. -

IX.  And be it further enadied. That all perfons to be appointed officers of militia in purfuance of this ad (except within the city of Edinburgh and its liberties) (hall be qualified as follows; that is to fay, Every perfon fo to be appointed a colonel or lieutenant colonel fhall be poffefted of an eftate in property of four hundred pounds Scots valued rent in Scotland, or (hall be heir apparent of fome pei lon who (hall be poflefied of an eftate of four hundred pounds Scots of valued rent as aforefaid ; and each perfon fo to be appoimH a major or captain fhall be in like manner poflefled of an eftate of three hundred pounds Scots of valued rent, or fhall be heir apparent of fome perfon who fhall be pof-fefled of an eftate of three hundred pounds Scots of valued rent as aforesaid, hr fhall be a younger fon of fome perfon who fhall be, or at the time of his death was in like manner poflefled of an eftate of four hundred pounds Scots of Valued rent as aforesaid, or fhall be poflefied of a perfonal eftate alone to the amount of two thousand pounds fterling, or fhall be fon of fome perfon who fhall be, or at the time of. his death was poflefled of a perfonal eftate alone to the amount of two thousand pounds fterling; and that each perlon fo to be appointed a lieutenant or enfign fhall be in like manner poffefTed of an eftate of one hundred pounds Scots of valued rent, or fhall be fon of fome perfon who fhall be, or at the time of his death was in like manner poflefled of an eftate of three hundred pounds Scots of valued tent as aforesaid, or fhall be poflefied of a perfonal eftate alone to the amount of one thousand pounds fterling, or lhail be foil of fome perfon who fhall be, or at the time of his death was poflefled of a perfonal eftate of one thousand pounds fterling: provided always, That one moiety of such real effaces as aforesaid, required as qualifications for each

colonel,



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii HI. c. 103.  357

colonel, lieutenant colonel, major captain, lieutenant, and enfign refpe&ively, (hall be fituate or arifing within such refpec-% tive county or ftewartry in which he (hall be fo appointed to ferve.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if a fufficient number of lieutenants and enfigns cannot be found, ^ f0yn^ qualified as aforesaid, to accept of commilfions in the militia to officers in the be raifed, it (hall be lawful for the faid lieutenants to appoint for army, &c. that fervice such a number of the officers in the army, whether

on full or half pay, or of perfons who have had commiffions in nakems. any of his Majesty’s regular or fencible forces,' or in any volunteer corps in Scotland, although not duly qualified as aforesaid, such officers not to be appointed, on their fit ft appointment, to any higher rank in the laid militia than they refpectively have, or have had, in his Majesty’s other regular, fencible, or volunteer forces*

XI.  And be it further enabled, That no commiffioned officer

fhall a<51 as such until he (hall have left with the clerk of the peace ]eaJe t^ejr of the county or ftewartry for which he fhall be fo appointed, a qualifications fpecific description, of his qualification, as is herein-before re- with the clerk quired, in writing, figned by himfelf; and such clejrk of the ^Centered peace fhall enter the fame upon a roll to be kept for that pur- on a roffi pofe; which roll (hall be open to the infpedfion of every perfon at common and ufual hours, without fee, gratuity, or reward of , any kind.  '

XII.  And be it further enacfted, That every lieutenant and Lieutenants, deputy lieutenant of the feveral counties and ftewartries, and o^ersS^0°^ the city of Edinburgh, and every commiffioned officer of the faid ta^e^ Within militia, (hall, at fome general quarter feffions of the peace, or fix months, before the (herifF depute or fubftitute of the county for which the tollowing they are appointed to-ferve, or before any of the magiftrates of Edinburgh, within fix calendar months after he fhall have

accepted his commiffion, take the following oath :

4  T A. B. do folemnly promife and fwear, That I will be faithful oath.

JL and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George.

So help me G O D.'

XIII.  And be it enadted, That if any perfon (hall execute any Penalty on of the powers hereby conferred as field officers in the militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or who (hall not take the oath afore- qualified, • faid, every such perfon fhall forfeit and pay the futn of two hundred or have not pounds fterling ; and if any perfon (hall execute any of the powers taken the hereby conferred on captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, 0Atil* and fhall not take the oath aforelaid, every such perfon fhall forfeit and pay, the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, one moiety whereof (hall go to the ufe of such perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, and the other moiety to the ufes herein-after directed ; and in every adlion, fait, or information, brought againft any perfon for acting as a commiffioned officer in the faid militia, not being qualified as herein-before deferibed, the •  A  a  3  proof

Officers may be promoted by the lieute -

358 Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

proof of his qualification, or of his having taken the oaths, (hall be upon the perfon againft whom the faid adlion (hall be brought: Peers, or their provided always. That nothing in this adf contained (hall reftrain rentS ma^adt 0r Prevent anY Peer Scotland., or heir apparent of any such peer, without being fr°m being appointed or acting as a commiffioned officer in the qualified. militia, within the county, ftewartry, city, or place, wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer, fhall have fome place of refidence, although he may not have the qualification hereinbefore required, or to oblige fhy peer of this realm, or any heir apparent of such peer, who fhall be appointed a commiffioned officer as aforesaid, to leave with the clerk of the peace for the county, ftewartry, city, or place, for which he fhall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always, That any officer may be promoted, on account of merit, in the faid jnant for their militia, when called out and affiemblcd by the lieutenant of any merit, though COunty, ftewartry, city, or pface, from a lower to a higher not qua 1 e . comrniffion, notwithftanding he fhould not have the qualification maS ^ncor^o re<lui^lte f°r admiffion into such higher rank of the militia ; rate the mili- an^ t^iat  be lawful for his Majesty, in the cafe herein-after

tia of feveral provided/or, of judging it in his wifdom expedient to incorporate counties, and together the militia of feveral counties, ftewartries, cities or places, into one or more battalions, to promote any officers in the faid different militias to ferve as field officers in such incorporated battalions, on account of merit, though not having the qualification neceflary for such higher rank.

XiV. Provided alfo, and be it enadfed, That the acceptance of an appointment to be a lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or-of a commiffion in the faid militia, fhall not vacate the feat of any vacate feats member returned to ferve in parliament, nor fhall any such ac-parliament. ceptance or appointment, or any such commiffion, render any perfon whatsoever ineligible to ferve in parliament; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. Number of the XV. And be it further enadled, That the number of private private militia men to be raifed by virtue of this ad!, fhall be fix thouland, to men.  be apportioned and divided over the feveral counties, ftewartries,

cities, and places, as his Majesty by order in council fhall diredf.

XVL And be it further enadtcd, That the method for carrying into execution this act, to be obferved in the year one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be as followeth ; that is to fay, His Majesty’s lieutenant for each county, ftewartry, city, or place, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the abfence of his Majesty’s lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, fhall meet at lome burgh or principal town of the county, ftewartry, or place, for which they fhall be commiffioned, on the firft day of Augnjl, and fhall at their firft general meeting appoint fub-divifions or diftridts of the deputy lieutenants, within their refpeiftive counties, ftewartries, boroughs, and places, and the times and places for their firft meetings, within the faid fub-divifions or diftridls lefpedtively, and the time and place for a

fecond

promote officers to be field officers therein on account of merit.

Appointments in the militia not to

Method of carrying the adt into execution.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georg 11 III. c. 103.  359

fecond general meeting, and {hall ifTue out their orders to the fchoolmafter of each parifh, and to the chief conftable, and where there is no chief conftable to fome other officer of the feveral diftricfts, parifhes, or other divifions, within their refpe£tive counties, flewartri.es, or places, to require, by orders under their hands, the faid fchoolmafter, conftable, or other officer of each parifti or place, within their refpe&ive diftricfs, parifties, or other divifions, to return to the deputy lieutenants, within their refpedlive fub-divifions, at the place and on the day appointed at the faid firft general meeting, fair and true lifts in writing of all the men ufually and at that time dwelling within their refpe&ive parifties and places, between the ages of nineteen and twenty-three inclufive, diftinguifhing their refpe&ive ranks and occupations, and which of the perfons fo returned labour under any infirmities incapacitating them from ferving as militia men, having firft affixed a true copy of such lift on the door of the church belonging to such pari(h or place, on the Sunday morning before they fhall make such return ; and on the day and at the place fo refpe£Hvely appointed as aforefaid for the returns of the lifts, the faid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any onejufticeof the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace and the fchoolmafters of the parifties within the faid fub^divifion or diftridf, or such of them as are able to attend, fo afiembied in their fub-divifioris or diftritfts, fhall (after hearing any perfon who fhall think himfelf aggrieved by having his name inferted in such lids, or by any others being omitted) diredl such lids to be amended, as the cafe fhall require, and alfo the names of all perfons by this act refpedfively excepted to be ftruck out of the laid lifts, and (hall appoint the times and places for their fecond meetings, within their refpetftive fub-dividons, and (ball return to the fecond general meeting all the lifts for the feveral parifhes and places fo amended, at which faid fecond general meeting his Majefly’s lieutenant, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or in the abfence of his Majedy’s faid lieutenant, any three or mere deputy lieutenants, fhall order copies to be made of all the faid lifts, and such copies to be returned to the deputy lieutenants at their fecond meeting within their fub-dividons or diftriers, wherein the par idles and places for which such lids are made and. returned are reflectively fituated.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant, or, Lieutenant to failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants affembled at tranliniteothe their fecond general meeting, (hall tranfmit to his Majesty’s privy council an account in writing, figned by him or them, of men re_ the true ftate of the number of perfons returned in the lifts afore- turned, to be faid, on receipt of which his Majesty, by order in council, fhall divided over forthwith apportion and divide over the feveral counties, dewart-ries, cities, and places, the number of militia to ferve for such council; county, ftewartry, city, or place, io as not to exceed the num-

a a 4  ber

360 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796.

ber of fix thousand men over that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

on receipt of XVIII. And be it farther enabled. That the lieutenant, or, balloUobe3, failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants, (hall, upon had as herein receipt of such order in council, containing an apportionment of directed. the number of men to be raifed in each county, (fewartry, city, or place, tranfmit a copy of such order to the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with twojuftices of.the peace, afTembled at their fecond meetings with such fchoolmafters as are able to attend, who 111 a 11 proceed to ballot in manner following, videlicet, the names of all the militia men in each parFfh, written or printed on diftind pieces of paper, being all as near as may be of equal fize, and rolled up in the fame manner, (hall be put into a box or other veffe], and (hall there be fhaken together, and then a number of names equal to the number apportioned by the order in council aforesaid, fliall be drawn out and opened by the perfon prefiding at the meeting; which names ihall be entered in a roll, and declared to be the quota of militia men for the parifh, and Ihall, in like manner, proceed to ballot for each parilh reflectively within the faid fub-divifion or diftrid, a copy of which roll or rolls, fubferibed by the perfon prefiding at the meeting, fhall within three days thereafter be tranfmitted to the lieutenant, or, failing him, to the deputy lieutenants authorifed to a£t for him, and ihall alfo be affixed by the minifter of each parifh to the door of the church the fir 1*1 Sunday thereafter.

Deputy lieu- XIX. And be it further enaded, That the deputy lieutenant tenant to give of the faid diftrid, or other perfon appointed by the lord lieute-^erfons^al^ nant’ fhall give notice in writing by a conftable, or other officer lotted to at- duly authorifed by him, to' the feveral militia men balloted as tendatacer- aforesaid, by ferving them perfonaliy, or by leaving the fame at tain time and their ufual places of abode, to attend at a certain time and P*ace*  place to be fpecifed in the laid order; and alfo such militiamen

Ihall duly attend at the time and place fo mentioned, and in default thereof fhall fuffer the lame pains and penalties as are in such cafes herein-after directed and impofed.

Perfons bal- XX. And be it further enaded, That every perfon fo chofen. lotted, or by ballot, or approved as a fubftitute as is herein-after direded,

fubfbtutes, to qiaq tabe and lubfcribe the following oath, to be adminiftered take the foU .  .  .

bv the deputy lieutenant, or other perlon appointed by the lord

lieutenant for that purpose :  ,  v

c T B. do fincerely promife and fwear, That I will be faith-jL ful and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George, and that I will faithfully ferve in the militia, within that part of . Great Britain called Scotland, for the defence of the famer during the prefent war, when called upon by his Majesty to do fo, and for the fjrace of one calendar month after the end thereof/

And

lowing

cath,

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 103.  361

And every such perfon fhall be inrolled (in a roll to be then and and to be in-there prepared for that purpose) to ferve in the militia of suchrolled# county, ftewartry, or city, as a private militia man, during the prefent war, and for the fpace of one calendar month after the end thereof: provided always, That if any perfon fo chofen by ballot f>erf°jls bab fhall produce a fubftitute able and fit for fcrviee, and who fhall f^d^fubfti^ be approved by the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more tutes, who, if of them, such fubftitute being unmarried, and having no children approved,ihall born in lawful wedlock, fo produced and approved, fhall be be enrolled enrolled to ferve in the militia of such county, ftewartry, city, or an *worn* placej and such fubftitute fhall take the oath before mentioned; and if any perfon fo chofen by ballot, and who fhall have been enrolled in the faid militia, (hall at any time during the continuance of this a 61 produce for his fubftitute any perfon of the defcription before mentioned, who fhall be approved by the faid deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, it fhall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of such militia to caufe such fubftitute to be enrobed in lieu of the perfon . fo chofen by ballot,* which enrolment fhall be made in the manner hereinbefore directed ; and upon the inrolment of such fubftitute as aforesaid, the perfon fo chofen by ballot fhall be entitled to his immediate difcharge.

XXL And be it further enacted, That if any perfon chofen Perfons bal-by ballot, according to the directions of this act, (not being one^tted, anc? ot the people called Quakers9 fhall refufe or neglect to appear ^^o^forfeit* and take the faid oath, and ferve in the militia, or to provide a 101.; and if fubftitute to be approved as aforesaid, who.fhall take the faid not paid, may oath,'and fign his confent to ferve as his fubftitute, every such be compelled -perfon fo re filling or neglecting fhall forfeit and pay the fum oft0 tne* ten pounds fterling, and whenever any ballot fhall take place in the fame parifh or place, under the authority of this act, be liable to ferve again, or provide a fubftitute, and in default of payment of such penalty, or for want of fufficient eftedls whereon to levy the fame, the name of such perfon fhall be entered upon the roll for which he was ballotted, and (hall be compelled to ferve in like manner as any ether perfon who fhould be then ballotted for would be compellable to ferve, and fhall be fubjedt to the fame punifoments for afterwards abfcondsng or deferring, as he would have been fubjedt to in cafe he had appeared, and been duly fworn and enrolled as a militia man.

X XII. And be it further enacted, That the fchoolmatter, or Allowance to

fuch conftables and other officers in each parifo as are employed be made the in carrying this acf into execution, (hall have such allowance for ^the' their trouble as the fheriff depute or fubftitute of each county or fntoWecu^ ftewartry (hall think reafonable, certifying the fame to the lieu- tion. nant of the county, or deputy lieutenants of the diftridL

XXIII. And be it further enadted, That where any parifh Inhabitants of _ (ball lie in two or more counties or ftewartries, the inhabitants of such parifh fhall ferve in the militia of that county or ftewar- ties, to ferve try wherein the church belonging to such parifh is fituated, and in that where-

that m the church is fituate.

362 Annoregni tricefimofeptimoGeorgii III.c. 103. [1796.

that such parifh {hall, for all the purposes of this ad, be deemed part of the county or ftewartry.

Lifts for two XXIV. And be it further enaded, That It fhall be lawful for added tcTe ^ t^le deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, within ther ° * their refpedive diftrids, to add together, whenever they {hall think neceftary, the lifts for two or more panfhes, and proceed upon such lifts added together in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one parifh or place, fo as to make the choice of militia men by ballot, within every such diftrid, as equal and impartial as poftible.

Certain per- XXV. Provided always, That no perfon ferving as acom-fons exempted miftioned ofticer in any regiment, troop, or company, in his

from ferving.

Regulations refpeding Edinburgh and irs liberties.

Majefty’s other forces, or in any corps of volunteers raifed by virtue of an ad, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for encouraging and difciplining such corps or companies of men as fhall voluntarily enrol themfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the prefent war, and who fhall have been duly entered therein, on or before the palling of this ad, or in any one of his Majesty’s caftles or forts, nor any non-com-miftioned officer or private man ferving in any of his Majesty’s other forces, or in any! volunteer or yeomanry corps, troop, or company whatever, provided he hath been duly entered therein on or before the palling of this ad, and provided he hath punctually attended at all such times and places as may have been agreed upon for the exercife of such corps, troop, or company, nor any of the profeflors in any of the four univerftties, nor any minifter, clergyman, or fchoolmafter, nor any conftable or other peace officer, nor any perfon being and having been, on or before the pafting of this ad, an articled clerk, apprentice, feaman, or feafaring man, nor any man having more than two children born in lawful wedlock, fhall be liable to ferve perfonally, or provide a fubftitute to ferve in the militia to be raifed by virtue of this ad ; but no perfon who has ferved in his Majesty’s forces, or in any other volunteer corps before mentioned, and hath been dif-charged, or quitted the fame, {hall by such fervice be exempted from ferving, or providing a fubftitute to ferve in (he militia to be raifed by virtue of this ad, if he (hall be cholen by ballot.

XXVI. And be it further enacfted, That within the city and county of the city of Edinburgh and liberties thereof, the lieutenant thereof fhall appoint captains lieutenants, and enfigns of militia, whose number and rank (hall be proportionable to the number of militia men to be raifed for .the fame ; and all powers and provifions made by this ad, with refped to counties and ftewartries, and the modes and times of fummoning and ballotting the militia thereof, and recording the qualification of officers, fhall take place and be in force with refped to the faid city and its militia; and the regiftering of qualifications, and the value of the qualifications of the officers to ferve in such militia, (hail be as fellows; every held officer (hall be either proprietor or pof-feftfed of heufes and other property, within the faid city and

liberties

1796.] AnnoregnitricefimofeptimoGEORGii III. c. 103.  363

liberties thereof, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds fter-ing, or (hall be poftefted of a perfonareftate, or funds alone, or proprietor or poftefted of real and perfonal eftate and funds together, to the amount and value of two thousand pounds fterling; and every captain (hall be, in like manner, proprietor or poftefted of houfes or other property, within the (aid city and liberties thereof, of the yearly value of fifty pounds fterling, or fhall be poftefted of a perfonal eftate, or funds alone, or proprietor or poftefted of real and perfonal eftate and funds together, to the amount or value of one thousand pounds fterling ; and every fub-altern fhall, in like manner, be proprietor or poftefted of houfes or other property, within the faid city and liberties thereof, of the yearly value of fifteen pounds fterling, pr fhall be poftefted of a perfonal eftate, or funds alone, or proprietor or poftefted of real and perfonal eftate and funds together, to the amount or value of three hundred pounds fterling: laving always and referving to the royal college of furgeons in Edinburgh, all rights, immunities, privileges, and exemptions,, of which the faid college may have been and frill are in the lawful poffeftion, and the benefit of any act or a£ts of parliament pafted heretofore in their favour.

XXVII.  And be it ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for his ™

Majefty to form the faid militia into such regiments and battalions, militia as he and to join such counties, ftewartries, cities, and other places, (hall thinkcx-together for that purpose, as he fhall think expedient, and in the psdient. manner bed adaped for the defence of the united kingdom, and

to be commanded by such officers as his Majesty fhall think fit to appoint, qualified as herein-before directed.

XXVIII.  And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful Deputy lieu-for the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace within any tenants aj\d fub-divifion or diftridf, or any two or more of them, one deputy Squire thtT lieutenant being one, from time to time to iflue their order or attendance of warrant under their hands and feals, requiring the attendance of conft.ibles, the conftable, borough officer, or other officer of any parifh or ^c* mj!7 place, within such fub-divifton or diftridf:, at such time and place thelt^for neg-C as in such order or warrant (hall be exprefted; and if any such ie& of duty, conftable, borough officer, or other officer, (hall refufe or

negletSt to^ appear according to such order or warrant, or fhall

refufe or neglect to return any such lift as before directed,  -  ’

or to comply with such order or directions as he fhall from time

to time receive from the faid depury lieutenants and juftices of

the peace, or any two or more of them, in purfuance of this aCt,

a deputy lieutenant always being one, or fhall, in making such

return, be guilty of any fraud, or wilful partiality, or grofs

negleCl in his duty, the faid deputy lieutenants and juftices

of the peace, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered

and required to commit the perfon fo offending to the common

gaol, there to be kept for the fpace of one calendar month, or,

at their diferetion, to fine such perfon in any fum not exceeding

five pounds fterling, nor iefs than forty (hillings fterling.

XXIX.  And

364 Anno regni tricefimo feptimoGeorgii 111. c. 103. [1796.

Volunteers may be accepted as the quota of a county.

&c,

XXIX. And be it further enabled, That, notwithstanding of this a£i, if the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, of any county, ftewartry, city,' ’or place, (hall, within the fpace of thirty days from and after the firft general meeting appointed to be held under this a61, make a return of a certain number of able and fufficient men, and out of such-county, ftewartry, city, or place, who are willing voluntarily to engage to ferve together in a company or companies, regiment, battalion, or other corps, under officers appointed from such county, ftewartry, city, or place, during the prefent war, and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland only, then and in that cafe such volunteers (hall be accepted in full or in part of such quota as would otherwife by this a£t be impofed on such county, ftewartry, city, or place. Pevfonsbal- XXX. And be it further enabled, That every perfon chofen lotted mu ft  by ballot to ferve in the militia (hall be liable to such fervice

itrye, though  though be may have removed from the place where his name

from the  was in^erted in the lift, provided he was refiding in such place at

places for  the time when the lift was, according to the directions of this a£f,

which chofen, prepared; and everv perfon liable to ferve in the militia, having more than one place of refidence, (hall ferve for the county, ftewartry, city, or place where his name {hall have been firft ijjferted in such lift- as aforefaid; and the clerk to the fub-divifion or diftricl meeting, to which such lift ihall be returned, fhall, if such perfon requires the fame, grant a certificate, gratis, under his hand, that such perfon’s name was inferred in such lift, and lpecifying the time when such lift was made and returned.

XXXI. And be ir further enaefted, That if any perfon, being one of the people called Quakers^ fhall be chofen by lot to ferve in the militia, and fhall refufe or negleCt to appear, and to take the oath aforesaid, and to ferve in the faid militia, or to provide a fubftitute, to be approved of as aforesaid, who fhall take the faid oath, and fubferibe his confent to ferve as the fubftitute of such quaker, then, and in every such cafe, any three- deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with anyone juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, fhall, upon as reafonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit perfon who fhall take the faid oath, and fubferibe his confent to ferve in the faid militia as the fubftitute of such quaker; and any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, arc hereby empowered and required to levy, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and effects of such quaker, by warrant under the hands of any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or any deputy lieutenant together with two juftices of the peace, such fum or fums of money as fhall be neceffary to defray the expences of providing and hiring such perfon to ferve in the militia during the war, and for one calendar month thereafter, as the fubftitute of such quaker fo refuting or neglecting as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any) after deducting the charges of

fuch

Subftitutes may be provided for qua-kers, and the expence levied by dif-trefs.

Hosted- by 

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 103.  365

fuch diftrefs and fale, to such quaker upon whom such diftrefs fhall have been made as aforefaid ; and in cafe any meafures fhall Q^^kyrs be ufed in making such diftrefs as aforesaid, which may be by any themfelvesop-fuch quaker thought oppreftive, it fhall be lawful for such quaker prefled mayF to complain thereof to the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the appeal, peace at their next meeting, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the fame.

XXXII.  And be it enacted, That if any fervant whatever, hired by the year or otherwife, (hall be enrolled as a militia man, tes between and any difpute fhall arife between his-mafter or miftrefs,^em- iervantsin-plover or employers, and such fervant, touching any fum or fums rolled as mi-of money due to such fervant for or on account of his fervice performed before the time of such fwearing and inrolment, or to ^-g^j-efp^ctu^ such time as, under the condition of the fa id fwearing and inrol- wages, ment, he fhall be obliged to quit the fervice of his faid mafter or mi ft refs, employer or employers, by being called out to join the militia in which he fhall haVe been fo fworn or enrolled, it fhall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof, within three months from the time of quitting the faid fervice, to any juftice of the peace for the county, ftewartry, city, or place where such mafter or miftrefs, employer or employers, fhall inhabit, for such juftice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such fervant, or any other witnefs or witnefles, touching the fame, and to make such order for the payment of fo much wages to such fervant, in proportion to the fervice he has performed, as to such juftice fhall feem juft and reafonable, provided the fum in queftion do not exceed the fum of twenty pounds fterling; and in cafe of refufal or non-payment of any fum fo ordered, by the fpace of twenty-one days next after such determination, such juftice fhall and may id lie forth his.and their'warrant to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and effects of such mafter or miftrefs, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such diftrefs and fale,

XXXIIL And be it further enadted, That any perfon who Subftitutes

fhall receive money from any other perfon to ferve as his fubfti- who

.  ,  0r  ,  .  ■  appear to be

tute in the militia, and (hall neglect to appear at the meeting  tore-

appointed as aforefaid for fwearing the militia men, or before turn the

fome one deputy lieutenant, in order to be fworn according to bounty rao-

the directions of this ad, every such perfon fo neglecting to

appear and be fworn, such negled being proved before any two ceedin^ 20s.

deputy lieutenants or juftices of the peace, by the oath of one or be commit-

credible witnefs, fhall be obliged to return the money to the ted.

perfon or perfons from whom he received it, and fhall alfo forfeit

and pay to such perfon or perfons any fum not exceeding twenty

fhiilings fterling, at the diferetion of the deputy lieutenants or

juftices of the peace aforefaid; and if such offender fhall not

immediately return the money fo by him received as aforesaid,

and likewile pay the faid penalty, he fhall be committed to the

common gaol or houfe of correction, until the faid fum fhall be

returned.

XXXIV. And

366 Anno regrii tricefimo feptlmo Georgii IH. c 103. [1796*

XXXIV, And be it further enadted, That in cafe any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon, (hall at any time wilfully and knowingly inlift any man to ferve1 in his Majesty*s other forces, who

Inlifting of a militia man into his Ma-ji fly’s other forces to be void.

Penalty on

at the time of such inlifting fhall be called out and ferving in the militia, embodied and incorporated as aforefaid by his Majesty’s order, every such inlifting fhall be deemed null and void ; and in

ing to irilift, denying that they are mili tia men, &c.

^enf^v,rner" ca^e anY  tnan, at the time of offering to inlift as aforesaid,

(hall deny to the officer or ferjeant, or other perfon recruiting for men to inlift and ferve in his Majesty’s other forces, that he is at the time of his offering to inlift a militia man then actually called out and ferving in the militia embodied and incorporated as aforefaid (which the faid officer, ferjeant, or other perfon is hereby required to afk every man offering to inlift in his Majesty’s other forces), or fhall offer himfelf to be enrolled and ferve in. any other regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, every militia man fo offending fhall, on conviction thereof, upon the oath of one witnefs, before any one juftice of the peace, be committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to remain, without bail, for and during any time not exceeding fix months, over and above any penalty or punifhment to which such perfon fo offending is or fhall be otherwife liable 3 and every perfon fo offending, from the day on which his engagment to ferve in the militia fhall end, and not fooner, fhall belong as 'a foldier to such corps of his Majesty’s other forces into which he fhall have been fo inlifted ; and if any officer, ferjeant, or other

Penalty on

mgly^nlifthiV Per^on  anY man belonging to the militia to ferve in

militia men b his Majesty's other forces, knowing him to belong to the militia, intoother re- every such officer, ferjeant, or other perfon fhall, for every such gin cents, and offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds fterling ; and ferin^to^erve ^ any Per^on actually ferving in any of his Majesty’s other forces, as fubftitutes fhall offer himfelf to ferve and be enrolled as a fubffitute in the in the militia, militia, every perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay, to the perfon informing of such offence, the fum of ten pounds fterling, or be committed to the common gaol or houfe of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

XXXV. And Be it further enacted. That if any perfon fhall give orders to any ferjeant, drummer, or other perfon ferving in the militia, to beat up in any city, town or other place, for volunteers to ferve in the militia, the perfon who fhall give such orders fhall, upon proof thereof, and upon such beating up as aforesaid, upon oath before any juftice of the peace, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds fterling, One moiety whereof (hall be applied to the ufe of the perfon who fhall make information thereof before any juftice of the peace; and if such ferjeant, drummer, or other perfon fhall refute to declare upon oath before such juftice from whom he received such orders, it fnall be lawful for such juftice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his h;.nd and leal, to commit luch fe'jeant, drummer, or other perfon, to the houfe of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

XXXVI. And

Penalty on perfons ordering ferjeants, See. of the militia, to beat up for volunteers ;

and on the ftjjeants. See. for refilling to declare who gave them ordu s.



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii Hr. c. 103.  367

XXXVI.  And be it further enacfted, That the clerks of all Copies of rolls, fub-divifion or diftridt meetings (hail, within fourteen days after

every fub-divifion or diffr’ufl meeting, tranfmit to the clerk of the to general meeting of the county, ftewartry, city, or place, fair and tranfmitted true copies of such rolls as fhall be figned at such meeting.  to the clerk

XXXVII.  And be it further enadled, That the money arifing ^t.^fngener^ by penalties incurred for refufing to ferve in the militta, or to

find fubftitutes to ferve in their room, fhall be applied, by any two p^i^^for0 or more deputy lieutenants within their refpeclive fub-divifion or refufing to' diftri&s, in providing fubftitutes for the perfons who fhall have ferve, &c. paid such penalties, which fubftitutes fhall be fvvorn in and enrolled to ferve for the fame term, and on the fame conditions as is herein-before provided in the cafe of fubftitutes provided by perfons chofen by ballot; and if any furplus fhall remain, the. fame (hall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the re-fpedtive regiments, battalions, or independent companies in which such perfons ought to have ferved as militia men, and be applied as part of the regimental ftock.

XXXVIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes, in the County lieu-execution of this a61, when any matter or thing is directed to be tenants, &cv enquired of or examined into upon the oath of any witnefs or wit- J^ea70athsUli" neftes, before any lieutenant of any county, ftewartry, city, or place,

or any deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, orjuftice orjuftices of the peace, any such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or lieutenants, or juftice orjuftices of the peace, is or are hereby authorifed to ad-minifter such oath to any witnefs or witneftes ; and all other oaths to be taken in purfuance of this acl fhall and may be refpeclively adminiftered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant.

XXXIX.  And be it further enacted, That in the feveral The militia, counties, ftewartries, cities, and places, where the number of'Y^ere^l^“ men is fufticient, the militia fhall be formed into regiments con- formkl°iivo fifting of not more than twelve, nor Jefs than eight companies, regiments; of eighty private men to a company at themoft, and fixty private

men at the leaft; and the field officers of such regiments fhall be as follows; (that is to fay), One colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and where the number of militia men (hall amount to a number under eight, and not left than five companies, such militia (hall be formed into a battalion, and the field officers of such battalion (hall be one lieutenant colonel and one major only; and where the number of private men (hall amount to any number under five, and not lefs than three companies, such militia fhall be formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel or major, and no other field officer; ana in each regiment or battalion of militia there fhall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign to each company : provided always. That it (hall be lawful for every battalion,-confifting of live companies or upward, to have one company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieutenants (hall be appointed inftead of one lieutenant and one enfign; and it (hall be lawful for every regiment, confifting of eight companies or upward, to have one company of

grenadiers

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 103, [1796.

grenadiers and one company of light infantry ; to each of which companies two lieutenants fhall be appointed inftead of one lieutenant and one enfign.

XL. And be it further enadled, That in the feveral counties, ftewartries, cities, and places, where the number of militia men fhall not be fufficient to form a regiment or battalion, according to the intent and meaning of this add, the militia of such counties, ftewartries, cities, and places, (hall be formed into independent companies, each company to confift of eighty private men at the moft, and fixty private men at the lead:, with one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign, to each company; and that his Ma-jefty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any number of such independent companies, and form a battalion, or batta-10ns, or may incorporate them with any other regiment or bat-lion, or incor- talion of militia, provided the number of companies in any such porate them  ■  ....  .  .  .  .  .

with other regiments.

and where not, into independent companies.

His Mnjefty may form independent companies into a batta-

County lieutenants may a<ft. as commanding officers of regiments, ecC.

The fenior officer to be inverted with the powers of the colonel during his abfeuce from Great Britain.

regiment or battalion be not thereby made to exceed the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of militia is hereinbefore directed to confift.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the lieutenant of any county, ftewartry, city, or place, to a£t as colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia for such county, ftewartry, city, or place, for and during such time as there fhall not be any colonel or commanding officer appointed to such regimenr, battalion, or independent company; but no such lieutenant fhall at any one time a<51 as colonel or commanding officer to more than one body^of militia, whether regiment, or battalion, or independent company; and where the lieutenant of any county, ftewartry, city, or place, fhall take the command of any body of militia, not being by this a<ft deemed a regiment, he fhall be entitled to the rank of colonel, except when the fa id company fhall be formed into battalion as aforesaid, but (hall receive no greater pay than the, proper commanding officer of such body would be entitled to.

XLIL And be it further enacled, That when any colonel or other commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company, fhall be abfent from Great Britain, all the powers by this aft given to such colonel or other commanding officer (hall be veiled in, and lawfully may be exercifed by, the next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, who (hall be refiding within Great Britain, until such colonel or other commanding officer fhall be returned to Great Britain, and fhall have notified his arrival to the clerk' of the peace of the county, ftewartry, city, or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company belongs, and the clerk of the peace is hereby required forthwith, upon receipt of such notification, to tranfmitan account thereof to the officer who fhall have been next in command as aforefaid j and all afts, matters, and things, done by such officer next in command as aforesaid, in exercising the powers given.by this add to colonels and other commanding officers, fhall be good and valid in the law

equally

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 103.  369

equally as if they had been done by the colonel or commanding officer himfelf.

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the colonel of each p^i n te cT regiment or battalion of militia incorporated as aforesaid, fhall wp0 have , appoint the adjutant, who fhall have ferved, or fhall at the time ferved, or fhall of such appointment actually ferve, in fome of his Majesty’s ferve in the other forces, and who, during his fervice in the faid militia, fhall  pre-

preferve his rank in the army in tile fame manner as if he had ferve their continued in that fervice.  rank.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed. That his Majesty, his-His Majesty heirs and fuccelTors, may and (hall appoint, according to the pro- may appoint portion of one ferjeant to twenty private men, two ar more proper perfons to be ferjeants to every company in the faid militia, out of chelfei* and from his Majesty’s other forces, such perfons having ferved hofpital. in the faid forces for the fpace of three years next preceding their appointment to be ferjeants as aforesaid, or may appoint such other perfons to be ferjeants as aforesaid, as have formerly ferved for the fpace of three years in his Majesty's faid forces ; and the fervice in the militia of such perfons £0 appointed out of his Majesty’s faid forces (hall entitle them to the benefit of Cheljea hofpital, in the fame manner as if they had continued to ferve in the faid forces ; and every perfon appointed to be a ferjeant as aforesaid, out of the penfioners on the eftablifhment of Chetfea hofpital, (hall be entitled to'be put again upon the faid eftablifh-ment, after he fhall be difcharged from the fervice of the militia, provided he brings a certificate of his good behaviour, under the hand of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion in which he fhall have ferved as aforefaid.

XLV. And be it further enadfted, That the captain of every The captain company of militia may and fhall appoint two perfons to be appoint drummers to his company, and may and fhall appoint corporals and™orporals out of the private men of his company, in the proportion of one to his com.' corporal to twenty private men, and may difplace such drummers pany, and, and corporals refpedlively for mifbehaviour, and appoint others Wlth the^ in their room, from time to time, as he fhall fee occafion, and of^he count may and fhall appoint, with the approbation of his Majesty’s lieutenant, ^ lieutenant, ferjeants out of the private men of his company, to may fill up the fill up the vacancies of ferjeants as may happen therein : and vacancies of ■-every such appointment (hall be deemed an actual difcharge Qf ferjeants, &c. the perfon fo appointed from ferving in the militia as a private militia man ; and that it fhall be lawful for the colonel, or, in his abfence, for the commanding officer of any battalion of militia, to difplace, upon the application of the captain, any perfon fo appointed a ferjeant out of the private militia men.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no perfon who fhall No publican keep any houfe of publick entertainment, or who fhall fell any j^an^ a CI~ ale, wine, brandy, or other fpirituous liquors by retail, (hall be J capable of being or continuing a ferjeant in the militia.

XLVII. And be it ena&ed, That no officer who is entitled Half pay offi-to hglf pay fhall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such half pay, during the time he fhall ferve as lieutenant, enfign, adjutant, &cUmayernS? Vql, XLI,  B b  battalion

370 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 103. [1796. receive their battalion clerk, paymafter, quartermafter or furgeon, in any takL^the1 regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia,' but that following the ^ame Iball neverthelefs continue, and indead of the oath ° directed by the act for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, to be taken by such officer,-he (hall take the following oath:

4 T d. B. do fwear, That I had not, between the  any

A place or employment of profit civil or military, under his Majesty, befides my allowance of half pay as a reduced in  late'regiment of  fave  .and  except  my pay as

lieutenant, enfign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymafter, quartermafter, or furgeon, [as the cafe may be], for ferving in a regiment of militia.’

Serjeants of C belle a hospital may receive ther allowance with their pay.

What Service in the militia Shall entitle to a recommendation to the Chelfea penlion.

The militia to be b;lletted, and carriages provided on their march as for the regular and fencible forces.

And the taking of the faid oath fhall, without taking any other oath, be fufficient to entitle such perfon to receive his half pay.

XLVIII. And be it further enabled, That any perfon being aferjeant on the eftablifhment of Chelfea hofpital, at the allowance of twelve-pence a day, and being appointed to ferve in the militia, lhall and may receive the faid allowance of twelve-pence a day, together with his pay from the faid militia ; and any perfon who fhall have faithfully ferved as a ferjeant in the militia for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drummer for twenty years, and who fhall be difeharged on account of age or infirmity, fhall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, to which he belongs, and the lieutenant, and two or more deputy lieutenants of the county, ftewartry, city, or place, to which the faid regiment, battalion or independent company belongs, or on the death or removal, or in the abfence of the faid lieutenant, by the commanding officer and three or more deputy lieutenants of such county, ftewartry, city, or place, be entitled to examination at the Chelfea board, and be capable to be placed on the penfion of five-pence per day, if the faid board fhall judge him deferving thereof: provided, that no perfon who {hall be appointed a ferjeant in the militia after the paffing of this act, fhall be entitled to such recompence, until he lhall have ferved in the militia, or in the army and militia, for twenty years.

XLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for all ju(bices of the peace, provoft, or other chief magistrate of towns and all other officers having jurisdiction in such matters, and they are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and private men ferving in the militia, and whilft they fhall continue to be embodied, in the fame way and manner as his Majesty’s regularand fencible forces.are in ufe to be billetted and quartered in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and fhall like wife be provided with carriages on their march in the fame manner as the faid regular and fencibles forces are at prefent fo -furnifhed and provided in that part of Gr-eat Britain called Scotland5 and all juftices of the peace and other magiilrates are hereby required to

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 103.  371

be aflifting therein, in the fame way and manner as they are now in ufe to aftift in providing carriages and horfes for his Majesty’s

forces upon their march.  If a militia

L, And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any militia man man defert fhall defert, or abfent himfelf from his duty, and fliall not return ami does not or be taken within the fpace of three monihs from the time of return, or is his fo deferting orabfenting himfelf, then, upon certificate thereof months from the commanding officer of'the regiment, battalion, or in- another to be7 dependent company, to the deputy lieutenants, at any of their ballotted for. meetings for the fub-divifion or difcridl for which such militia man was enrolled, such deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to hold a fub-divifion or diftricf meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another perfon to ferve and be returned deferter re-to such regiment, battalion, or independent company, in the turns, or is room of every such militia man; and in cafe such militia man taken, he fliall fball at any time return or be taken, he (hall, notwith'ftanding any  *

perfon (hall have been chofen in his room, be compelled to ferve ban0tted. in the fame manner, and for the fame term, as if no perfon had been fo chofen in his room.

LT. And be it further enacted, That all tnufkets delivered Mufkets to be for the fervice of the militia (hall be marked diftin&ly, in home marke<;i* vifible place, with the letter (M), and the name of the county, ftewartry, city, or place, to which they belong; and in cafe any Penalty on militia man fhall fell, pawn, or loie, any of his arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, or neglect or refufe to return the fame in good  deaths*

order to the captain, or to the perfo.n appointed to receive the or accoutre- ' fame, every such militia man fhall, for every such offence, forfeit ments. and pay a fum not exceeding three pounds Sterling; and if such militia man fhall not immediately pay such penalty, thejuftice of the peace before whom he fhall be convicted (hall commit him to the houfe of cofredtion for any time not exceeding three months, or until he (half have paid the faid penalty.

LI I. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon fhall know- Penalty for ingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, or other wife an^^ioa^s receive any arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, belonging unto any or accou-militia man, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, contrary trements. to the true intent and meaning of this a61, the perfon fo offending ihall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the fum of five pounds fte'rling; and if such offender fhall not immediately pay such penalty, and fliall not have fufficient goods or effe&s whereon to levy such penalty, the juftice before whom he fhall be convidfed, (hall commit him to the common goal, there to remain, without bail, for the fpace of three months, or fliall caufe such offender to be publickiy whipped, at the diferetion of such juftice.

LIII. And be it further enabled, That any ferjeant or cor- cor^oMs poral of the militia may, by fentence of a court martial, be be'red^cetTtd^' reduced to the condition of a private foldier of the militia, to privates, ferve as such during the war.

LIV\ And be it further enadled, That it fliall be lawful for  the

his Majesty, by order in council, to embody and call out the m^tiTtobe^ laid fix thousand men, and put them under the command of such embodied, and

B b 2  general

put under the command of general officers, and led into any part ot Scotland for preventing invafion, &c.

general officers as he (hall be pleafed to appoint over them ; and to direCl them to be led by their refpedlive officers into any parts of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the preventing and repelling any invafion, and for the fuppreffion of any rebellion or infurreCtion there; and the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men of the feveral regiments, battalions, and independent companies of the militia, (hall, from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they (hall be returned again by his Majesty’s orders to their relpe&ive parilhes or places of abode, remain under the command of such general officers; and during such time as aforesaid, all the pro-vifions contained in any atft of parliament which fhall be then in force for puniftiing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, (hall be in force with refpedl to the militia, and fhall extend to all the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men of the militia', in all cafes whatfoever.

Militia not to be ordered out of Scotland.

INTon-comrnif-fioned officers and privates (wounded in fervice), entitled to Ghelfea pert lion, and, if married, may fet up in any part of Great Britain,

County lieutenant to ilTue orders to the chief conftable for the attendance of militia men.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That neither the whole, or any part of the militia directed by this a£f to be raifed and maintained, fhall on any account be carried or ordered to go out of that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LVI. And be it enaCted, That if any non-commiffioned officer of the militia, or private militia man, (hall be maimed or wounded in adtual fervice, he fhall be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelfea hofpital with any non-commiffioned officer or private foldier belonging to his IVbjefty’s other forces; and that every such perfon, having ferved in the militia when called out into adtual fervice, and being a married man, may fet up and exercife any trade in any town or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, without any moleftation for or by reafon of the ufing such trade, in like manner as any perfon who has ferved in his Majesty’s navy, or as a foldier in his regular land forces, may do.

L VII. And be it further enabled, That the lieutenant of every county, ftewartry, city, and place, or on the death or removal of any such lieutenant, or in hisabfence from his county, ftewartry, city, or place, any three or more deputy lieutenants, to whom any such order as aforefaid from his Majesty (hall be direeled, (hall iflue his or their order to the chief conftable of the feveral

divilions ordiftriCcs, with directions to forward the fame immediately to the conftables or other officers of the feveral parifhes and places within their refpediive divifions and diftri&s, and such conftables or other officers are hereby required, upon receipt hereof, forthwith to caufe notice in writing to be given to the feveral miliria men, or left at their ufual places of abode, within their refpedtive parifhes, or places, to attend at the time and place Men not mentioned' in such order; and if any militia men fo ordered to be b^^^rehend^ ^rawn out an^ embodied as aforefaid (not labouring under any ed asdefert- " infirmity incapacitating him to ferve as a militia man) (hall not <rr*.  appear and march in purfuance of such order, every such militia

man (hall be liable to be apprehended and punifhed as a deferter,

according



1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 103.  373

according to the provifions of any a& which fhall be then in force for puniftiing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if any perfon (hall Penalty for harbour and conceal any militia man, when ordered out into adtual fervice, knowing him to be a militia man, every such perfon fhall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds fterling.

LVIII. And be it further enabled, That when the militia men Colonelto fhall be drawn out and embodied for adtual fervice, and incor- a^ent^vlfen porated by command of his Majesty as aforefaid into a regiment, the militia is battalion, or other corps, and during the time they fhall continue embodied, for fo embodied and incorporated, the colonel, or where there is no wJlom he is colonel, the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or fp0nf,£]I corps fo embodied or incorporated as aforesaid, fhall and may appoint an agent to such regiment, battalion, or corps and fhall take fecurity from such agent; and such colonel, and, where there is no colonel, the commanding officer, fhall be and is hereby made fubjedl and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen from the faid agent, or from himfelf, upon account of the pay, cloathing, or publick ftock of such regiment, battalion, or corps.

LIX. And be it further ena&ed, That when the militia of When the mi-any county, ftewartry, city, or place, fhall be ordered out into litia is ordered actual fervice, the collector of the cefs for such county, (lew- of the* artry, city or place, fhall and is hereby required forthwith to pay, Ccfs to pay a to the captain or other commanding officer of every company of-guinea for th militia fo ordered out, the fum of one guinea for the ufe ofule^0^e^c.h every private militia man belonging to his company ; and the  to

faid colle&or of the cefs fhall alfo pay to every captain and com- be laid out for manding officer of a company as aforesaid, the fum of one guinea his ufe. for every recruit, as early as may be after such recruit ftu-11 have joined his company, while out in actual fervice as aforefaid; all which money fo paid by the faid collector of the cefs fhall be allowed to him in his account; and the money fo received by any captain or other commanding officer (or fo much thereof as such captain or commanding officer (hall think proper) fhall be laid out in the manner he (hall think mod: advantageous for the refpe£Hve militiamen; and such captain and commanding officer fhall, before any militia man of his company receives his dif-charge, account to such militia man how the faid fum of one guinea hath been applied and difpofed of, and (hall pay the remainder of the money, if any, to the faid militia man.

LX. And be it further enadted, That, from the day appointed From the day by the lieutenant'of every county, fie wart ry, city, or place, or on the death or removal of any such lieutenant, or in his ab- 0fficers aild fence from his county, ftewartry, city or place, any three or privates enti-more deputy lieutenants for the aftembling of the militia as tied to the aforesaid, in purfuance of his Majesty’s orders in council, the  as

officers and private men of the militia fhall be entitled to the force$,v fame pay as the officers and private men of his Majesty’s other regiments of foot receive* and no other.

v b 3  LXI.  And

Recovery and application of 7 penalties, not ancl particularly provided for.

LX I. And be it further enafted, That all fines, penalties, forfeitures by this aft: impofed, the manner of recovery whereof is not in this aft: particularly provided for, {hall, on proof upon oath of the offence before any juftice of the peace of the county, ftewartry, or place, where the offence {hall be committed, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and effefts, by warrant under the hand of such juftice, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deaufting the charges of such diftrefs and fale, to the offender upon whom such diftrefs fhall have been made : and where the goods and effects of such offender (hall not be fuffeient to anfwer such diftrefs, such juftice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of

the county, ftewartry, city,

place,

where the offence fhall

Perfons committed to gaol to be kept to hard labour, & c.

No order of his Maje fly’s lieutenants, &c. to be delayed by advocation.

have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months; and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this aft impofed, the application whereof is not otherwife particularly provided for, (hall be paid to the clerk of the regiment, battalion, or other bodies of militia, or where there is no clerk the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or other bodies of militia, of the refpeftive counties, ftewartries, cities, or places, and fhall be made a common ftock in each county, ftewartry, city, or place, wherein the fame fhall fo arife, and the faid clerk fhall give a particular account thereof, as it fhall arife, to any. three deputy lieutenants, or to any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one juftice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieutenant, together with any one juftice of the peace, at their next meeting within their feveral fub-divifions ; and the faid deputy lieutenants, or any three of them, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, fhall caufe butts to be erefted in fome convenient place or places, and fhall direct the clerk of the regiment or battalion td buy and provide, with fome part of the money fo arifing, a proper quantity of gunpowder and ball, to be ufed at proper times by the militia men in (hooting at marks, and to apply and difpofe of such other part of the money aforesaid, as they fhall think reafonable, in fome prize or prizes, to be given to such militia man or men as fhall by the commanding officer then prefent be adjudged to be the beft markfman or markfmen, and to apply the refidue thereof, to other contingencies relating to the militia within such divifion or diftrift ; and that in all cafes when any perfon fhall be com^ . mitted to the county gaol by virtue of this aft, he fhall, during the time pf such commitment, be kept to hard labour in such county gaol, or be fed upon bread and water.

LXII. And be it further enafted, That no order made by any of his Majesty’s lieutenants, or by any one or more deputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants together with any one juftice of the peace, or by anyone deputy lieutenant together with any two juftices of the peace, or by any juftice or juftices of the peace, by virtue of this aft, fhall be delayed or fet aftde by advocation or fufpenfion,

LXIII. And

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo G f.orgii III. c 104.  375

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That on the death* of On death of any of his Majesty’s lieutenants, his deputy lieutenants (hall continue to ad and exercife all the authorities by this ad com- tQba^utleS mi tied to them, until his Majesty fhall have appointed another lieutenant, and until commiffions of deputy lieutenancy fhall be by him iflued.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That if any action or Limitation actions, fuit or fuits, fhall be brought or commenced again ft any a<^'ons* perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this a<5t, such action or actions, fuit or fuits, fhall be commenced within fix calendar months after rhe fad committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the comity or place where such adion or actions, fuit or fuits, did arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such adion or actions, fuit or fuits, to be brought, may deny the libel, and give this ad and. the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if such action or adions, fuit or fuits, fhall be brought after the time for bringing the fame, or if the defendant or defendants fhall be affoilzied in such adion or adions, or if the purfuer or purfuers fhall be nonfuited, or dif-continue his or their adion or actions, fuit or fuits, after the der fendant fhall have appeared, the defendant or defendants fbaU have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes to recover cofts by the laws of Scotland.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it HisMajefty in fhall be lawful for his Majesty, by order in council, to lufpend the execution of this ad, either abfolutely, or for any limited execution of time, and fo from time to time as his Majesty fhall fee occafion, this a<5t. and to order and dired that all proceedings in the further execution of this ad fhall ceafe, either abfolutely, or during such time as in any such order in council fhall be limited for that purpose, and thereupon all such further proceedings fhall ceafe accordingly; anything in this ad contained'to the contrary notwithflanding.

LXVf. And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall be and Continuance continue in force during the prefent war, and for the fpace of one ad* calendar month after the end thereof.

CAP. CIV.

An aft for regulating the Jhipping and carrying of faves in Britifh vefftls from the coaf of Africa.—[July 19, 1797.]

XXV. And whereas by an aft, paffed in the thirty-fecondyear of Chufe in the reign of his prefent Majesty, and which was aftervoards continued former ads by fever al fubfequent aft s paffed in the thirty'third, thirty fourth, and  ^

thirty fifth years of his faid prefent Majejlys reign, it was enufted, qualification cTbat,from and after thefirjl day of Auguft one thousand/evenhundred required to and ninety-two, it fall not be lawfulfor any perfon to become a mafier, be given by or take or have the command or charge of any such ftp or veffel, at the time he fall clear out from any pert of Great Britain for purchafng and carrying faves from the coaf of Africa, unlefsfuch mafier or per* fon taking or having the charge cr command of any such Jhip or veffel

B b 4  fall

Jhatl have made oath, and delivered into the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port where such Jhip or vejfel j,hall clear out, a certificate, attefled by the refpeftive owner or owners, that he has already ferved in such capacity during one voyage, or fa all have ferved as chief mate or furgeon during the whole of Uuo voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in pur chafing and carrying fiaves from the coafi of Africa, under pain that such mafter or other perfon taking or having the charge or command of any such jhip or vef-fel, and alfo the owner or owners who floall hire or employ such perfon, jhall, for every such offence, refpeftively forfeit and pay the fum of five

wh * m cer* hundred pounds: and whereas doubts have arifen rejpefltng the con-tificates to be ftru^lon of the above mentioned claufe, whether the certificate thereby attefted. required to be delivered in to the colled!or or other chief officer of the cufioms,jhould he attefled by the refpeftive otvner or owners of any Jhip or vejfel wherein the perfon or perjons then about to take the command of the jhip or vejfel required to be cleared out, hadformerly failed in fome or one of the capacities by the [aid aft fpecified and required, or by the refpeftivc otvner or owners of the the Jhip or vefiel in which such perfon or perjons was or were then about to fail as the ?najler or commander thereof, as believing the fafts Jlated in the affidavit of such perfon or perfons then about to have or take the charge or command of any such finp or vejfel, to be true: and whereas, in confequence of such doubts, the collectors or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the ports ^London and Liverpool, doubting the meaning and conjlruftion of the faid afts, have required and taken certificates attefled in both the ways before mentioned, and cleared out jhips or veffiels under each form of certificate, in confequence. of which great inconveniences have arifen, and doubts have been made touching the legality of the polices of iujurance made upon such Jhips or veffielsbe it therefore further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That nothing in the faid former acts of parliament herein before mentioned, or in any of them contained, fhall extend, or be the palling of conftrued to extend, impeach, invalidate, or make void, any policy this aft, not or policies ofinfurance which (hall have been made before the paf-fing of this aft, by reafon or in confequence of any certificate or certificates which have be required and given in order to the clearing out any (hip or vefiel, employed in the flave trade, to the coafi: of Africa, by the owner or owners of the fhip or vefiel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the owner or owners of fome other {hip or vefiel in whose employ the perfon then about to fail had been formerly employed and failed, or to indict any penalty or penalties upon the owner or owners of such fhip or vefiel.

CAP. CV.

An aft for granting to his Majejly feveral additional duties on inha-bited koufe$.—[)uly 19, 1797*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

' E, your Majesty’s mofl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament afiembled, towards railing the necefTary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making an addition to the pqblick revenue,

haye

Policies of infurance made before

to be void by reafon of certificates given under recited afts, <kc.

Preamble.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 105.  377

have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-afier mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeeeft your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thou- From July fand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there fhali be railed, levied, J.797» colletfed, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefiy,- l^s t^he p^id?a heirs and fuccefiors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, inhabited the feveral and refpebtive additional rates and duties upon all in- houfes. habited houles, as herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay),

■zs. 6d.

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall Hoiifes rated-be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having lei's than seven windows or lights, and which is or (hall be fubjedt to  o;  *

the duty upon inhabited houfes, granted by an a61 of the nineteenth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, the yearly fum of one (hilling:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhali For 7 win-be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having seven dows> windows or lights, or which is or ought to be rated under the authority of an a (ft of the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An a£l for repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, and lights, and for granting to his Majejly other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights, the yearly fum of two (hillings:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhali For8, be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eight windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the faid laft-mentioned a6l, the yearly fum of two (hillings and fixpence:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall ^01*9,—-3$. be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the iaft-mentioned a6l, the yearly fum of three (hillings;

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhali For be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having ten windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned a6l, the yearly fum of (our (hillings :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eleven windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned a6f, the yearly fum of four (hillings and fixpence :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall For iz>—5s. be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twelve 6d. windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned a6f, the yearly fum of five (hillings and fixpence :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhali be inhabited, within the kingdqm of Great Britain, having thirteen windows or lights,' which is or ought to be rated under the Jaft-mentioned adh the yearly fum of fix (hillings and fixpence:

For

6d.

For i

For 17, 6d.

6d.

37B Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Geokgii III. c. 105. [1796.

For 14,—-7a.  For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall

be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fourteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned adt, the yearly fum of seven (hillings and fixpence : S,—9s.  For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall

be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fifteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned a#, the yearly fum of nine (hillings:

For 16,  10s.  For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall

be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fix-teen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the iaft-mentioned adi, the yearly fum of ten (hillings :

11s, For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having feventeen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned a61, the yearly fum of eleven (hillings g  and  fixpence:

to , 32s.  For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall

be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eighteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned a df, the yearly fum of twelve (hillings and fixpence:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having nineteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned act, the yearly fum of thirteen (hillings and fixpence:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned adt, the yearly fum of fifteen (hillings :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited*, within the kingdom of Great Britain, haviilg twenty-one windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ac\*, the yearly fum of iixteen (hillings : For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-two windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned acf, the yearly fum of feventeen (hillings :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-three windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-merttioned add, the yearly fu.m of eighteen (hillings and fixpence *

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty-lour windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned adt, the yearly fum of one pound and one (hilling;

Fo*

For i9j—138.

6d.

For ao*—15s.

For 21,—1 6s.

For 22>—i

VS.

For 23>—18s

6d.

For 24)—il. is.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 105.  379

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hall For *5j an(* be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having  e  ^'am

twenty-five windows or lights and not mere than twenty-nine 1 *  \

windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of one pound and three {hillings :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hall For 30, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having thirty  e^an

windows or lights and not more than thirty-four windows or  ’  S*

lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of one pound fix (hillings and fixpence:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hall For 35, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having thirty-five windows or lights and not more than thirty-nine windows or sd. lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of one pound ten (hillings and fixpence :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall For 40, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having forty not more than windows or lights and not more than forty-four windows or lights, 44>~I * I5S% which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of one pound and fifteen {hillings:

For every-dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hail For 45, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having forty- noc m°re than five windows or lights and not more than forty-nine windows or 2 * lights, which is Qr ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of two pounds:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hall For 50, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fifty not more than, windows or lights and not more than fifty-four windows or •54,'~2 ‘ •*s* lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of two pounds and five ihiliings:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hall For 55, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fifty- n'-t more than five windows or lights and not more than fifty-nine windows or a * IOS* lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of two pounds and ten {hillings:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall For 60, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fixty windows or lights, and not more than iixty-four windows or 2 *I5S* lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of two pounds and fifteen {hillings :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hall For 65, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having fixty- £otj^°re tiiaiV' five windows or lights and not more than fixty-nine windows or 9> J * lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned ad, the yearly fum of three pounds :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hall For 70, and be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having not m°re feventy windows or lights and not more than feventy-four win-  *  ^s‘

dows or lights, whiefi is or ought to be rated under the laft-

mentioned

3So

For 75, and not more than 79>~3l- *os.

For 80, and not more than 843I. I5S.

For 85, and not more than *9>—+>•

For 90, and not more than 94,—4!. 5s.

For 95,'and not more than 99>—4I. xos.

For 100, and not more than 109,-5!.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 105. [1796.

mentioned aft, the yearly fum of three pounds and five fhillings* For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter {hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having feverity-five windows or lights and not more than feventy-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lafl-mentioned act, the yearly fum of three pounds and ten fhillings : For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eighty windows or lights and not more than eighty-four windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lafl-mentioned add, the yearly Turn of three pounds and fifteen fhillings :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having eighty-five windows or lights and not more than eighty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lall-mentioned act, the yearly fum of four pounds:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain^havxng ninety windows or lights, and not more than ninety-four windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lafl-mentioned a£l, the yearly fum of four pounds and five fhillings :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having ninety'five windows or lights and not more than ninety-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lafl-mentioned adf, the yearly fum of four pounds and ten fhillings: For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred windows or lights and not more than one hundred and

nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lafl-mentioned a<5l, the yearly fum of five pounds:

For no, and^ For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall IQgn be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and ten windows or lights and not more than one hundred and nineteen windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lafl-mentioned a£l, the yearly fum of five pounds and ten fhillings: not more than ^or ever^ ^we^^ng houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall 129,—6h an inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and twenty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned a<ft, the yearly fum of fix pounds:

For T30, and For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall jos” inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one J ’  hundred  and  thirty windows or lights and not more than one

hundred and thirty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lafl-mentioned adt, the yearly fum of fix pounds and ten fhillings :

For 140, and For every dwelling houfe inhabited* or which hereafter fhall not more than be habited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one I49) • '’  hundred

1796.] Annoregni tricefimofeptimoGEORGii Ill.c. 105

hundred and forty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and forty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lad-mentioned adf, the yearly fum of seven pounds:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter fhall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and fifty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lad-mentioned act, the yearly fum of seven pounds and ten (hillings :

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and iixty windows or lights and not more than one hundred and fixty-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the lad-mentioned adl, the yearly fum of eight pounds and five (hillings:

-For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and feventy windows or lights and not more than one hundred and feventy-nine windows or lights, which is or ought to be rated under the 1 aft-mentioned act, the yearly fum of nine pounds:

For every dwelling houfe inhabited, or which hereafter (hall be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great Britain, having one hundred and eight windows or lights and upwards, which is or ought to be rated under the laft-mentioned act, the yearly fum of ten pounds.

38'!

For 150,and not more than 159,—7I. 108.

For 160, and not more than 169,—81. 58.

For 170,and not more than 179,-91.

For 180, and upwards,— 10I.

II.  And be it further enacted, That the faid additional rates Duties to be and duties hereby impofed, (hall be paid over and above, and in Paid in addj-addition to, the refpective rates and duties on houfes, granted by payable the acts of the fixth, the nineteenth, and the twenty-fourth years on houfes. of his prelent Majesty, or any other act or acts now in force.

III.  And be it further enacted, That the faid feveral rates and Duties to be duties by this ad! impofed, (ball be fubjedt and liable to an ad-

ditiorial duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum per annum, ^ent mi* on the produce and amount contained in any afleiTment thereof, the amount.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That, for the better aiTefiing, Commiflion-levying, colledling, and paying the before-mentioned duties by ers for the this act impofed, the commifiioners authorifed or appointed, or affairs of taxes who (hall hereafter be authorifed or appointed, for putting in t<TFut Lbis

V n  1  ,  r  1  •  ,  r  &  1  adt 111 CXCCU-

execuuon the a<tts relative to the prelent duties on houles and windows or lights, and inhabited houfes, or any other duties placed under the management of the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, fhall be commifiioners for executing this prefent ad!, with relation to the aforefaid duties, and the powers herein contained, in all and fingular the counties, (hires, (lewartt ies, ridings, diviiions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places reflectively, within the kingdom of Great Britain ; and that the faid feveral furveyors, infpectors, afleflors, and collectors reflectively appointed, or who (hall be appointed in manner aforesaid,

(hall

382 Anno regni tricefirao feptimo Georgii III. c. 105. [1796.

{hall be furveyors, infpectors, a Heitors, and colleftors, to put in execution this prefenl a£t according to the refpedttve powers and authorities given to them by the faid former a£ts, or any of them; and the faid commiftioners, and other the perfons aforefaid being duly qualified to add in the execution of the faid feveral acts as before mentioned, (hall, and they' are hereby refpedtively empowered and required to do all things neceffary for putting this aeft in execution with relation to the aforefaid rates or duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the feveral adts relative to the rates and duties on windows or lights, a,nd houles, or any matter or thing therein refpedtively contained.

V.  And be it further ena£ted,That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral afteftors, in making the affeftment under this prefent a£t of the additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, to affefs the fum of twenty pounds• per centum upon the amount of all the former rates and duties contained in any affeftment, whereon the rates of twenty pounds per centum are impoled byany a6t or adts of parliament, and the rates and duties impofed by this a£t, in one fum, and by one affeftment and charge, inftead of diftindt afleffments and charges, and to return the fame to the refpedtive commiftioners, in the manner and under the regulations and diredtions preferibed by an adt, palfed in the prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejiy additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commijjioners for the affairs of taxes; and that the refpedtive coiiedtors (hall and may colledt and receive the faid duties accordingly.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the fir ft affeftment under this adt (hall be made for three quarters of a year from the fifth day cf July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and that, from and after the fifth day of April one thou-

Mode of making the affefF-nients of id. per cent, and returning them to the commiffion-ers.

Firft affeff-ment to be for three quarters, from July 5, 1797, and af-

terwards for a pancj seven hundred and ninety-eight, the afleffments under this

year, and paid quar terly.

Duties to be alfelled, See. as other duties under the management of the commif-fiontrs for taxes*

adt fhall be made for one whole year from the fifth day of April in each year; and that the duties fo to be affeffed (hall be paid quarterly, at the times and in manner following; that is to fay. On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftober, in every year, by equal portions, the firft of I he faid payments on the faid aftefiment for three quarters of a year, to be made on the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

VJI. And be it further enadted, That the faid feveral rates and duties by this adt impofed, fhall feverally and refpedtively be aftefted, raifed, levied, colledted, and received, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are preferibed and appointed by ar.v adt or acts of parliament for aftefting, raifing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, granted by the adts of the fixth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and the duties.

  °n

,1796*] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 106.  383

on inhabited houfes granted by an a61 of the nineteenth year of tfie reign of his prefent Majesty, or any other duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or by any of them, fo far as the fame now remain in force, and are applicable to the faid feveral and refpedlive duties, or any of them, and are not altered by this ad; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, exemptions, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the faid feveral ads, or any of them, or any ad or ads therein referred to, for the aflefling, railing, levying, colleding, and paying, the rates and duties thereby granted, fhall be in full force, and be duly obferved, pradifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the afteffing, raiding, levying, colleding, and paying, the feveral duties by this ad granted, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, diredions, penalties, exemptions, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this ad.

VIII.  And be it further enaded, That all monies arifing by Duties to be the faid rates and duties hereby impofed, (the neceftary charges consolidated6 of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), (hall, from time fund.

to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and fhall be carried to, and made part of the confolidated fund.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the

monies arifing, or to arife, of the faid duties by this ad impofed, for ten years/ or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficienr, fhall be deemed an are to be kept, addition made fo the revenue for the purpose of defraying the with others increafed charge occafioned by any loan.railed, or flock created, ^Same^ur by virtue of any ad or ads palled in this fefFion of parliament; pofe/lVparate .and that the faid monies fliall, during the fpace of ten years next from all other enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt diftindly and apart from monies, all other branches of the publick revenue ; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in ■which all the monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the laid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted, or to be granted, in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge 25 aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to bis Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CVI.

An a£i for granting to his MajeJIy additional duties on certain horfes, before charged zulth a duty of two j,hillings by an a£l of the thirty-ftxih year of his prefent MajeJIys reign, and on mules.—[July 19,

1797-3

Molt gracious Sovereign,

'E, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedls the Preamble, commons of Great Britain, in parliament alTembled, towards raifmg the neceftary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s

publick

384

Additional duty of 3s. to be paid for every horfe, See. chargeable un der 36 Gto.

3. c. 15. and to be fubjebt to 20I. per cent.

Herbs fur niilud ('Or volunteer corps exempted from duties impofed by this abt, and 36 Geo. 3. c. 15.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c* 106. [1796.

publick expences, and making an addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duties herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every perfon who, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall keep any horfe, mare, or gelding, or any mule, charged with a duty of two (hillings by an abt of the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, (hall yield and pay annually an additional duty of three (hillings for each such horfe, mare, ge’d-ing, or mule; which faid duty (hall alfo be fubjebt to an additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum on the produce and amount contained in any affeffment thereof.

II.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no perfon who fhall ferve in any volunteer corps raifed by virtue of any abi or abls of parliament now in force, and (hall provide a horfe, mare, or gelding, liable to the duties by this abt impofed, for suchTervice, or who (hall, at his or her expeftce, furnifh a horfe, mare, or gelding, liable to the faid duties, for any perfon ferving in any such corps as aforesaid, fhall be charged or chargeable for such horfe, mare, or gelding, with the additional duties by this abt impofed, or the former duties impofed by an abt, pafted in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, ( An a£i for granting to his Majesty new duties on certain horfes not charged with the duty by any other at7 or acts of parliament, and on mules.)

III.  And be it further enabled. That for the better afleffing,

Duties to be

under the ma- levying,collebting,and paying, the before-mentioned duties by this the^commif abt impofed, the commiffioners authorifed or appointed, or who Coners for the (hall be hereafter authorifed or appointed, for putting in execu-affiirs of  tion the abis relative to the prefent duties on houfes and windows

tax,es.  or lights, and inhabited houfes, or any other duties placed under

the management of the commiftionrs for the affairs of taxes, fhall be commiffioners for executing this prefent abt with relation to the aforefaid duties, and the powers therein contained, in all and lingular the counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, divifions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpeblively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the feveral furveyors, inlpebtors, affeffors, and collectors, refpeblively appointed to put in execution the faid feveral acbs before mentioned, or any of them, (hall be furveyojs, infpebtors, affeffors, and colledtors, to put in execution this prefent act, according to the refpebtive powers and authorities given to them by the faid former abls, or any of them; and the faid commiffioners, and other the perfons aforesaid, being duly qualified to abt in the execution of the (aid leveral abls before mentioned, relative to the faid former rates or duties, or any of them,-fhall, and they are hereby refpeblively empowered and required to do all things oeceffary for putting

this

1796.] Anno regni trlcefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 106.  385

this*aft in execution, with relation t?o the duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any o f them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid former - afts relative to the faid rates and duties, any matters or things therein refpeftively contained.

IV.  And be it further enafted, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it (hall /mpofecTby3 and may be lawful to and for the feveral afiefibrs, in making the this a<5t, and fevera! afiefi'ments of two (hillings and three (hillings under this pre- 36 Geo. 3. fent aft, and the aft of the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majesty’s ^ afTeffecM reign, before mentioned, to make one aflefiment at the rate of five ^e^um! *** ihillines for each horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, afi'elTed by this aft, inftead and in lieu of the faid two feveral afiefiments; and in > making the feveral afiefiments under this prefent aft of the additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, and of the duties of ten pounds per centum, find of ten pounds per centum under the aft of the thirty-fixth year pf his prefent Majesty’s reign, before mentioned, to make one afTefirneiit after the rate of twenty pounds upon the amount of the faid refpeftive duties, together with such other duties as (hall be included in the fame aflefirnent, and to return the fame to the refpeftive commifhon-ers, in the manner, and under' the regulations and directions, prefcribed by an aft, palled in the prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled. An aft fir granting to bis Majejiy additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commiffioners fir the affairs of taxes; and that the refpeftive colleftors fhajl and may colleft and receive the faid duties accordingly.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the firfi: Firft aiTeff-afiefiment under this aft of the duties hereby impofed, be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of three quarters ‘July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and after-of a year, wards the afTefiment of the duties charged by this aft fjbal 1 be ^r°m July 5, made for one year, from the fifth, day of April in every year; I797Jran4 and that the duties, fo to be afiefied under this aft, fhall be paid for^'year^ quarterly, at the times and in manner following; (that is to fay), and to be paid On the fifth day of "January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day quarterly, of July, and the tenth day of Ottober, in every year, by equal portions; the firfi of the faid payments on the faid afiefiment for three quarters of a year, to be made on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

VI.  And be it further enafted, That the feveral duties by this Duties to be aft impofed fhall and may be afeertained, managed, collefted, a fee r tamed, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such penal-  tonne*

ties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to such general rules, methods, and direftions, by which the rates and duties on horfes kept and ufed for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing, or by which the rates and duties granted by the faid aft of the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majefiry’s reign, before mentioned, are or may be afeertained, managed, collefted, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of (he faid rules, methods, and direftions, are exprefsly varied by (his Vol. XLI.  Cc  afts

Duties to be carried to the confolidated fund.

386 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 107. [1796.

aft; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any a£f or a£ts of parliament relative to the faid rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, and not hereby otherwife provided for, the furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the faid rates and duties, by any of the faid former a<fts granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the duties by this a<ft impofed, fhall be in full force and duly obferved, pra£tifed, *nd put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the duties by this a£b granted, as fully and effe£lually to all intents and purposes as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-ena6ted in the body of this prefent a£t.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That all monies arifing by the faid duties (the neceflary charges of railing and accounting for the fame exceptedJ, fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the

from 10 years  arifing or to arife of the faid duties, or fo much thereof

fhall, with as fhall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the others granted revenue for the purpose of defraying the increafed charge occa-ior the fame floned by any loan railed or ftock created by virtue of any a£t or

a£ts palled in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt diftindlly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the laid receipt, during the faid period of left years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the laid duty, and paid into the laid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this feffion ol parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

purpofe, be kept feparate from all other

CAP. CVII.

An aft for granting to his Madditional duties on male —[July 19,1797.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. II 7E, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the com-V v mons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards raifmg the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making an addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarilyrefolved togiveand grant unto your Majesty the additional duties herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enatfted; and be it enaefed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and

confent

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 107.  387

confent of the lords fpiritaal and temporal, and commons, in this From July St1

prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, ,I797> the

That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven addiTion^11^

hundred and ninety-seven, there fhall be raifed, levied, colledted, duties to be

and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef- paid for male

fors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the feveral duties ^rvantb 5  ©  °  9  chargeable

following

that is to fay,

under 25 Geo.

3* c* 43 •

That every perfon who fhall retain or employ two male fer- For two, vants, arid no more within the kingdom or Great Britain, for 1os.each: or in refpedt whereof any rate or duty is payable by virtue of an adt palled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, fhall be charged with an additional yearly duty of ten fhi llings for each of such fervants:

That every perfon who fhall retain or employ three such male For three or fervants, or four male fervants, and no more, fhall be charged f°ur> r5s* with an additional yearly duty of fifteen (hillings for each such ea<"^ ’ fervant:

That every perfon who Pnall retain or employ more than four For ™ore such male fervants, fhall be charged with an additional yearly cmr, 1 . duty of one pound for each such lervant.

II.  And be it enacted, That the faid additional rates and duties hereby impofed fhall be paid over and above and in addition totoformer the rates and duties on male fervants granted by an adt palled in duties, the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty,'or any

other a dt or adts in force on and immediately before the palling of this adt.

III.  And be it further enabled. That the faid rates and anj* hable to duties by this adt impofed fhall refpedtively be fubjedt and liable th^ei*CCn * to an additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum amount.

per annum, on the produce and amount contained in any aftefT-orient thereof.

IV.  And be it further enacled. That, for the better aftefiing, Commiflioners levying, collecting, and paying, the faid additional duties by this

adt impofed, the commiflioners authorifed or appointed, or who a<^'jn exe. fhall hereafter be appointed, for putting in execution the feveral cution. adts relative to the prefent duties on male fervants, or any other duties placed under the management of the commillioners for the affairs of taxes, fhall be commiflioners for executing this prefent adt with relation to the aforefaid duties, and the powers herein contained, in all and fingular the counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, divifions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpedtively within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the feveral furveyors, infpedtors, afteftbrs, and collectors refpedtively appointed, or who fhall be appointed, (hall be furveyors, infpedtors, afleftbrs, and collectors, to put in execution this prefent adt, according to the refpedtive powers and authorities given to them by the faid former adts, or any of them ; and the fail commiflioners and other the perfons aforesaid, being duly qualified to adt in the execution of the faid feveral acts as before mentioned,

C c 2  -  fhall,

Mode of

making the aflefiments of 20I. per cent, and returning them to the commif-fconers.

388 Anno regni tricefimo fentimo Georgii III. c. 107. [1796.

(hall, and they are hereby refpedlively empowered and required to do all things necefTary for putting this adt in execution with relation to the aforefaid rates or duties hereby jmpofed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is authorifed to put in execution the feveral a61s relative to the feveral rates and duties on male fervants, or any matters or things therein refpedfively contained.

V.  And be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the feveral affeffors, in making the affeflments under this act of the additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, to aflefs the fum of twenty pounds per centum upon the amount of all the former rates and duties contained in any affeflment whereon the rates or duties of twenty pounds per centum are impofed by any adl or adts of parliament, and the rates and duties impofed by this adt, in one fum and by one affeflment and charge, inftead of diftindt affeflments and charges, and to return the fame to the refpective commiffioners in the manner and under the regulations and diredlions prefcribed by an adt, pafled in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefly additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and that the refpedtive colledtors (hall and may colledt and receive the faid rates and duties accordingly.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That the firft affeff-ment under this adt fhall be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and that, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the affeflments under a ^ this adt fhall be made for one year, from the fifth day of April and to he paid in each year; and that the duties fo to be affeffed fhall be paid quarterly. quarterly, at the times and in manner following; (that is to fay). On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftober, in every year, by equal portions; the firft of the faid payments on the faid afleffment for three quarters of a year to be made on the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

VII.  And be it further enadted, That the faid feveral rates and duties by this adt impofed fhall feverally and refpedtively be af-felled, raifed, levied, collected, and received, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, provifoes, and exemptions, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prefcribed and appointed by any adt or adts of parliament for affefling, raifing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying over, the duties on male fprvants granted by the faid adt of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, or any other rates and duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, fo far as the fame now remain in force and are applicable to the faid feveral and refpedtive duties, or any of them, and are not altered by this ad!; and that all and every the powers* authorities, rules, diredtions, penalties, forfeitures.

Firft afTefT*-ment to be for three quarters, from July 5, 1797. and afterwards for a year.

Duties to be aflefled, &c. as others under the management of commiffioners for taxes.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo GeorgiiIII c. 108.  389

feitures, exemptions, claufes, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the faid feveral acls, or any of them, or any a61 or atfls therein referred to, tor the affefling, raifing, levying, furcharging, collecting, and paying over, the rates and duties thereby granted, fhall be in full force, and be duly obferved, pradfifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the affefting, raifing, levying, furcharging, collecting, and paying, the feveral additional duties by this adt impofed, as fully and effectually, to all intents andpurpofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions, provifoes, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-cnadled by this adt.

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That ail monies arifing by the Duties to be faid rates and duties hereby impofed, (the neceffary charges of con^oHd^e^ raifing and accounting for the fime excepted), fhall, from time fun(j4

to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and {hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

IX.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That the monies ^PP^r^011 arifing or to arife of the faid duties by this act impofed, or fo much ^ich for thereof as fhall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made IO years, to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the encreafed charge are, with occafioned by any loan raifed or flock created by virtue of any ^thers granted aft or adts paffed in this fedion of parliament, and that the faid pu^pofe^to^e monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid kept fep’arate into the faid receipt, diftindUy and apart from all the other from all other branches of the publick revenue ; and that there fhall be provided momes#

and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted, or to be granted, in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered, feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CVIII

An aft for granting to his Majesty certain duties on clods and watches, — [July 19, 1797.]

Mofl gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned; and do mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadled; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

c c 3  and

From July 5, 1797, the following annual duties to be paid:

and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, there fhall be charged, affeffed, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the feveral duties herein-after mentioned; that is to fay,

For every clock, 5s#

For every gold watch, or enamelled 'on gold, 1 os.

For every (liver or metal watch, as. 6d.

For and upon every clock or timekeeper, by whatever name the fame fhal! be called, which (hail be ufed for the purpose of a clock, and placed in or upon any dwelling houfe, or any office or building thereunto belonging, or any other building whatever, whether private or publick, belonging to any perfon or perfons, or company of perfons, or any body corporate or politick, or collegiate, or which fhall be kept and ufed, by any perfon or perfons in Great Britain, there flu a 11 be charged an annual duty of five (hillings:

For and upon every gold watch, or watch enamelled on gold, or gold timekeeper ufed for the purpose of a watch, by whatever name the fame fhall be called, which fhall be kept, and worn, or ufed, by any perfon or perfons in Great Britain, there fhall be charged an annual duty of ten (hillings:

'And for and upon every filver or metal watch, or filver or metal timekeeper ufed for the purpose of a watch, or any. other watch, or timekeeper ufed for the like purpose, not befoie charged, of whatever materials the fame (hall be made, and by whatever name the fame fhall be called, which fhall be kept, and worn, or ufed, by any perfon, there fhall be charged an annual duty of two (hillings and fixpence:

What watches lliall be deemed gold.

Duties to be under the management of the com m if. fioners of taxes.

The Faid feveral duties to be paid by the refpe&ive proprietors of such clocks, watches, and time keepers.

II.  And be it further enabled. That every watch, of which the outer or the inner cafe fhall be made of gold, or (hall be enamelled on gold, fhall be charged w ith the duty hereby impofed on gold watches.

III.  And be it further enacted, That the commiffioners au-tborifed or appointed, or who fhall be hereafter authorifed or appointed, to put in execution the a£ts relative to any of the prefent duties placed under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, (hall be commiffioners for executing this prefent and the powers herein contained, with relation to the duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, in ail the counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, ftewartries, cities, boroughs,cinque ports, towns, and piaces refpedliveiy, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the feveral furveyor>, infpecflors, affeffers,' and colledlors, refpedhvely appointed or to be appointed to put in execution the faid a61s relative to the faid prefent duties under the management of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, (hall he furveyors, infpecSlors, affeffors, and collectors, to put in execution this prefent a<£t, with relation to the duties hereby granted, as befoie mentioned, according to the

powers

. 

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 108.  391

powers ..given to them refpedively by the faid ads, or any of them, and not hereby altered, or according to the powers given to them by this ad; and the faid commi (boners, and other the perfons aforesaid, being refpedively duly qualified to ad: in the execution of any of the faid ads before mentioned, fhaII and they are hereby refpedively empowered and required to do all things neceffary for putting this ad in execution with relation to the faid duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the laid ads relative to the faid prefent duties under the management of the faid commif-fioners for the affairs of taxes, or any matters or things therein refpedively contained.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That the aforefaid duties by Duties to be this ad granted, (hall and may be afcertained, managed, col- ascertained, leded, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabihties, and according to such rules, thejr manage-methods, diredlions, and provifions, by which the rates and ment. duties now placed under the management of the commifiloners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, are or is, or may be afcertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the faid rules, methods, diredions, and provifions, are exprefsly varied by this ad; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any aft or ads relative to the faid rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, for the furcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the rates and duties by any former ads granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the aforefaid duties granted by this ad, and not exprefsly varied, or otherwife provided for, fhall be in full force, and duly obferved, pradifed, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for fur-charging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the aforefaid duties granted by this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things.

Were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

V.  And be it further enaded, That the faid commifiioners Fir# meeting hereby appointed to put in execution this ad (hall, in their re-  *

fpedive counties, ridings, divifions, [hires, ftewartries, cities, % boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or (hall be appointed commifiioners refpedively, meet for the iirft time on or before the firll day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or on such other day as the faid com-miilioners, or any two or more of them, (hall think proper to appoint, not later than the fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-leven, and proceed in the execution of this a£1 in such and the fame manner as-is prefcribed by any ad or ads with refped to the rates and duties before mentioned, under the, management of the faid commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, (except where any alteration is made by this ad); and

c c 4  the

their appointment.

Affeffbrs to leave notice yearly at the houies of perfons liable to the duty.

Notice to require the housekeepers

dule.

392 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Geor6ii 111. c. io§. ^1798.

who ihall give the faid commiffioners (hall, at such tfiefr meeting, caufe notice n°li£e to ^he to be given to the perfons appointed within their refpeeftive a e or& o diftridls or divifions to be afl'eflors Or collectors under the faid aCts before mentioned, or any of them, that such perfons are alfo appointed refpeclively aftefTots or Collectors of the duties granted by this a6h

VL And be it further enabled, That the feveral perfons appointed affeffors for the prefent year (hall* within fourteen days after notice of their being appointed affeffors of the aforefaid duties hereby granted, and the feveral perfons to be hereafter appointed afleftbrs fhall, within fourteen days after such their appointment, yearly leave notice in writing at every dwelling houfe within their refpedlive diftridfs, in or upon which any clock, watch, or timekeeper aforefaid fhall be placed, kept and worn, or ufed, or in which any perfon liable to be afTeffed to the aforefaid duties hereby granted fhall dwell.

VII.  And be it further enabled, Tint every notice to be left as aforefaid at any dwelling houfe, for the occupier or occupiers

to prepare lifts thereof, fhall require such occupier or occupiers to prepare and tior s^n'the' Froc^ucc> within the fpace of fourteen days next enfuing the day form con-  S,v*lng such notice, a lift or declaration in writing of all the

tained in the clocks, and timekeepers ufed for the purpose of clocks, and annexed fche- placed in or upon such dwelling houfe, and belonging either to the owner or owners of such dwelling houfe, or to such occupier or occupiers; and alfo of all watches, and timekeepers uled for the purpose of watches, kept and worn, or ufed, by such occupier or occupiers; and another lift in writing, containing the ebriftiart and furnames of each and every perfon dwelling in such dwelling houfe, whether such perfons are liable to the aforefaid duties by this abl granted or not, and whether such perfon (hall be one of such occupier’s family, or an inmate or lodger in such dwelling houfe; which lift and declaration fhall be made out by such occupier or occupiers in the form in the fchedule to this abt annexed.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That every such occupier for whom any such notice as aforefaid fhall be left, fhall be

declaration in obliged, within fourteen days after such notice being left, to make 14 days after out the lift, and fign the declaration before mentioned; and fhall tor^uire^all a^0? w^n the like period, caufe the contents of the faid notice perfonTwithinto read over anc* mac^e known to each and every perfon the houfe to dwelling in such dwelling houfe, office, or building as aforefaid* liable to the aforefaid duties; and fhall require each and every such perfon to declare to every such occupier the exabl number of the clocks, watches, and timekeepers, for which he or fhe ought to be afTeffed, and to give a defeription thereof, in such manner that the duties payable for the fame may be afeertained, or to declare that such perfon has not kept and worn, or ufed, within the time herein-after fpecified, any such clock, watch, or timekeeper; which declarations the faid occupier or occupiers fhall caufe to be entered in the lift or declaration to be delivered by him, her, or them3 to the afTefTor or afleffors, and fhall require

each

Houfekeepers to make out lift and fign

declare the number of

clocks and watches for which they ought to be aft died, dec,

1796.] Anno regnl trifcefimo feptimo Georg 11 III. e. roS. 393

each and every such perfon to write or caufe to be written his or * her chriftian or furname oppofite the entry of his or her clocks* watches, or timekeepers, or his or her declaration as aforefaid; and every such perfon, being required thereunto as aforefaid by &ny such occupier or occupiers, fhali be obliged to make such declaration, and to atteft the fame in the manner before direded, unjefs such perfon fhali be ufually refident elfewhere* out of the diftrict of such affeffor or affefTors where such notice (hall be left, and (hall be liable to be aiTelTed in such other place, and fhali declare the place where he or fhe intends to be affefled to or pay, or has been affefTed to or paid, the aforefaid duties, which declaration {hall be entered on the return to be made by such occupier or occupiers, and figned as aforefaid.

IX.  And be it further enabled, That every such lift or decla- Lifts for the ration (hall, for the firft and fecond times of the fame being concftime^" to required under this act, contain the greateft number of clocks, contajn^he Watches, and timekeepers liable to the aforefaid duties hereby largeft number granted, which have been placed in or upon his or her dwelling of clocks and houfe, offices, or buildings as aforesaid, or kept and worn, or

ufed, by the refpedtive perfons fpecified in such lift or declaration tween Au®" if as aforesaid, at any one time between the firft day of Augnjl one 1797, and^the thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the day of making time of mak-a return thereof refpe&ively, according to the diredtions of this ^fter °Ut> adt j and every such lift or declaration thereafter to be made fhali  ^"rjng

contain the greateft number of such clocks, watches, and time- the year end-keepers, fo placed as aforesaid, or kept and worn, or ufed, by mg April 5, such perfons refpedtively, during the year ending on the fifth day preceding, of April preceding the day of making such return; and each perfon mentioned in the lift and declaration of such occupier, fhali be liable to be charged to the full number of his or her clocks, watches, and timekeepers, which fhali or ought to be inferted in such lift or declaration.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That it fhali A fie fib rs may and may be lawful to and for any such affeffor or affeffors, when-

ever he or they fhali fee occafion, to ferve a notice perlonally not being upon* or leave the fame at the houfe where any perfon liable to houibholders, any of the aforefaid duties hereby granted, and not being the requiring occupier of such houfe as aforesaid, fhali refide, requiring such ou™eparatVC perfon to make out, fign, and deliver a feparate lift and declara- \^Si tion of the number of his or her clocks, watches, and timekeepers in the manner before direbled; and every such perfon fhali, after such notice fo lerved or left, make out, fign, and deliver, a lift and declaration, within the times refpedlively before limited, in such form and manner as is herein directed to be done by occupiers of dwelling houfes with refpeeft to clocks, watches, and timekeepers, being their own property refpe&ively, or in default thereof a feparate afl'eflment (hall be made upon such perfon, in the manner before diredted with refpebt to such occupiers as aforefaid; and every such perfon fhali be liable to be affelfed in the diftribt in which such lift and declaration fhali be made, unlefs he or fhe (hall add to such return a declaration of the

par-

394 Annoregni tricefimofeptimoGeorgii III. c. 108. [1796.

If houfe-holders neglect to ir.ake out lifts, tec. the a fie (Tors fhall a fiefs them from the beft information they can obtain, which fhall be final, unlefs certain particulars be proved.

particular parifh or place of his or her ufual refidence where such perfon intends to pay, or has been aflefied to or paid, the afore-faid duties.

XL And be it further enabled, That if any occupier of any dwelling houfe at which any such notice (hall be left, (hall, for the Ipace of fourteen days after such notice, neglebt or refufe to make out such lifts or declarations, or either of them, or fhall neglect or refufe, within the faid period of fourteen days, to make known the contents ot such notice to each and every perfon dwelling in such dwelling houfe, or to require and take the lifts or declarations of every such perfon willing to make the fame, or to infert the fame in the declaration of inch occupier, in the manner herein directed, or to deliver or caufe to be delivered such lift and declaration to such afteftbr or alleftors, duly filled up and figned as aforesaid, when he or they fhall call for the fame at such dwelling houfe, at any time after the expiration of fourteen days from the faid notice being left, and (hall not leave such lift and declaration at the place named in the faid notice, at the place of abode of one of the faid aftefi'ors, within fourteen days after such afieftor or afleftors ihall have fo called for the fame, then such afteftbr or afteftors (hall, from the beft information he or they can obtain, make an affeftment upon such occupier for or in refpedl of every clock, watch, or timekeeper, kept and worn, or ufed, by such occupier, and upon every other perfon dwelling in the dwelling houfe of such occupier, for of in refpedt of every clock, watch, or timekeeper, kept and worn, or ufed, by such other perfon; and every such afleftment fo made upon the occupier, (hall be final and conclufive upon him or her, without liberty of appeal therefrom, unlefs such occupier (hall prove on such appeal, as is herein-after mentioned, that he or fhe was not at his or her dwelling houfe at the time of leaving the faid notice, nor between that day and the time limited for delivering such lift: and declaration to the affeffor, or fhall alledge and prove such other excufe as the commiftioners for executing this abt fhall in their judgement think reafonable and lufticient, and at the time of such appeal (hall produce upon oath a true and full lift and declaration, made and figned as herein required, of all clocks, watches, and timekeepers, placed or being in or upon his or her dwelling houfe, offices, or buildings aforesaid, or kept and worn, or ufed, by him or her, or any perfon or perfons dwelling in any such dwelling houfe, office, or building as aforesaid, to the beft of the knowledge or belief cf such occupier; and every such afteftment fo made upon any such other perfon fliall be final and conclufive upon him or her, without liberty of appeal therefrom, unlefs such other perfon (hall prove that the contents of such notice had not been made known to him or her, or that no lift or declaration had been required from him or her, or that such lift: or declaration had been given, and neglebted to be in-ferted in the lift or declaration of the occupier, and at the time of such appeal fhall produce, on oath, a true and full lift and declaration, figned by him or her, of all clocks, watches, and

time-

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 108.  395

timepieces, ‘kept and worn, or ufed, by him or her, within the time for which such lift and declaration are required to be given.

XU,  And be ir further enadfed, That (uch afieffors as aforefaid AflTdlors, Sec. (hall not be bound by such lids and declarations as (hall be deli- omdllon ^ vered to them refpedtively in nurfuance of this a61, but that such may. afieffors, and alfo any furveyor or infpedlor of the duties hereby make fur* impofed, fhall be at liberty, if he or they fhall find, on due exa- charges after ruination, that any clock, W2tch, or timekeeper, liable to any of ^eu^et^ the duties by this ad impofed; is omitted in such lift or declara- dllties. of tion, to furcharge the fame, and make a true affefiment upon which they every perfen liable as aforefaid within their refpedive diftrids, of fhall receive the real number of such clocks, watches, and timekeepers, liable a m01cty*

to the faid duties, or any of them, fubjed to an appeal, at such times and in such manner as is direded by the aforefaid ads relative to the prefent duties under the management of the faid commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them; and that in all such cafes such furcharge (hall be made after the rate of double the duty for every clock, watch, or timekeeper fo omitted ; and the afTeffor, furveyor, or infpecior, fo making such furcharge, fhall be and is hereby entitled to, and fhall have and receive, For his own ufe, one moiety of the fum charged by every furcharge which may be jufitly made upon any such lid and declaration.

XIII.  And be it further enaded, That the firft adeffment Firft affeff*

under this ad, of the faid duties hereby impofed, (hall be made ment to be for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of July one thou-  from

fand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and afterwards fhall be made ju{y ^ 1*797, for one whole year, from the fifth day of April in every year. and after-

XIV.  And be it further enacted. That the aforefaid duties wafds tor a hereby granted fhall be paid'quarterly, at the times and in the Fear* manner following; that is to fay, On the fifth day of January, ^ll^es to he the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of terly.^11^ Ofiober, in every year, by equal portions; the firft of the faid payments upon the faid afteffment for three quarters of a year, to

be made on the tenth day of Gttober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

XV.  And be it further ena&ed, That in refpect of every clock, A notice to or timekeeper ufed for the purpose of a clock, which fhall be J^t with ereded, placed, or be in or upon any building belonging to any companies0 company of perfons, body politick or corporate, or collegiate, a &c. or affixed notice (hall annually, as aforesaid, be left with any known officer to the outer of such company, body politick or corporate, or collegiate, who door of the fhall certify the contents thereof to his luperior or fuperiors hav-

ing the care ol such clock, timekeeper, or building, or to whom clock is ere&* such clock, timekeeper, or building, fhall belong ; or if no such ed, Sec. officer (hall be known to the afteffor or affeffors, then such notice fhall be affixed on the outer door of such building, which notice fo delivered or affixed (hail be deemed good and lufficient notice, and fhall be as efFeclual to compel the delivery of a lift and declaration of the names and deferiptions of the perfon or perfons chargeable with the duty hereby impofed on such clock or timekeeper, as if the fame had been perfonally ferved on such perfon •pr perfons; and the duty hereby impofed on such dock or timekeeper

Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 108. [1796.

keeper fnall be paid by the company, body politick or corporate,

•  '  or collegiate, to whom such clock, timekeeper, or building (hall

belong, and the goods and chattels of such company, body politick or corporate, or collegiate, to whom such clock or timekeeper {hall belong, (hall be liable in payment of the fame, in like manner as the goods and chattels of any owner of any clock charged with the faid duty by this aft is hereby, or by any aft or afts herein referred to, made liable for nonpayment of the faid duty.

Penalty of 1 ol. XVI. And be it further enafted, That where any occupier of for not deli- any dwelling houfe, or any officer of any company, body politick and^declara- or corPorate> or collegiate, or other perfon liable under the directions, &c. tions before contained to deliver such lift and declaration as afore-faid to the affeffor or affeffors, fhall refufe or negleft, within the time herein-before prefcribed, to deliver or caufe to be delivered to such affeffor or affeffors, such lift or declaration fpecifying the number of clocks, watches, and timekeepers, ufed as aforefaid by such occupier or occupiers, ai d likewife of those belonging to all such perfons dwelling within such dwelling houfe, office, or building, as fhall have leipeftively made to such occupier the declaration herein-before required, or belonging to such company, body politick or corporate, or collegiate; or if any perfon or perfons dwelling in any dwelling houfe, and liable, under the directions of this aft, to give to the occupier thereof such declaration as aforesaid, (hall negleft or refufe, on demand, to give such declaration of the number of his or her clocks, watches, and time-

After Oft. 10, 1797, a penalty ot iol. for having clocks or watches, and not having declared the fame.

The duties on clocks in dwelling houfes not enjoyed by any particular occupier to be charged upon the landlords.

Duties on clocks let with dwelling houfes, &c.

keepers, or to. declare that he, (lie, or they has or have ufed or worn none, to such occupier, and to fign his or her name to such declaration, he or fhe fo neglefting or refufmg {hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XVII.  And be it further enafted, That, from and after the tenth day of Ottober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, if any perfon fhall have, keep, and ufe, any clock, or time-keeper for the purpose of a clock, or keep and wear, or ufe, any watch, or timekeeper for the purpose of a watch, liable to any duty by this aft impofed, without having declared the fame in the manner herein direfted, every such perfon (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

XVIII.  And be it further enafted. That when any dwelling houfe with the offices and buildings thereto belonging, {hall be demifed to different occupiers in feparate apartments, the duties by this aft granted as aforesaid, which fhall become payable in refpeft of any clock or timekeeper, placed or being in or upon such dwelling houfe, office, or building, and belonging to the landlord or landlords, and not exclufively in the enjoyment of any particular occupier, fhall be charged upon the landlord or landlords who let or demifed the fame, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, and not on the occupier or occupiers*

XIX.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the aforefaid duties hereby granted, which (hall be payable in refpeft of any clock or timekeeper, placed or being in or upon any

dwelling

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 108.  397

dwelling houfe, or any office or building belonging thereto, or to be paid by occupied therewith, and which (hall be let or demifed togetheroccuPier81' with such dwelling houfe, office, or building, {ball be paid by the occupier or occupiers thereof, his, her, or their executors or administrators, and not by the landlord or landlords, except in the cafe herein-before mentioned, any covenant, agreement, or contract to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX.  And be it further enacted. That the aforefaid duties How duties hereby granted, which fhall become payable by any perfon under on^nfa^ts^ the age of twenty-one years, having a parent or guardian, or re- to ec ar^e Tiding with any tutor or curator, Shall be charged upon such

parent or guardian, or such tutor or curator, provided the name of Such parent, guardian, tutor, or curator, (ball be returned to such afTefTor or affefTors of the aforefaid duties, or in default thereof, the faid duties (hall be charged upon and paid by such infant.

XXI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no-Duty not to

thing herein contained fhall be confirmed to charge with the duty  ^

hereby impofed, any. perfon who fhall inhabit any dwelling'houfe exempted^ wholly exempt from the payment of the duties on windows orfrom the lights, by an adf of the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Ma- duties on jefty, and alfo of the duties on inhabited houfes, by an a£t of the windows and nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, in refpedt one clo^k^or one clock, or timekeeper to be ufed for the purpose of a clock, one filver or or having only one clock or timekeeper, in refpedl of one filver metal watch: or metal watch, or filver or metal timekeeper ufed for the purpose of a watch ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That nothing nor to occu-

herein contained fhall be confirmed to charge with the faid duty, piers of houfes •  *  *  ^  —  *  not 1*^1 ter to* 0

any perfon inhabiting a dwelling houfe which, together with theat

offices thereunto belonging, is or ought to be rated at not more ten windows, than ten windows or lights to the duties on windows or lights, in for clocks not refpedf of any clock, or timekeeper ufed for the purpose of a clock, worth more in such dwelling houfe, the movements of which clock or time- an aGb‘ keeper fhall be made of wood, or fixed upon wood, and which clocks are ufually fold by the refpechive "makers thereof at a price not exceeding the fum of twenty Shillings for each such clock, or which fhall not be of greater value than the faid fum of twenty (hillings; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That nothing Not to extend herein contained fhall be confirmed to extend to charge with the to t!ie r°yai aforefaid duties, any clock or timekeeper placed or being in or a^balfad^ors upon any building in the occupation of his MajeSty, his heirs or ortohoipitafs, fucceflors, or any of the royal family, or of any ambafiador or churches* foreign minifirer refiding in Great Britain, or in or upon either &c*2

houfe of parliament, or any hofpiral or other building eredled and maintained for charitable purposes, nor upon any parifh church, or any chapel or other place of publick religious worfhip, or any watch or timekeeper kept, had, ufed, or worn, in any houfe inhabited

398

nor to certain buffi and men, nor foHliers, marines, or failors:

Anno regm tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 108. [1796,

habited by any of the royal family, or by any such ambaflador or foreign mini Peer.

XXIV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacled, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge with the duty hereby impofed any fervant in hufhandry dwelling with his or her mailer or miftrefs, in any dwelling houfe exempt from the payment of the faid duties on inhabited houfes, by the of the nineteenth year of his faid Majesty’s reign, before mentioned ; nor to any non-commiffioned officer or private in his Majesty’s army, or in the marines or the militia, nor to any feaman in his Majesty’s navy, or employed in the merchant ferv-icc.

XXV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That nothing

herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge with the

nor to the Rock of li-

ini?ilcC!Y*s  •  t

of or dealers duty hereby impofed, any maker of or dealer in clocks, watches, in’clocks and or timekeepers, in refpedt of any clock, watch, or timekeeper, watches, or kiept by him for fale, or intruded to him or his fervants or work-

licenfed pawnbrokers.

men, in the courfe of trade; such maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, being duly licenfed thereunto by virtue of this act j nor any pawnbroker in refpecl of any clock, watch, or timekeeper, kept for fale or in pledge, such pawnbrokerTeing duly licenfed thereunto by virtue of the laws now in force.

XXVI. And be it further enafted, That every perfon ufiftg and exercifino; the trade and bufmefs of a maker of, or dealer in

to  '

ck

watches, or timekeepers, within the city of London,

Makers of or dealers in clocks and watches.

taking out a the cicy or liberties of IVc/hinn/hry the weekly bills of mortality, licence, to the 'panfries of Saint MaryAc-Bone, or Saint Pancras, in the within certain county °* Middlefex, or the borough of Southwark, in the county 2s. 6d. 'Surrey^ and who (hall take out a licence to ufe and exercife and without, the faid trade and bufmefs of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, {hall yield and pay annually, to and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the him of two {hillings and fixpence; and tiyn every perfon uimg and exercifmg the faid trade and bufineis of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, ■' watches, or timekeepers-, without the city of London, the city and liberties of JVejiminficr, the weekly bills of mortality, the par idles of Saint Margie-Bone ^ and Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlejcx, and the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and who dial I take out a licence to ufe and exercife the faid trade and bufmefs of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, {ball yield and pay annually, to and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and iucceflors, the funi of one {hilling.

XXVII. Judy for the better and more effectually raifing, levying, collecting, and paying the faid duties hereby granted on licences, be it Licenceduties enacted, That the lame {hall he under the government, care, and to be under management, of the commiffioners for the time being appointed menTof^he" t0’manage the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, commiffioners and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required for Ramps. and empowered to employ luch officers under them for that pur-pofe, and allow such falaries and incidental charges as (hall be neceffiary; and to provide and ufe such marks or (lamps, as they

(hall

 Go< le

1796.] Annoregiii tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 108.  399

(hall think fit, to denote the faid duties, and to repair, renew, and alter the fame from time to time as they fhall fee occafion, and to do all other matters and things neccflary to be done for putting this a£t in execution with relation to the faid duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning {damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XX VIII. And be it further enadfed. That, from and after the Commiffion-pa fling of this add, any two or more of his Majefiy’s commif-^.rs to &rant fioners appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vel-lum, parchment, or paper, or fome perfon duly authorifed bycoramence them, or any three or more of them, lhall grant licences to such and continue perfons who fhall ufe and exercife the trade and bufinefs of a jn fo.rcj.as. maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, in any g^ein i300** city, town, or place within Great Britain, to ufe and exercife the fame within such city, town, or place, for any fpace of time as herein-after mentioned, not exceeding one year, and every such licence fhail ceafe and determine on the fifth day of July, in the year for which the fame fhall be ifiued ; and every such licence taken out for the year in which the fame fhall be ifiued, fhall be in force until and upon the fifth day of July then next following, and (hall commence from the date thereof; and every such licence taken out for any year fubfequent to the year in which the fame (hall be ifiued, lhall commence from the fifth day of July then next enfuing, and continue in force until and upon the fifth day of July in the fucceeding year; and that every such perfon fhall Licence to be. take out a frefii licence for another year, ten days at leaft before renewed the expiration of that year for which he fhall have been licenfed, - ear if he fhall continue to ufe and exercife the faid trade and bufinefs of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, and fhall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the refpedtive fums due on such licence, as long as he lhall continue to ufe and exercife the faid trade and bufinefs of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers.

XXIX.  And be it further enabled, That perfons carrying onOne licence their trade and bufinefs of makers of, or dealers in clocks, Efficient for watches, or timekeepers in partnerfhip, fhall not be obliged £0Paitners* take out more than one licence in any one year for carrying on

fuch trade or bufinefs.

XXX.  And be it further enabled, That every perfon ufing or Perfonscarry-exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, big on bufi-watches, or timekeepers, not having a licence to ufe or exercife ^licence to** the trade or bufinefs of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, forfeit 5I.

or timekeepers, who fhall, after the lirfi: day of Angujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, within the limits herein-before deferibed, and after the firfi: day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, without the faid limits, carry on the faid trade and bufinefs of a maker of, or dealer in clocks, watches, or timekeepers, without having obtained a licence for that pur-

pole

penalties fued for in three months, and where they may be fued for.

Recovery of penalties not lued tor in three months*

400 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 108. [1796.

pofc under the direftions of this aft, fhall forfeit and pay the Turn of five pounds.

Application of XXXI. And be it further enafted, That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby impofed, (hall (if fued for within the fpace of three calendar months from thfe time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majeffy, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fuo for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which fhall and may be fued for in his Majeffy’s court of exchequer at Wejhninjler, for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland., by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed,

XXXII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted. That in default of profecution within the time herein-before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture (hall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England, or advocate in Scotland, by information in the refpeftive courts aforesaid, in which cafe, the whole of such penalty or forfeiture fhall belong to his Majeffy, his heirs and fucceffors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and fhares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majeffy, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, fhall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his iVIajefty’s fiamp duties for the time being; and that in all cafes

be ^id m^the w^ere w^°^e °f such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fhall receiver ge- be recovered to the ufe of his Majeffy, his heirs or fucceffors, it neral of ftamp (hall be lawful for the Paid commiffioners to caufe such rewards duties, out of as they fhall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered, after dedufting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, or amongft any perfon or perfons who fhall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as difeoverers or informers, in refpeft of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any juffice of the peace reading near the place where the offence fhall be committed, to hear and determine any offence againft this aft, which fubjefts the offender to any pecuniary penalty, which Paid juffice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, tofummon the party accufed, giving to each party three days notice to appear, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and to examine into the matter of faftr; and upon proof made thereof, either by voluntary confeffion of the party accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible witnels or witneflcs, or o'therwife, as^the cafe may require, to give judgement or femence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by

this

Penalties to

which inform trs may be rewarded.

Juft ices may determine offences where pecuniary penalfits are inflicted.

1796.] AnnoregnitricefimofeptimoGEORGii III. cK 108,  401

this aCt is direCted to be divided, one moiety thereof to the poor Application of of the parifh or place where the offence fhall be committed, and ^a^be lTvied the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers, and to bydiftrefs. award and iffue out his warrant, under his hand and feal, for the levying the faid penalty fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any), and where the goods of such offender cannot be found fuf-ficient to anfwer the penalty, to commit such offender to prifon, there to remain for any fpace of time not exceeding fix nor lefs than three calendar months, unlefs such pecuniary penalty fhall be fooner paid and fatisfied ; and if any party fhall find himfelf ^e.r^ons or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of any such juftice, fppeal to the then he or they (hall and may, upon giving fecurity to the amount quarter of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such fefikms. cofts as fhall be awarded in cafe such judgement fhall be affirmed, appeal to thejuftices of the peace at the next general or quarter feffions for the county, riding, divifion, (lure, ftewartry, or place, which (hall happen, after fourteen days next after such conviction fhall have been made, and of which appeal reafonable notice fhall be given, who are hereby empowered to fummon and examine wit-nefTes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and in cafe judgement fhall be affirmed, it fhall be lawful for such justices to award the perfon or perfons appealing to pay such cofts occafioned by such appeal, as to them fhall feem meet.

XXXIV.  And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or per- ^fnefTbffor fons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witnefles to give evidence not appearing before such juftice touching any of the matters relative to this aCt, or not giving and fhall negleCt or refufe to appear at the time and place to be evidence.

for that purpose appointed, without a reafonable excufe for such negleCt or refufal, to be allowed of by such juftice of the peace, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined on oath, and give evidence before whom the profecution fhall be depending, that then every such perfon fhall forfeit for every such offence the fum of forty fhillings, to be levied and paid in such manner as is herein direCted'as to other penalties.  *

XXXV.  And be it further enaCted, That thejuftices of the Conviction to peace before whom any offender fhall be convicted as aforesaid,

fhall caufe the faid conviction to be made out in the manner and fornJt * form following, or in any other form of words to the fame effect, mutatis mutandis; that is fay,

c E it remembered, That, on the  day  of

jO in the year of f ur Lord  in  the  county  of

A. B. of  was  conviCted  before  me C. D. one of his

Majefty’s juftices of the peace for  refiding near the place

where the offence was committed ; for that the faid A\ B. on the day of  now laft paft, did, contrary to the form

of the flatute in that cafe made and provided, [hereJlate the offence again]} the afi] ; and I do declare and adjudge that the faid A. B. hath forfeited the fum of  of  lawful  money  of Great

You XLI.  D  d  Britain,

402 Anno regni mcefimo feptimo GeopvGH III. c. 108. [1796,

Britain^ for the offence aforesaid, to be diftributed as the lav? diredfs. Given under my hand and feal, the day of

Duties to be carried to the confolidated fund.

Convictions to Which convi£lion the faid juftice fhall caufe to be wrote fairly the^count10115 uPon Parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter records!1 and fefli°ns °f the peace for the county, riding, divifion, (hire, flew-not remove- artry, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by able into any the proper officer there, and there to remain, and be kept among court.  the records of the fame county, riding, divifion, (hire, or ftew-

^  artry, or place ; and no luch conviction fhall be removed by

Certiorari or other procefs into any court whatfoever.

XXXVI.  And be it further enaCied, That all monies arifing by the faid feveral duties by this act granted (the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), fhall from time to time be paid by the refpedtive receivers appointed under the refp'eCtive commiffioners of taxes and (lamps, into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

Application of  XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That

for^ten ^eara'  mon*es arifing or to arife of the feveral duties before men-

are ^ith^ tioned, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient, (hall be deemed others granted an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying for the fame the increafed charge occafioned by any loan raifed or (lock created by virtue of any act or aCts palled in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt diflinclly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue ; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid feveral duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

purpofe, to be kept feparate from all other monies.

The SCHEDULE to which this act refers.

I A. B. occupier of the dwelling houfe fituate at

do hereby declare. That the following lift contains the true and full number of clocks, and timekeepers ufed for the purpose of clocks, placed or being within or upon my faid dwelling houfe, or any office or building belonging thereto or occupied therewith ; and the true and full number and defcription of all the Watches, and timekeepers worn or ufed for the purpose of watches, which I now keep and wear, or ufe, or have kept and worn, or ufed, fince the  videlicety

No. of clocks.

No. of gold watches.

No. of fiber or other watches.

And

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 109.  403

.And I do alfo further declare, That the following lift contains , the names of all perfons now dwelling in my faid dwelling houfe, offices, or buildings, who ought to be afleffed to the faid duty, to the beft of my knowledge and belief; and that I have caufed the contents of the notice left at my dwelling houfe to be made known to each of them; and that they have feverally made the declaration fet oppofite their refpe&ive names, which names are of their refpe£tive hand writing; videlicet,

Names.

A.B.

C.D.

No. of clocks.

No. of gold watches.

No. of filver or other watches.

cap. cix.

An aft to amend an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituledy An adt for the encouragement of feamen, and for the better and more effe&ually manning his Majesty’s navy; and for making further provifion for those pur-pofes.—[July 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS his Majefy, by order in council, dated the fif- Preamble.

teenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and Order in ninety-five, mas pleafed to order that general reprifals be granted council of againfi the Jhips, goods, and fubjefts, of the United Provinces, 1795* and fo that as well his Majefy* s fleets and flips, as alfo all other Jhips and veffels that flould be commijfionated by letters of marque, or general reprizals, or otherwife, by his Majefy's commijfloners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, flould and lawfully might feize all Jhips, veffels, and goods, belonging to the United Provinces, or their fubjefts, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the aforefaid United Provinces, and bring the fame to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majefy*s dominions: and whereas his Majefy, by another order in council, of Nov. 9, dated the ninth day of November one thousand seven hundred and recited. ninety-fix, was pleafed to order that general reprizals he granted againfl the Jhips, goods, and fubj efts, of the king of Spain, fo that as well his Majefy* s fleets and Jhips, as alfo all other flips and veffels that flouldbe commijfionated by letters of marque, or general reprizals, or otherwife, by his Majefy*s commijfloners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, flould and might lawfully feize all flips, veffels, and goods, belonging to the king of Spain, or his fubjefts, or others inhabiting within the territories of the king of Spain, and bring the fame to judge?nent in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majefy*s dominions: now, for the encouragement of the officers and feamen of his Majesty’s (hips of war, and the officers and feamen of all other Britifl (hips and veffels having commiflions and letters of marque; and for inducing all Britifl feamen, whomay

d d 2  be

4°4

Annorcgni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1796*

be in any foreign fervice, to return into this kingdom, and become ferviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effedfual fecuring and extending the trade of his Majesty’s fubjedfs; be it enadfed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, Ofticers^and That the flag ofllcers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, Nlajefty’sfleet marines? and foldiers, on board every (hip and veflel of war in to have all his Majesty’s pay, (hall have the foie interefl: and property of and fhips and in all and every (hip, veflel, goods, and merchandizes,1 belonging cargoes be- t0 the United Provinces, or their fubje&s, or others inhabiting Unitecfp^^6 wit^n anY of the territories of the United Provinces, which they vinces or have taken lince the fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or fhall hereafter take during the continuance of hoflilities againft the United Provinces, and alfo fhall have the foie interefl: and property of and in all and every Chip, veflel, goods, and merchandizes, belonging to the king of Spain, or his fubjedts, or others inhabiting within any of the territories ot the king of Spain, which they have taken fince the ninth day or November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or fhall hereafter take during the continuance of hoflilities againft Spain, after the fame refpedtively fhall have been finally future procla- adjudged lawful prize to his Majesty in any of his Majesty’s mation, courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty’s planta-* tions in America, or elfewhere, which fhall be duly authorifed to take cognizance of such captures, to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty hath, by his feveral proclamations of the twenty fifth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the twenty-fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with regard thereto refpedtively, already ordered and diredted, or as his Majesty, his heirs and fuccelTors, fhall think fit to order and diredt, by proclamation or proclamations to be ifTued for those purposes.

If, And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines^ and foldiers, on board every fhip and veflel of war in his Majesty’s pay, being armed, officered, and employed, in his Majesty’s fervice, who have, fince the dates of the above mentioned re-fpedtive orders in council, taken, or who.

Spain, taken fince the dates of the refpec-tive orders in council, divided agreeably to proclamations of Nov.25,1795, and Jan. 25, 1797, or any

and alfo the arms, &c. taken in any fortrefs, or • veflels in any creek, See, belonging thereto.

during the continuance of hoflilities againft the faid United Provinces and Spain refpedtively, fhall take, any fortrefs upon the land, or any arms, ammunition, ftores of war, goods, merchandize, and treafure, belonging to the ftate, or to any publick trading company of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, upon the land, or any fhip or veffiel, or merchandizes laden on board the fame, in any creek, river, haven, or road, belonging to and defended by such fortrefs upon the land, fhall have the foie interefl: and property of and in all and every such arms, ammunition, ftores of war, goods, merchandizes, and treafure, fhips and veflels, and merchandizes laden on board the fame, after the final adjudication

thereof

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 109.  405

thereof as lawful prize to his Majesty, in any of his Majesty’s courts of admiralty, duly authorifed as aforesaid, (which courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other cafes of prize), to be diflribu-ted by his Majesty in such proportions and manner as herein-before is mentioned.

III.  Provided always neverthelefs. That in all conjund expe- ^ier^n^|ie ditions of the navy and army againft any such fortrels upon the

land, diredled by inftrudh'ons from his Majefly, the flag and jointly againft general officers and commanders, and other officers, feamen, a fortrefs, marines, and foldiers, adling in such conjunct expedition, fha 11  of°rizes

have such proportionable interefl and property as his Majefly, to°beas his under his fign manual, fhall think fit to order and diredf, in all Majesty fhall and every the arms, ammunition, flores of war, goods, mer- direct, chandizes, and treafure, belonging to the flate, or tt> any publick trading company of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, which have been or fhall, be found in any such fortrefs, or upon the land, and alfo in all and every fhip and fhip?, vefiel and vef-fels, with their arms, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, and all and every the merchandizes and other effects on board, which fhall be captured in any road, haven, river, or creek, belonging to and defended by such fortrefs, after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Veffrls, Sec. all and every fhip or fhips, vefiel or veflels, arms, ammunition, ^ers^f^na^Vie flores of war, goods and merchandizes whatfoever, with all their to j,e divided furniture, tackle, and apparel, belonging to the United Provinces between the and the king of Spain, or their refpedfive fubjedls, or others inha- owners and biting within any of their refpedtive territories, which have been

taken fince the faid fifteenth day of September one thousand seven agr£e. hundred and ninety-five, and the faid ninth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix refpedtively, or which fhall be taken during the continuance of hoflilities againft Holland and Spain refpedfively, by or with the fhip or vefiel of any private owner or owners according to or under the authority of any com mi (lion or letter of marque, granted or to be granted in pur-fuance of this act by the lord high admiral, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any four or more of them, or any perfon or perfons by him or them empowered and appointed, (being firft finally adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty’s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty’s plantations in America or elfewhere, which (hall be duly authorifed as aforefaid),

{ball wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among, the owner and owners of such private fhip or vefiel, and the feveral perfons who fhall have been on board the fame, and aiding and affifting to the taking thereof, in such fharesand proportions, manner and form, as fhall be agreed on with such owner or owners, his or their agents or fa&ors, as the. proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners and the perfons who fhall be fo entitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among them-felves; and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefi'ors, or

D d 3  any

4-oS Anno regni tricefimo fcptimo Georgii III. c-109. [1796,

any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other pcrfon commif-fioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, other than the owner or owners of such (hip or veffel, being the captor of such prize fhip or veffel, arms, ammunition, (fores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the perfons claiming under such agreements, (hall be entitled to any part or (hare thereof; anv law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.  And whereas, by an aft made and paffed in the thirty-third Regulations of year 0f  reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An a£l for the

c^^ref edt encouragement of feamen, and for the better and more effectually ing veflels,&c. mann*mto his Majesty’s navy, feyeral provifions and regulations belonging to were ejlablifhed for the better carrying on the falutary purposes by the France, to ex- fa'l{ij aft intended in the profectition of hojliliiies againfl France ; be it a^^e^e^t;S enac^e^ by the authority aforesaid, That all the provifions and where hereby regulations contained in the faid recited act relating to the (hips altered. and veffels, ammunition, (tores of war, goods, merchandize, and treafure, belonging to France, or to any fubje£ts, or publick trading company of France, which (hall be taken by the (hips or veffels of war in his Majesty’s pay, or by conjunct expeditions of the navy and army, or relating to the grant of commiflions, or letters of marque, to the owners of private fhips and veffels, the perfons adting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commiflions or letters of marque, and relating to the payment of bounty money for taking, finking, burning, or otherwife deftroying the (hips of war or privateers belonging to the enemy ; and all other claufes, provifoes, reftri&ions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things whatfoever contained in the faid recited a6f, (except fo far as the fame (hall be altered or amended by this prefent a£f), (hall extend, and be deemed, adjudged, and conftrued to extend, and are hereby declared to extend to all and every (hip and veffeJ, arms, ammunition, ftores of war, goods, merchandize, and treafure, belonging to the United Provinces and the king of Spain refpeCfively, or to any of their refpedUve fubjeds or publick trading companies, or to others inhabiting within any of their refpe£live territories, which have been taken ftnee the laid fifteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, 2nd the ninth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix refpetftiveJy, or which, during the continuance of hoftilities againft the faid United Provinces and Spain refpe&ively, (hall be taken by any (hips or veffels of war in his Majesty’s pay, or by conjunct expeditions of the navy and army, and alfo to the grant of commiflions or letters of marque for general reprizals againft the fhips, goods, and iubjedls of the faid United Provinces and king of Spain refpedlively, and to the perfons adling, and the captures made, under the authority of such commiflions or letters of marque; and alfo to the taking, finking, burning, or otherwife deftroying the (hips of war and privateers of the faid United Provinces and king of Spain refpe£fively, and (hall be in force during the continuance of such hoftilities laft above mentioned, as fully, amply, and effe&ually,

to

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c. 109,  407

to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if the faid provifions* regulations, claufes, provifoes, reftri£tions, pains, penalties, for-fetiures, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this a£l.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Pre-emption aforefai'd, That, from and after the patting of this a£t, Pre“ to be^ o^ered emption or refufal of all (hips or veffels of war already taken, or t0 the navy which fhall hereafter be taken, from any of his Majesty’s board, and of enemies, during the prefent hoftilities, with their tackle, furniture, guns> &c» to and ftores, fhall be offered and tendered to the principal officers ^nd if refuted’ and commiflioners of his Majefly’s navy for the time being, for a certificate * and on behalf of his Majefly; and that the pre-emption or refufal to be granied of the guns, arms, and ordnance {lores, found on board such to t^e captors, {hips or veffels, fhall be offered and tendered to the mafler general and principal officers of his Majefly’s ordnance for the time veflel to be being, for and on behalf of his Majefly; and in cafe the faid confidered as principal officers and commiflioners of his Majefly’s navy, and Britifh built, matter general and principal officers of his Majesty’s ordnance tQe^fpJfe refpeClively, (hall think fit to purchafe such {hips or veffels, guns, Gf the guns, arms, and ordnance flores, or any of them, the fame fhall be See. paid for (on proper title being made thereto) by bills or debentures, in the courfe of the navy and ordnance refpeClively, according to such valuation as they the laid principal officers and commiffioners of the navy and matter general and principal officers of the ordnance refpectively, fhall adjudge to be fair and reafonable: but if within fix weeks after such refpe&ive tenders, in cafe such fhip or velfel fhall be -brought into any port of this kingdom, and within a reafonable time after such refpedlive tenders, in cafe such fhip or veiled {hall be carried into any other part of his Majesty’s dominions, the laid principal officers and commiffioners of the navy, and matter general and principal officers of the ordnance refpe£liveiy, fhall refufe to purchafe, contract, or bargain for, such {hips or veffels, guns, arms, and ordnance {lores, or any of them, then, and in such cafe, they the faid principal officers and commiffioners of the navy, and matter general and principal officers of the ordnance or any three or more of them refpedtively, lhall give a  *

certificate of such tender and refufal under their hands, to the captor or captors of such {hip or veffel, guns, arms, and ordnance {lores, or to their agent or agents, which certificate, as to the tender and refufal of such (hip or veffel, {hall be deemed a necel-lary document, (over and befides what is already required by law), to entitle such (hip or veffel to be confidered as a Britifl-bullt {hip or veflel, and fhall be produced to the proper officer of his Majesty’s cufloms, before the captor or captors, or their agents,

{hall obtain such certificate of the regiftry thereof, as is directed, with refpe£t to (hips or veffels condemned as prize, by aa a£t of parliament, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for the further increafe and encouragement of flipping and navigation \ and which certificate, as

D d 4  to

40 8

Recital of 33 Geo. 3. c.

66, refpe<5tin° letters of marque.

Admiralty may grant letters of marqu this adt, for veflels having them under recited actt, upon production of an authentic

Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1796.

to such guns, arms, and ordnance ftores, (hall be deemed a neceffary document to entitle such captors, or their agents, to fell and difpofe thereof to any other perfon or perfons; any thing in the faid recited atff, made in the twenty-fixth and thirty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, or in this prefent a£t, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VII.  And whereas, by the. faid recited aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, it is enabled, That all and every perfon or perfons who fioall apply to the lord high admiral, or commijfioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, in order to obtain any commiffon or letter of marque, Jhall make every such application in writing, and therein fet forth an exaCt dcfcription of the pip or veffel for which such commiffion or letter of marque is requefted, fpecijying the name and burthen of such fhip or veffel, and other particulars therein mentioned ; and that every commander of a private flnp or veffel of war, for which a commiffon or letter of marque Jhall be granted in purfuance of the faid aft, Jhall produce such commiffon or letter of marque to the collector, cuftomer, or fearcher, for the time being, of his Majesty s cujloms, refiling at or belonging to the port from whence such fhip or veffel pall be ftrfi fitted out, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, cuftomer, or fearcher; whichfaid collector , aiftomer, or fearcher, is thereby directed to examinefuch Jhip or veffel: and if thefame Jhall be found to be offuch built and burthen, and to be manned and armed according to the tenor of the defcription inferted in such commiffon or letter of marque, to give a certificate thereof in writing to such commander, which certificate jhall be deemed a neceffary clearance before such pip or veffel pall be permitted to fail from that port; and it is alfo by the faid recited aft provided, that the burthen of such pip or veffel fo to be certified Jhall be afcertained by the certificate of regijlry granted for such pip or veffel under and purfuani to the directions of the before-mentioned aft, made in the twenty fix th year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, which certificate pall be produced to the faid lord high admiral, or commijfioners for executing the faid office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, before the iffuing of any commiffion or letter of marque for such pip or veffel: and whereas it may be expedient in certain caf es to difpenfe with the production to the lord high admiral, or commijfioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, of the original certificate oj'regijlry granted under the before-mentioned aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, previous to the iffuing of a commiffon or letter of marque under the provfions of this aft; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if it (hall appear to the fatisfac-faction of the lord high admiral, or the commiftioners for execute

c under *ng r^e °^ce of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, on the application of any perfon or perfons for a com-miflion or letter of marque to be granted for any (hip or veffel in purfuance of this a£f, that a commiffion or letter of marque hath been already granted for such (hip or veffel in purfuance of the faid former adl made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and that such (hip or veffel hath cleared out of

port

1 

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 109.  409

port conformably to the above recited provifions contained in the copyof faid former aft, and that no opportunity hath fince occurred certificates during the time such fhip or veflel being in any port of this king-dom, for the owners of such fhip or veflel, or their agents, to obtain a commiffion or letter of marque for such {hip or veflel in purfuance of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing the faid office of lord high Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, to order commiffion or letter of marque to be iffued under the provifions of this aft, for any such fhip or veflel, upon the production to them of an authentick copy of the before-mentioned certificate of regiftry under the hand of the colieftor, comptroller, or other proper officer of the cuffbms, and that no commander of any fhip or veflel, for which such commifflon or letter of marque (hall have been lo ifliied as laft-mentioned, fliall, by reafon of his departure with Ins fhip or veflel from his port of clearance before such commiffion or letter of marque hath been obtained be fubjeft or liable to any penalty or puniihinent what-foever, nor (ball such commiffion or letter of marque by reafon thereof be rendered null and void ; any thing in the faid former aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, or in this aft, contained to the contrary thereof in any-wile notwithftanding.

VIIL And whereas the commanders of /hips and veffels, having commiffions or Utters of marque are directed and enjoined by their comm 'ijftons, and the printed inftruChons accompanying the fame, to tranjmit accounts of their proceedings, and the captures by them made, and of other particulars therein mentioned., front time to lime, to the commiffioners for executing the effee of lord high admiral of Great Britain fur the time beings or their fecret ary, and to keep a corrcfpon-$ deuce with them by all opportunities that fall prefent: and whereas such directions and injunctions have been very much, if not totally, difregarded on the part of commanders of fhips and veffels having com-mijjions and letters of marque % for remedy whereof, he it enafted bv ^anch^of the authority aforesaid, That the captain, mafter, commander, or CVery veflel commanding officer for the time being, of every fhip or veflel of marque to having a commiffion or letter of marque for reprizals againfl any keepa journal, of his Majeffy’s enemies during the prefent hoftilities, fhall, during eveiy voyage or cruize to be taken by such fhip or veflel ticuhrV^and after the palling of this aft, keep a regular journal, con- on his arrival taining a true and exaft account of his daily tranfaftions and at any port, proceedings with such fhip or veflel, and the crew thereof, the ports or places he fhall put into, or caff anchor at, the time of his chjef flay there, and the caufe thereof, the prizes he ("hall take, the officer of nature and probable value of such prizes, the times and places the cufloms, when and where taken, and how and in what manner he fliall difpofe ot the fame, the fhips or veffels he (hall fall in with, the muftered &c. times and places when and where he fhall meet with them, and and tranfmit his obfervations and remarks thereon -y alfo of whatever elfe fhall the par-occur to him, or any of his officers or mariners, or to be dif- t^ulars, with covered or found out by examination or conference with any tolheadl* *

mariners rniralty.

410 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1796.-

mariners or paffengers of or in any other fhips or veffels, or by any other ways or means, whatfoever touching or concerning the fleets, veffels, and forces of the enemy, their ports and places of ilation and deftination, ftrength, numbers, intents, and defigns; and such captain, matter, commander, or commanding olficer for the time being, fhall immediately on his arrival in any port of this kingdom, or of any other his Majesty’s dominions, from or during the continuance of any voyage or cruize undertaken after the patting of this a£l, produce his commiflion for such fhip or veffel, and deliver up such journal fo kept as aforesaid, figned with his proper name and hand writing, to the collector, ^comptroller, or other chief officers of the cuftoms, at or neared: to such port, the truth of which journal (hall be verified by the oath of such captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer for the time being, before such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer; (which oath the faid collector, comptroller, or other chief officer, is hereby authorifed and required to admini.fter); and such collector, comptroller, or other chief officer, (hall immediately, on the faid arrival of such fhip or veffel, order the tide furveyor, or other water guard officer, to goon board such fhip or veffel,and mufter and take an account of her officers and men, and alfo of the number and nature of the guns, and whatever elfe fhall occur to him, on such examination material to be known, by the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being; the particulars of all which, such colledior, comptroller, or other chief officer, fhall forthwith tranfmit to the faid commiffioners, or their fecretary for the time Ko letter of being, together with such journal fo as aforefaid delivered up for leave the%ort t^',e information of the faid commiffioners j and that no fhip or till the jour- veffel, having such commiflion or letter of marque, (hall be per-nal (hall have mitted to fail out of port again after such her arrival until such been deliver- journaj (ball have been delivered up as aforesaid, and until such certificate captain, mailer, commander, or commanding officer, fhall have obtained that obtained a certificate under the hand of such colledtor, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, that such fhip or veflel is manned and armed according to the tenor and deferip-tion inferibed in such commiflion or letter of marque as aforesaid, which certificate such collebior, comptroller, or other officer of the cuftoms, is hereby authorifed and required to give gratis, in cafe such (hip or veflel fhall be found to be manned and armed conformably to such defeription as above mentioned, and on the delivery of which certificate the former certificate of the like nature vvhkh fhall have been granted in reflect of such fhip or veffel, (hall be given up to the laid collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms; and if any collector, compr troller, or other officer of the cuftoms, (hall wilfully and knowingly grant any falfe or fraudulent certificate for any such fhip or veffel, he fhall, for such offence, forfeit his faid office, and be for ever incapable of holding any office under government, and fhall alfo forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full colls of luit, by any perfon or perform who will fue for the

fame

it is manned and armed agreeably to the com-niiffion.

Officers giving falfe certificates, to forfeit their office, and look

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 109.  411

fame by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majettv’s courts of record, in which no eflfoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed ; and one moiety of the faid penalty of one hundred pounds, when Application recovered, (hall be paid to the informer or informers, and the of the for-"other moiety to the treafurer for the time being of the corpo- fcituie* ration for the fupport of the fick, maimed, and difabled Teamen, and of the widows and children of such as fhall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the fervice of the merchants, for the ufe of such corporation, or where such forfeiture fhall be incurred in any of the out ports in which a corporation is ettablifhed for the purposes aforesaid, then one moiety of such penalty fhall be paid to the truttces for the ufe of the corporation fo to be ettablifhed.

IX. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That Rules to be in cafe any such thip or vefTel fo having a commiffion or letter of obferved by marque, fhall, in the courfe of her voyage or cruize meet or fall ^ters^of5 in with any of his Majetty’s fhips or veflels of war, or fhips or marque on vefTels in the fervice^)t his Majesty’s revenue of cuftoms or excife, meeting fhips the captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer of such °f war or ot fhip or veilel having such commiffion or letter of marque fhallt eievenue* and is hereby required to produce to the captain or other officer commanding such fhip or vefTel of war, or revenue (hip or vefTel, the faid journal, fo to be kept as aforesaid, and alfo his commiffion for such fhip or vefTel, and the certificate given by the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at the port from whence fhe fhall have laffc failed, of her being manned and armed agreeably to the defcription above mentioned; and such Captains of captain or officer commanding such fhip or vettel of war, or the King's revenue fhip or vefTel, fhall and is hereby required to make a j^.^Sat0 memorandum in such journal of fhe day on which it was fo pro- memorandum duced to him, and-fhall fubfcribe his name to such memorandum; of produ&ion and in cafe such (hip or vefTel, on board which such journal is of journals required to be kept as aforefaid fhall put into a foreign Port where there is a Britijh conful, or other chief Britijh officer, the Britilh con-captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer of such fuls at foreign fhip or vettel fo having a commiffion or letter of fnarque, fhall ports, and is hereby required to produce such journal, and alfo his commiffion, and the certificate above mentioned, to such Britijh conful or other chief Britijh officer, who fhall and is hereby required alfo to make a memorandum in such journal of the day on which it was fo produced to him, and fhall, in like manner, fubferibethe fame; and such captain or officer commanding such Such captains (hip or vefTel of war, or revenue fhip or vettel, and such Brit if])  a***

conful, or other chief BritiJJ) officer at such foreign port refpec- forejgn ports> tively,b lhall and may, by themfelves, or any perfon or perfons to mutter the authorifed or deputed by them,, go on board such fhip or vettel crew, &c. of fo having a commiffion or letter of marque, and mutter thelettsrc5 ot officers and crew thereof, and examine the guns, arms, and maiciuc’ ammunition, on board the fame, and if the fame fhall not correfpond with the commiffion and certificate above mentioned

refpe&ively,

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgit 111. c. 109. [1796.

Penalty on captains for not keeping a jon rnal, making falfe entries, or falfe oath, or not obferving any of the foregoing rules.

refpe&ivelv, such captain or officer, or Britijh conful, or other chief Britijh officer, (hall forthwith (o communnicate the fame to the fecretary for the time being to the faid commiffioners ( for executing the office of lord high admiral of Gnat Britain, for the information of the faid commiffioners.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer of any such fhip or veflel fo having acommiffion or letter of marque as aforesaid, dial) negledt or omit to keep such journal in manner aforesaid, or (hall wilfully make, or caule or procure to be made, any falfe or fraudulent entries therein, or wilfully neglect to make, or fubdudt, expunge, obliterate, or erale when made, any material tranfadtion or occurrence relative to the proceedings of such fhip or veflel wherein his Majesty’s interefl is in any manner concerned, or ffiall refufe to produce to the captain or other officer commanding any fhip or veflel of war, or revenue fhip or veflel, which he (hall meet or fall in with in the courfe of his voyage or cruize, or to the Britijh conful or chief Britijh officer at such foreign port, such journal fo to be kept as aforesaid, or the com million for such fhip or veflel, or the certificate of the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftomsat the port from whence he fhall have laft (ailed as aforesaid, or ihall jefufe to permit such captain or officer commanding such fhip or veflel of war, or revenue fhip or veflel, or such Britijh conful, cr chief Britijh officer at luch foreign port, or the perfon or perfons by them refpedtively authorifed for that purpose, to come on board such fhip or veflel for the purpose of muttering her officers and crew, and examining her guns, arms, and ammunition, or fhall, after his arrival in any port as aforesaid, fail out again without having delivered, upon oath, such journal fo kept and flgned as aforesaid, and without having produced his com-miffion for such (hip or veflel, and obtained such certificate from the collector, comptroller,or chief officer of the cuttoms, as before mentioned, and alfo delivered up to him the certificate which, fhall have been before granted in reipedt of such fhip or veflel ; then, and in either of the faid cafes, the ooinmiffion or com-mi{lions, and letter or letters of marque, granted for such fhip or veflel, fhall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and such captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer, fhall forfeit, for every such offence, the fum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, and the other moiety, together with full cofts of fuit, to the ufe of such perfon as fhall difeover and fue for the fame, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majetty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed; and moreover, in cafe any captain, matter, commander, or commanding officer, fhall take a falfe oath on delivering up such journal as aforesaid, he fhall, on convidtion thereof, incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflicted upon perfons committing wilful and corrupt perils

1796.] Annoregni tficefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 109.  413

jury* and in cafe any of the offences above mentioned (hall be -committed out of this realm, the fame may be alledged to have been commited, and may be laid, inquired of, tried, and determined, in any county in England, in the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been actually done or committed within the body of such county.

XI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaia, That Penalty on if the captain, mailer, adling owner, or other perfon having the of^^hanta command of any merchant fhip under convoy, (hall wilfully unj€r dlfobey fignalsor inftructions, or any other lawful commands of convoy for the commander of the convoy, or (hall defert the convoy without riot obeying notice given, and leave obtained for that purpose, he (hail be ^Snals» 1 liable to be articled againfb in the court of instance in the high

court of admiralty, at the fuit of the King in his office of admiralty, for difobedience to the orders of the convoy, and, upon convi&ion thereof, (ball be fined, at the difcretion of the faid court, in any fum not exceeding five hundred pounds, and (hall fuffer such imprifonment, not exceeding, one year, as the laid court (hall adjudge.

XII.  And whereas hy an aft, made and paffied in the nineteenth Qe0 -year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a£t for the c>67. ' 0<\ encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effe&ual manning his Majesty’s navy, it is enafted, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers on board

every floip and vejjel of war in his Majeflys pay, Jhould have the foie tnterefl and property of and in all and every Jhip, veffiel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken flnce the twenty-ninth day of July one thousand seven hundred and feventy-eight, or Jhould thereafter take, during the continuance of hoflilities againfl France, [being fir [I finally adjudged lawful prize), to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner as in his Majefly's proclamation therein mentioned was dire ft ed, or as his Majefly, his heirs and fucceJJ'ors,Jhould dir eft by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be iffiued; and it is by the faid aft direfted, that after the fate or fales of any prize or prizes taken by any of his Majefly s Jhips of ivar, publick notification Jhould be given by the agents appointed for the receipt and diflribution of prize and bounty money as therein mentioned, for the payment of the feveral jhares to the captors, in the manner therein particularly fet forth \ after • which notification, if any man's JhareJhould remain in the hands of the agents appointed as afore!aid, either belonging to f uch men as jhould be run fro?n his Majefly sjervice, or which Jhould not be demanded within three years, then-Juch Jhare or Jhares fo remaining in the agents hands, or belonging to such men as Jhould run from his Majefly's fervice,

Jhould go and be paid to the ujc ^/'Greenwich Hofpital: and whereas by an aft, pa/Jed in the twentieth year of the reign, of his prefent Majefly, intituled., An act to amend an act, made in the laid feffion ao ^eo- 3* of parliament, intituled, 4 An adi for the encouragement of0*23' feamen, and the more fpeedy and effectualmanning hisMajeiiy’s navy, and for making further provifions for those purposesand by another aft, made in the twenty ■flrfl year of the reign of his faid prefent Majejly, intituled. An a<51 for the encouragement of feamen, ar Geo. 3.

and c* I5? anc^

4*4

3SGeo. 3. c. i2i} recited.

Annoregni tricefimofeptimo Georgii 111. c. 109. [1796.

and the more fpeedy and effeftual manning his Majesty’s navy, it was enabled, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers* Jeamen, marines, and foldiers, on board every Jhip or veffiel of war in his Majefly s pay, Jhould have the foie inter eft and property of and in all and every Jhip, veffiel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken fince the refpeftive days in the faid afts refpeftively mentioned, or Jhoidd thereafter take during the continuance of hoftilities againft Spain and the United Provinces refpeftively, (being adjudged latvful prize)y to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majefly had by hisfever al proclamations in the faid afts refpeftively mentioned, directed, or as his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffiors, Jhould think f t to order and direft by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be iffiuedfor thoft pwpofes; and whereas by another at7, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An a61 to explain and amend an aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, c An aft to amend an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, c‘ An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effeftual manning his Majesty’s navy, and for making further provi-fions for those purposesand alfo an aft, made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, c An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpeedy and effeftual manning his Majesty’s navy and for the better encouragement of feamen for his Majesty’s navy; after reciting the fir ft-mentioned aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, and that by the two lafl mentioned afts of the twentieth and twenty-firfl years of the reign of his faid Majefly, certain provifions were made for the diflribution and payment of prize and bounty money to arifefrom Spanifh and Dutch Jhips andveffiels to be captured by such flips and veffiels as Jhould be commifftoned by letters of marque; but that no fufficient provifions or regulations were containeddn the two lafl mentioned afts refpefting such Spanifh and Dutch Jhips and veffiels as Jhoidd be captured by his Majeflys Jhips and veffiels of war; it was therefore en a ft eel. That all the provifions and regulations in the faid two lafl mentioned afts Jhould extend to all such Spanilh and Dutch prizes as were made by any of his Majefly s Jhips and veffiels of war during the hoftilities therein mentioned, and that no lapfe of time Jhould incur or be pleadable in bar of the demands which might thereafter be made by the commiffioners and governors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, under and bv virtue of the faid afts as thereby amended\ but from the paffing of that aft: and whereas, during the continuance of the hoftilities mentioned in the three feveral firft above recited afts, divers flaps and veffiels, goods, merchandizes, treafure, and effiefts, of great value, were captured by the conjoint operation of his Majesty's fea and land forces, and after final condemnation as prize, the proceeds thereof zvere paid to the agents for the captors, to be diftributed in Juch proportions as were eftablijhed in the navy for the diflribution of prizes, or as his Majefly tJhould think proper to dir eft: and ivhercas doubts have arifen whether the flares belonging to such men as Jhould be run from his Majefly3s fea fa vice, or which ftoould

not

4*5

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgit III. c. 109

not be demanded within three years of and in such proportions of the

proceeds laft mentioned as were allotted to the fea forces employed in

drjfereyit captures, Jhould go and he paid to the ufe of Greenwich

Hofpital, in the fame manner as the like Jharcs of the proceeds of

prizes taken by his Majejlys fea forces alone are by the faid firfl

recited aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent

Majejly, and by the faid two fuhfequent afts of the twentieth and

twenty-firfl years of his faid Majejly s reign, as amended by the faid

lajl recited aft, made in the thirty-fifth year of his faid Majejly s

reign, direfted to be paid: to obviate which doubt?, be it enacted

by the authority aforesaid, That the (hares belonging to such Shares of

men as (hall be run from his Majesty’s fea fervice of and in all  the”

fuch parts and proportions of the proceeds of the (hips, vef- hoftilities,

fels, treafure, goods, wares, merchandizes, and effects, taken mentioned in

during the hofbilities mentioned in the faid three firft above the three fidt w  ^  ^  recited ciCrs

recited adls, by the conjoint operation of his Majesty’s fea and j0int]y by the

land forces, as (hall have been decreed, granted, or allotted, to Yea and land

his Majesty’s fea forces, employed in making capture thereof, forces, be-

and alfo all such fhares of and in the faid parts and proportionslaUors^vho

of the faid proceeds as have not been, or fhall not be, demanded have run an(j

within three years from the times of the refpedfive notification fhares not

of diftribution thereof, (hall go and be paid to the treafurer of demanded

the faidhofpital at Greenwich, for the ufe of the faid hofpital ; and within three l  *  l  *  vc<-ifc* from

that all and fingular the provifions land regulations, claufes, notification

provifoes, reftriclions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and of diftribu-things whatsoever, contained in the faid recited a61 of the nine- tion, to be teenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, relating to the y^0f0Qreen notification of payment and diftribution of the proceeds of prizes wjch hofpitab taken by his Majesty’s fhips of war, and to the making up the &c. accounts thereof, and alfo to the payment of the (hares of run men and unclaimed (hares of such proceeds to and to the ufe of the faid hofpital at Greenwich, (hall extend, and be deemed and conftrued to extend, to all such parts and proportions of the proceeds of prizes taken during the hoftilities laft above mentioned by the conjoint operation of his Majesty’s fea and land forces, as (hall have been fo decreed, granted, or allotted, to his Majesty’s fea forces, as aforefaid ; any thing in the faid recited a6fs, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any^ wife notwithftanding.

XIII.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid,

That ifanyadlion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft Limitation

any perfon or perfons for any matter or thing by him or them 0 ac lons"

done or executed by virtue of or in purfuance of this a£f, luch

adbon or fuit (hall be commenced within two years next after

the matter or thing done, and the defendant or defendants in

fuch action or fuit (ball and may plead the general iftue, and General HTue.

give this a61 and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be

had thereon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by

authority of this a&; and if afterwards a verdift fhall pafs for

the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall

become nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their action or profecu-

tion.

416 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. no. [1796.

tion, or judgement fhall be given againft him or them upon demurrer or otherwife, then such defendant or defendants fhall Treble cofts. have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Continuance XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, of ad.  That this a£l fhall continue in force during the prefent hoftilities

with France, the United Provinces, and Spain refpe&ively, (as far as the matters and things herein contained relate to or concern the faid hoftilities refpecftively), and no longer; fave and except all such matters and things as fhall be depending in judgement in the high court of admiralty, or other courts of admiralty in his Majesty^s dominions abroad, or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great Britain, or the plantations, in con-fequence of the capture or captures made during the prefent hoftilities, or of any offence committed contrary to this ad, in refped whereof this ad fhall continue in full force until such matters, and every thing dependent thereupon, fhall be finally adjudged and determined.

CAP. CX.

An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties of citjloms on certain goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried coaflwife; and on pepper to- be ufed and confumed in this kingdom.—[July 19, 1797.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.  your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjecls, the

VV commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceflary lupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the feveral additional duties of cuftoms herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and'be it enacled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this prefent From July i8j parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That,

17?7> an ad- fr0m and after the eighteenth day of July one thousand seven ^lunc^recl and ninety-seven, there fhall be raifed, levied, colleded, every'lb. of and pa:d, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-werehoufed ceffors, over and above the duties payable by law, the following pepper deli- additional duties of cuftoms, in ready money, without any dif-home con- count or abatement whatever; that is to lay, For every pound fumption. weight of pepper which lhail have been, or fhall be, lodged or fecured in any warehouse in this kingdom, under his Majesty’s locks, an additional duty of three-pence ; ana fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity: which faid duty fhall be paid to the proper officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, before any such pepper fhall be delivered out of or from any such warehoufe, in order to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom.

II. And

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. no. 417

II.  And be it further ena6led, That there fhall be raifed. An additional levied, colledled, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, ^rcent^tobe his heirs and fucceffors, an additional duty of cuftoms, at and paid^pon^he after the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the produce and amount of amount of all the feveral duties of cuftoms payable by law, for the duties of and upon any goods, wares, and merchandize, which fhall be

imported into, exported from, or brought or carried coaftwife imposed,0 within Great Britain^ except as herein-after is excepted: pro-exported, or vided always, That the faid duty of five pounds per centum, carried coaft-herein-before granted, (ball not be charged or paid for or on Wlfe* # account of any prize goods which fhall be warehoufed in this Pnze kingdom, by virtue of any a6t or a6fs of parliament made for houfeVThe* granting relief to the captors of prizes, with refpedt to the additional bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom, unlefs and duty not to until such goods fhall be taken out of, or delivered from, such delwo^out warehoufes, to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom; in which for home con. cafe, and before any prize goods now warehoufed, or hereafter fumption. to be warehoufed, fhall be fo taken out of, or delivered from, such warehoufes, the duty of five pounds per centum on the produce and amount of the refpedlive duties of cuftoms, payable by law on any such goods fo taken out of, or delivered from, such warehoufes, fhall be firft paid to the proper officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms: provided alfo, That the faid duty of five Additional pounds per centum herein-before granted, fhall not be charged or char^edVn C paid on the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms payable, tea> &c# im_ on the importation into Great Britain of any tea, fugar, wine, ported, nor on tobacco, ordinary oil of olives, or callicoes, nor on the produce the additional and amount of the additional duties of cuftoms of five pounds and of ten pounds per centum granted by an a61, parted in this ancj I0i p<lr prefent feffion of parliament, (amongft other things), for granting cent, granted to his Majesty certain duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, and tIlis fefiipn. merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought or carried coaftwife within Great Britain.

III.  And be it further enabled, That the additional duties ^^on^e

refpedlively impofed by this a6f upon pepper to be ufed in this per fubjedl^to kingdom, fhall be alfo fubje6t and liable to an additional duty of the additional five pounds per centum thereon, in the fame manner and under duty ofjl. the fame regulations as the faid duty was impofed by the a61 of ^f0^n ranted parliament parted in this prefent feffion before-mentioned, and this fcf^on (hall alfo be fubjeeft and liable to the additional duty of five and to the 5I. pounds per centum granted by this prefent acf.  per cent.

IV. And be it furtherenadled. That such of the duties of cuftoms by this a61 granted as fhall arife in that part of Great  *

Britain called England, fhall be under the management of the un^enhe ^ commirtioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being; management and such thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called of the com* Scotland, fhall be under the management of the commiffioners of uruffi oners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.  England and

V.  And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral duties of Scotland Cuftoms granted by this a£t (hall and may be refpedively ma- refpe&ively. naged, afeertained, raifed, levied, colle&ed, anfwered, paid, and Duties to be

Vol. XLI,  E  e  recovered  managed as

418 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. no. [1796. the duties  recovered, in such and the like manner,  and in and by any and

like°oodTb  elt^er  waYs> means, or methods  by which the duties of

3.  ^ cuftoms impofed On the like goods by an act, palled in the c. 13. and twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, (amongft the atts in  other things), for repealing the feveral  duties of cuftoms and

a\his  exc^e? and granting other duties in  lieu thereof, were or

aft to extend  be  managed, ascertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered,

thereto, paid, and recovered ; and the faid goods,'wares, or merchandize, fo by this a<£l refpedlively made chargeable with duties of cuftoms, fhall be and the fame are hereby made fubjecl and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftricftions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize were fubjedt and liable, by any aor a£ls of parliament in force on and immediately before the pafting of this aCt; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any acl or acfts of parliament in force on and immediately before the paifing of this a£l, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and di-regions therein contained, fhall, and are hereby diredled and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpedlively applied, pradlifed, and put in execution, for and in refpedl of the feveral duties of cuftoms hereby refpedtively charged, (as far as the fame are applicable thereto), in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the faid a<fts, claufes, provifions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-ena£ted in the body of this prefent a<3.

carried to the  And be i-t further enacted, That all the monies from

consolidated6 time to time ar^ing by the feveral new and additional duties by fund.  this a£t impofed as afore faid, (the neceffary charges of raifing

and accounting for the fame refpedtively excepted), fhall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejlminfier; and the faid money, fo paid in as aforesaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

Application VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the whfch^fOr io mon^es to ar'^e as af°refaid, or fo much thereof as fhall be fuf-years/are, ficient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the with others purpose of defraying the encreafed charge occafioned by any loan granted for raifed or ftock created by virtue of any aCl or adts palled in this the^fame^pur- feq~lon 0f parliament* and that the faid monies, during the fpace keptVeparate °f ten years next enfuing, fhall continue to be paid into the faid from all other receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, diftindtly and apart from all monies.  other branches of the publick revenue; and that there fhall be

provided and kept in the office’of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties and paid into the faid receipt by virtue of this atft fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other duties granted, or to be granted, in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered, Separate and apart from all other

monies

• ;d by 

1796*] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii FJLc. iii. 419

monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CXI.

An a£l for granting to bis Majesty an additionalflamp duty on deeds»

—[July 19 j 1797.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, to-  ,

wards railing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s

publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the pub-

lick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and

grant unto your Majesty the duty herein-after mentioned; and do

mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and

be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with

the advice and confent of the lords fpfritual and temporal, and

commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the

authority of the fame, That there (hall be raifed, levied, col- For every

leded, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, upon  e

every deed which dial 1 be made after the firft day of Auguji one  If

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, an additional ftamp additional

duty of ten (hillings, which duty (hall be paid over and above all duty of 10s.

duties now payable on the damped vellum and paper, whereon to Pa*d*

fuch deed (hall be engroffed, written, or printed.

II.  Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained (hall A£t not to

be <;onftrued to extend to charge any bond or letter of attorney fxte^d to . 7 ,  ,  ,  ,  r 1 G * iii  .  bonds or

with the duty hereby impofed ; nor any deed whatever, executed letters of

by any party, or anyone or more of the parties thereto, and bear- attorney, &c.

ing date before the firft day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-feven.

III.  Provided alfo, and be it .further enaded, That nothing in N?r to cer-this ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend to any indenture of apprenticeftiip, where a fum or value not exceeding ten pounds premicefhip, (hall be given or contraded with or in relation to the apprentice; or leafes. nor to any leale of lands or tenements, for a term not exceeding twenty-one years, the full improved annual value whereof, and rent referved thereby, fhall not be more than ten pounds ; nor to any leafe for lives, or for years determinable on lives, where the fine or confideration (hall not exceed twenty pounds, and the rent referved (hall not exceed forty (hillings; any thing before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  And be it further enaded, That, for the better and more Duty to be effedual levying, collecting, and paying, the faid duty herein- under the before granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management, of the commifli oners for the time being ap- nntfioners 0f pointed to manage the duties charged on (tamped vellum, parch- itamps. rnent, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the neceflary officers, under them for that purpose, and to allow such* falaries and incidental

E e 2  charges

Perfon s forging, See. flumps, to fuffer death.

420 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 111. [ 1796,

charges as fhall be neceffary; and whenever they fee occafion, to ufe such (lamps as fhall have been provided to denote any former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to caufe such new marks or (lamps to be provided to denote the laid duty as fhall be requifite in that behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter, the fame from time to time as there fhall be occafion, and do all other things neceffary to be done for putting this a£l in execution with relation to the duty herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are autborifed to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper. |

V.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon (hall counterfeit or forge, or caufe and procure to be counterfeited or forged, any (lamp or mark, directed or allowed to be ufed by this a£l, for the purpose of denoting the duty by this acl granted, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreftion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of the faid duty, or fhall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with such counterfeit mark or (lamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any perfon fhall fraudulently ufe any (lamp or mark directed or allowed to be ufed by this a£l, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of the faid duty ; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convidled, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VI.  And be it further enabled, That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, and all other matters and things preferibed or appointed by any former aeft or adls of parliament relating to the

• (lamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (except such aftermention- a$s as are herein-after mentioned), (hall be in full force and to this a<fttend effe<^  relation  to  the  duty hereby impofed, and (hall be

applied and put in execution, for the raffing, levying, colleiling, and fecuring, the faid new duty hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this adl, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame (except as herein-after mentioned) had feverally and refpedlively been hereby enadled, with relation to the faid duty hereby impofed.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That no deed (hall be pleaded or given in evidence, or be good, ufeful, or available, in any manner whatever, unlefs the fame (hall be (lamped as required by this adl.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That, upon payment within the time and in the manner herein-after mentioned of the duty hereby impofed, it (hall be lawful for the faid commilfioners, or

may be ftampt their officers appointed for such purpose, to (lamp any vellum, with the ad- parchment, or paper, or any (kin, (heer, or piece thereof, on ditional  which any such deed or any part thereof (hall have been engroffed,

amPi c* printed, or written, with the additional (lamp provided or diredled to be ufed by virtue of this a£l; and alfo, on payment of the like duty, to (lamp any vellum, parchment, or paper, on which any deed, or any part thereof, fhall be intended to be engrofled,

printed,

Powers of former a<5ts relating to ftamps, (ex cept as herein

No deed good, unlefs properly lfamped.

On payment of duty within a limited time, deeds

421

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimoGeorgii III. c. iit.

printed, or written, with the faid additional flamp ; and no perfon (hall, from and after the palling of this aft, be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for {lamping or caufing to be {lamped with such additional {lamp as aforesaid, any vellum, parchment, or paper, on which any such deed hath been engroffed, printed, or written, or for engroffing, printing, or writing, any deed upon vellum, parchment, or paper, before the fame (hall be {lamped with the additional {lamp to be provided according to the direftions of this a<51; nor {ball any deed be fubjeft or liable, Deeds not by virtue of this aft, to the payment of any greater duty than j^bjetf to be the fum before mentioned, or to be llamped on more than one morePthanone {kin, fheet, or piece thereof, with the faid additional ftamp, or fkin with the to be {lamped with more than one such {lamp as aforefaid; nor additional {hall the duty by this aft impofed be liable to the regulations of  &c*

any aft or afts of the prefent feffion of parliament, refpefting the ftamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, according to the number of common law {beets engroffed, printed, or written thereon ; any thing in 2ny aft or afts of parliament contained to the contrary thereofnotwithflanding.

IX.  And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for any Vellum, See. perfon or perfons to bring or fend any vellum, parchment, or ,1 to paper, on which any deed or any part thereof is intended to be the head engroffed, printed, or written, to the head office of {lamps, or office to be officer to be appointed by the faid commiflioners, to be {lamped flampt with with the additional {lamp as aforesaid, before the fame fhall be fo engroffed, printed, or written; or to bring or fend as aforefaid engroffed, any deed which fhall have been engroffed, printed, or written, &c. and

on vellum, parchment, or paper, (lamped according to the laws deeds on in force for {lamping vellum, parchment, or paper, to be {lamped Ja^D°s1^ on any fkin, fheet, or piece thereof, with the faid additional be brought {lamp, within the fpace of fixty days after the date thereof, and within a the faid commiffioners, or their officers, are hereby refpeftively limited time required, on payment of the duty hereby impofed, to caufe such vellum, parchment, or paper, or such deed, fo brought or fent * within the time aforesaid, to be ftamped according to the direftions of this aft, which (lamp (hall be a fufficient difeharge for the duty hereby granted on such deed.  %

X.  And be it further enafted, That all vellum, parchment. Vellum, &c. or paper, which {hall be to be {lamped with the faid additional the head* * {lamp, before any deed or any part thereof fhall be engroffed, office to be written, or printed thereon, fhall be brought for such purpose, ftampt with and the duty for the fame fhall be paid at the faid head office; the additional and in cafe any deed fhall, within fixty days after the date deeds*may thereof, be brought to the faid head office to be ftamped as within 60 aforesaid, then the fame fhall forthwith, on payment of the faid days after the duty, be ftamped with the faid additional (lamp; and in cafe ^ate bethere any deed (hall, within the time aforesaid, be brought, and the i*\he^utyfbe duty for the fame be paid at any other office, to be appointed by paid at any the faid commiflioners, the officer at such office is hereby re- other office, quired to indorfe on such deed a receipt for the duty fo paid, in the officer to words at length, bearing date on the day on which such payment ceipt oAhe"

*e3  *  '  fhall  deed,&c.

fhall be made, and to fubfcribe his name thereto, and enter an account thereof, in a book or books to be provided for that purpose, and forthwith to deliver back the faid deed to the bringer

If the duty be not paid within 60 days, the deed may be flampt on payment of the duty and iol. penalty.

Duty to be carried to the con foli dated fund.

Appropriation of the duty, which for 10 years fhall, with other duties granted for the fame purpose, be kept feparate from other monies.

thereof; and every such deed, on being brought to the faid head office, fhall be forthwith damped with the faid additional ftamp, by the officer to be appointed for that purpose : provided always. That if the duty for any such deed fhall not be paid within the faid period of fixty days before mentioned, it fhall neverthelefs be lawful to bring- or fend such deed to the faid head office to be (lamped as aforesaid, at any time after the expiration of the faid fixty days from the date thereof, and it fhall be lawful to damp any such deed fo brought or fent after the expiration of the faid fixty days, on payment of the duty hereby impofed, and the further fum of ten pounds by way of penalty, for omitting to pay the faid duty within the period before mentioned.

XI.  And be it further enabled, That all monies arifing by the faid duty hereby impofed, (the neceflary charges of raifng and accounting for the fame excepted, fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and fhall be carried to, and made part of, the confolidated fund.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the monies arifing or to arife of the faid duty by this a6t impofed, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpo'e of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan raifed or flock created by virtue of any a cl or* abls paffed in this feflion of parliament, and that the faid monies fhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt, dillinblly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue ; and that there fhall be kept and provided in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid duty and paid into the faid receipt

fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforelaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies, paid or payable to his Majefly, .his heirs or lucceffors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CXII.

An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors. [July 19, 1797.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which adds of injolvency produce to trade and credit, it may be convenient, in the prefent condition of the prijons and gaols in this kingdom, that fome of the prifoners vjho are now confined therein Jhould befet at liberty ; be it therefore enabled by the King's moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this abt, all and every keeper or gaoler

[Gaolers to make out lifts ot prifoners]

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c.  423

of any prifon, in any county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, who* °n Jan. <>r liberty, within this kingdom, Shall, is, and are hereby re-quired to make a true, exa£t, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of ^ t(me Qf the name or names of all and every perfon or perfons, who, upon making them the firft: day of "January one thousand fevefi hundred and ninety- out, were in feven, was or were, or at any time lince have been, under the  ^or

terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such lift (hall be, really an adlual prifoner or prisoners, in the cuftody of any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any prifon refpeLively, upon any procefs whatfoever, for or by reafon of any debt, damage, cofts, fum or fums of money, or contempt for non-payment of money; and an account of the time when such prifoner or prifoners was or were refpedfively charged in cuftody, or received in prifon, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at whose fuit or profecution such prifoner or prifoners is or are detained; and (hall deliver bids to be de-the fame to the juftices of the peace, at their firft or fecond  to tlic

general quarter feflion, or general feflion of the peace, to be held ieffion. after the palling of~this aift, or at fome adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, city, divifion, town, jdace, or liberty refpedtiveiy.

II.  And be it further ena&ed, That the warden of his Majesty’s prifon of the Fleets and marfhal of the king’s bench prifon, and to take an every other keeper and gaoler of any other prifon in any place or oath on deliberty, (hall feverally, on the delivering in of any such lift of Hvering in prifoners in their refpedtive cuftody, take an oath, in the open 1 ts* court of such general quarter fellion or general feflion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, to the effed following; that is to fay),

f T A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty Oath. j X God, do Solemnly Swear, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfon and perfons, whose name or names is or are inferted and contained in the lirft part of the lift by me now delivered in aad fubfcribed, was or were, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, upon the firft day of January one thousand seven hundred aad ninety-seven, really and truly prifoners in adual cuftody, in the prifon of [inferi the name of the prifon], at the fuit or fuits of the Several perfon or perfons therein refpedively mentioned; and tlfo that all and every perfon and perfons whose name or names is or are inferted or contained in the fecond part of the Said lift row by me delivered in and fubfcribed as aforesaid, have, Since the Said firft: day of January one thousand seven hundred and nnety-seven, been committed or Surrendered to the faid prifon [mfert the name of the prifon] at the fuit or fuits of the fevera^ perfon or perfons therein refpeflively mentioned ; and that the perfon or perfons whose name or names is or are therein contained, was and were, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, really and truly prifoners in adlual cuftody on the faid firft day of January, as appears by the returns made to me on his and their refpeitive commitments.

So help me GOD.’

E e 4  Which

424 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

Oath to be Which the faid juftices, at their firft or fecond general quarter fef-' adminiftcredt flon or general leffiion aforesaid, or at fome adjournment thereof, and entered1 at vv^hin their refpeftive jurifdiftions, are hereby empowered and re-the end of  quired to adminifter in open court; and the words of the faid oath,

the lift.  herein-before directed to be taken by the faid warden and mar-

fhal refpeftively, and other keeper or gaoler of any prifon refpec-tively, fhall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which fhall be delivered in by them refpeftively, and fhall be Lift to be kept fubfcribed and fworn to by them refpeftively in open court; and ofthlf °eace every such lift which fhall be fo delivered in, fubfcribed, and and may lie* Iworn to, in purfuance of this aft, fhall be kept by the clerk of examined the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the gratis.  peace of every such county, riding, divifion, city, town, place,

or liberty refpeftively, in which any such lift as aforefaid fhall be fworn to, for the better fatisfaftion of the faid juftices, and information of all or any prifoner or prifoners therein named, and fo as the fame may, from time to time, be feen and examined by any creditor or creditors, or prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

Three copies of lifts to be fixed up in each prifon ten days before the fef-fion.

Prifoners, on Jan. 1, 1797, for debts not exceeding x,20cl. conforming to this a<5t, to be difcharged,

Juftices, on petitions of prftoners, delivering fche-dules of their eftates, may iffiue warrants for bringing them to the quarter fef-lion, See.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all'and every keeper or gaoler, keepers or gaolers, of any prifon or gaol, is and are hereby required, ten days at leaft before the firft or fecond general quarter feifion or general feflion of the peace fhall be held after the palling of this aft for the county, riding, city, divifion, town, place, or liberty, in which any prifon or gaol fhall be, or which the fame (hall belong, to fix up, in fome confpicuous place or places in every such prifon or gaol, j and at the moft frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prifon or gaol, three or more true copies of the lift or lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any such keeper or gaoler at the faid general quarter feffiions, or at fome adjournment thereof.

IV.  And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon and perfons who on the firft: day of 'January one thousand (even hum dred and ninety-seven, were charged in any prifon or gaol for the nonpayment of any debt or debts, fum or fums of money, which did not in the whole amount to a greater fum than ons thousand two hundred pounds, and whole name or names shall be inferted in any such lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the oaths hereby directed to be taken, and fhall perform, on his or her part, what is required to be done by him or her by this aft, fhall be forever releafed, difcharged, and exonerated, in fuel manner as is herein-afler provided.

V.  And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding,, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the petition of any such prifoner or prifoners to any juftice or juftices of the peace, within his or their refpeftive jurifdiftions, upon every such prifoner or prifoners fo petitioning, and, at the time of his or her fo petitioning, leaving with the juftice or juftices of the peace fo petitioned, a true copy of the fchedule, containing his or her intended difeovery of his or

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii IIL c. X12.  425

her real and perfonai eftate, to be fworn to at the firft or fecond general quarter feftion next enfuing after every such petition, or fome adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feaj, or under their hands and feals, to require the fheriff or fherifts, keepers or gaolers of any such prifon, within the jurifdidlion of any such juft ice or juftices, to bring before the juftices at the firft or fecond next general quarter feftion or general feftion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the cafe fhall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant for such refpedtive county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any perfon being in the faid prifon as , aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the caufe or caufes which he, (he, or they is or are charged with in any prifon or gaol as aforesaid, at the time aforefaid ; for which copy or copies of canfeor caufes, such prifoner (hall apply to the faid keeper or gaoler of such prifon, or to the clerk of the papers, or other perfon who (hall make out and tranfcribe the fame, at leaft fix days before the time of his or her appearance, which warrant of every juftice or juftices, every such fheriff and fherifts, keeper or gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI.  And be it further enadled, That the copy of every such Schedules to fchedule which {hall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, (hall be [h^clerk of and remain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other the peace for officer adhng as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, infpedtion. city, town, place, or liberty, in which the fame {hall have been fo left, there to remain and be infpedfed, from time to time, as occafion fhall require, by any creditor of any such prifoner who (hall defire to infpedl the fame.

ViL And be it further ena&ed, That all and every debtor and ^e^orrs in~ debtors who fhall intend to apply to be difeharged and exone- ^ foAheir^" rated under this a<5t as aforesaid, fhall firft caufe publick notice difeharge, to to be inlerted in three feveral London Gazettes, previous to such gwe previous general or quarter feftion or general feftion, or the adjournment J^0^c^^rice thereof, at which such application fhall be made; and if such z tte debtor fhall be in cuftody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then alfo in feme newfpaper which {hall be publiflied in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or (he fhall be fo in cuftody, containing the name, trade, occupation, and description, and the two laft places of abode, if fo many, of every such debtor and debtors, and the prifon wherein he, {lie, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this a£t, and mentioning such notice in such Gazette or newfpaper to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, according to the time of publishing each of such notices ; for the inferting each of the faid notices in the London Gazette, or in any other newfpaper, there fhall be paid each time, by every prifoner the fum of four-pence and no more, the firft of which faid notices fhall be fo inserted in the faid Gazette and in the faid other newspapers, as the cafe may require, twenty-one days at the leaft.

liver ichedules to the gaoler previous to the firlt notice,

426 Annoregnl tricefimo feptimo Georgii IIL c. 112, [1796*

and the lad: of the faid notices fix days at the leaft, before any k  Inch hr ft or lecond general quarter feftion or general feftion, or

adjournment thereof, (hall be held as aforesaid, fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the faid debtor or debtors in cuftody, as those creditors who have charged such debtor or debtors in execution, or on mefne procefs, or otherwife, may have fufficicnt notice thereof.

VIII.  And, to the intent that all creditors may have full and fuf-ficient time to conjider the matters and things contained in the fchcdule or febedales intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors; be it

Debtorstode- further enabled, That every such debtor, when lie or (he fhall (according to the directions of this a£l) publifh the firft notice of an intention to take the benefit of this adf, he or (he (hall, in such notice, declare that the fchedule containing his or her intended difeovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate (to be ivvorn to in manner as by .this adt is directed) is lodged in the hands of the keeper or gaoler, or the deputy of such keeper or gaoler, of the prifoti, wherein any such debtor fhall be confined, and every such debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such fchedule to such keeper or gaoler, or deputy, as the cafe may be, before he fhall publifh such firfl notice as aforesaid, figned with his or her own chriftian and furname, to be attefted by any such keeper, gaoler, or deputy; and in cafe any debtor fhall negledl or refufe to deliver one such fchedule to such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, prior to such his firft notice to be given as aforesaid, he or (he, upon due proof made of such negledV, to the fatisfadlion of the court to which such debtor fhall make application, fhall be remanded back to prifon, there to remain until he or (lie fhall have complied with the directions aforefaid; Gaoler to at- and every such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, is hereby directed tcVheduks65 anc^ recluired t0 atteft the fignature of the debtor’s name to such and to give * fchedule,’and to receive the fame into his cuftody and charge, copies to giving a duplicate thereof to every such debtor, with an acknow-debtors, and lodgement of his having received the original; and he is hereby tors demand ^url^er requited to deliver a true copy of any such fchedule, in- them, on* figned by himfelf, upon requeft made to him by any creditor for that purpose, in writing, such copy to be delivered to the creditor himfelf, or to such perlon as he (hall appoint to receive the fame, within three days after demand made; and if any such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, (hall negledf or refufe to conform to the directions hereby given him refpedting such fchedule, every such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, fo offending,(hall pay the fum of twenty pounds to any per foil who (hall foe for and recover the fame, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejl min tier, by adtion of debt.

IX.  And be it further enadted, That the notices to be given by every debtor, in manner diredted by this adb, fhall be to the effedl following; that is to fay,

and for neg-ledt, to be remanded to prifon.

ptnalty of 20I

Notices to be given in the following form,

T

JL dcfcriptionz confined in

[infert the name, trade, occupation, and and the two lafl places of abode, if fo many'] now [infert the name of the prifon and county],

1796.1 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii IIT. c. 112.  427

county^ and not being charged in cuftody, on the fir ft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with any debt or debts, fum or fums of money, exceeding in the whole the fum of one thousand two hundred pounds, do hereby give this \_firjl^ fcconcl, or third] publick notice, that 1 intend to take the benefit of an act, pafted in the thirty-feventh year of his pre-fentMajefty’s reign, intituled, [here jet forth the title of this and if it be the firfl notice, then add\ and I do hereby give notice, that a true and perfect fchedule, containing a difcovery of all my, real and perfonal eftate, hereafter to be fworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the fame to the keeper or gaoler, or his deputy, of the laid prifon.’

And every such notice fliall be figned by the debtor, and coun-terfigned by the keeper or gaoler, or deputy of such keeper or gaoler, of such prifon.

X.  And be it further enaded, That every such debtor as afore-faid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with any debt or debts, fum or fums of money, in the whole to a greater amount than the fum of one thousand two hundred pounds, who (hall apply to the general or quarter feftion, or any adjournment thereof, (hall, in cafe it (hall be proved upon oath, or by producing the faid three- Gazettes and newfpapers before mentioned, to the faid juftices at any such feftion, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inferted in the London Gazette, and other newfpapers where required in manner aforesaid, and that the perfon or perfons fo applying was or were actually a prjfoner or prifoners on the firft: day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in the prifon or gaol in which his, her, or their name or names is or are fpecified in the lift delivered in at such firft or fecond feftion, or any adjournment thereof, or in fome other prifon or gaol, as aforesaid, in purfuance of this ad, fhall, in open court,"at the faid general quarter feftion, or general feftion, or any adjournment thereof, fubfcribe and deliver in a true fchedule or account of all his or her real eftate, in poftef-fion, reverfion, remainder, or expedancy, and alfo the whole of his or her perfonal eftate, which he or fhe, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are feifed of, interefted in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her pofteftion at any time fince his or her commitment to prifon, with the names of his or her feveral debtors, and where they refpedivefy live, or maybe met with ; and the feveral fums of money from them refpedively owing, and how the fame refpedively became due, and are fecured, and if by mortgage, fpecialty, contrad, note, or other writing, then the name' and names, and places of abode, of the feveral witnefles who can prove such debts or contrads, (if there be any fuch), and (hall alfo make oath and fwear to'the efted following; (that is to fay),

and figned by the debtor and gaoler.

Debtors applying at the feflion, proving notices were duly inferted, lhall, in open court, deliver in figned fched ules, and take the following oath.

‘I. a.b.

 GoOgle

(ath.  <  T A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty

A God, do folemnly fwear, proteft, and declare, That on the firft day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTeven,

I  was really and truly a prifoner, in the aCtual cuftody of

in the prifon or gaol of  at the fuit of

without any fraud or collufion whatfoever; and that I have, ever fince my commitment, continued a prifoner within the prifon of  in  the actual cuftody of the

keeper or gaoler of the faid prifon of  [or mentioning

forne other prifon or prifons, as the cafe may be), or within the liberties thereof, at the fuit of  and  without any fraud

or collufion whatfoever; and that the fchedule now delivered by me, and fubferibed, doth contain, to the beft of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, juft, true, and perfect account and difeovery of all the goods, eflFeCts, and eftates, real and per-fonal, in pofteflion, reverlion, remainder, or expeCtancy, which I, or any perfon in truft for me, or for my benefit or advantage, are feifed or poflefled of, interefted in, or entitled to, or,was or were in my pofifeftion at any time fince my commitment to prifon, and of all debts to me owing, or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me, and of all the fecurities and contracts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufe, or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me, and the names and places of abode of the feveral perfons from whom such debts are due and owing, and of the witnefifes that can prove such debts or contracts [if any such there be"\, and that neither I, nor any other perfon or perfons in truft for me, or my ufe, have any lands, money, ftock, or any eftate, real or perfonal, in pofleffion, rever-fion, remainder, or expectancy, other than what are in the faid fchedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for my-felf and family, working tools, and necefiary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fum of money not exceeding five pounds, and thefe in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds; and that I have not, nor any perfon for me hath, direCtly or indirectly, fold, leffened, or otherwife conveyed, difpofed of in truft, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, ftock, debts, fecurities, contracts, or eftates, real or perfonal, whereby to fecure the fame, or to rereceive or expeCt any profit or advantage therefrom, or with an intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebted in anywife howfoever.

So help me GOD/

Schedule and And t^e faid fchedule and oath fhall be, by every such debtor, feribed by the fubferibed in the prefence of the juftices in open fefiion of the debtor, and to peace, as hereby directed, and (hall be kept by, and remain with remain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer aCting as clerk the clerk of Gf the peace, for the county, city, liberty, divifion, town, or place, perufal eff ^ w^ere the fame fhall be fubferibed and taken, for the better rn-creditors. formation of all the creditors of such debtor who fhall defire or

may

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112.  429

may have occafion to refort thereto, and every such creditor (hall be at liberty, at feafonable times in the day time, to perufe and examine the Came,

XI.  And be it further enaCted, That the juftices of the peace Court, at the within their refpeCtive jurifdiCtions, at any such genera! quarter creditor°^ma feffion or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, at the requeft examine*

of any creditor or creditors of any such debtor, are hereby au- gaolers on thorifed to caufe the deputy warden and marfhal of the Fleet and oath, king’s bench prifon, or any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey of any prifon or gaol, and any other perfon, within their refpeCtive jurifdiCtions, to come before them, and to examine them refpeCtively on oath touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prefcribed by this a£l to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which fhall have been taken in Debtors oath open court by any debtor or debtors fhall not ‘be difproved by good teftimony of any credible perfon or perfons on oath, and court to order such juftices, or the major part of them prefent at any such ge- his difcharge. neral quarter feffion or general feffion, or any adjournment thereof, {hall be fatisfied with the truth of the oath taken by such refpeCtive debtor, then such juftices fhall, in such feffion, or fome adjournment thereof, adjudge such debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this a£t; and fhall order the faid fheriff or fheriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of such prifon or prifons, forthwith to fet at liberty such prifoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one (hilling for the trouble of his attendance with every such prifoner at the faid feffions for his faid difcharge; and every such order fhall be a fufficient difcharge to the fheriff or fheriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of such prifon or prifons, and fhall indemnify him or them againft any efcape or efcapes, aCtion or aCtions what-foever for efcape, which fhall or may be brought, commenced, or profecuted, againft hint or them.

XII.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That Eftate and all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of such debtor of, in, efffdts of dif-and unto, all the real eftate, as well freehold and copyhold or toi^vefted'0* cuftomary, and to all the perfonal eftate, debts, and effects, of *m the clerk every such debtor, (hall, immediately after such adjudication, be, of the peace, and the fame is hereby vefted in the clerk of the peace, town w^o is to af-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, of and for the foTuch o-edl-county, riding, city, town corporate, divifion, liberty, or place, t0rs as the where any debtor fhall be refpeCtively difcharged ; and every court {hall such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acfting as clerk direct, in

of the peaqe, is hereby directed and required to make an affignment tU1^ *0' and conveyance of every such debtor’s eftate and effeCis, vefted in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer aCting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the faid debtor as the juftices, at any general or quarter feffion of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which thall be held by them within their refpeCtive jurisdictions, (hall order and direCt, which, affignment and conveyance (hall be good and effectual in

the

whole.

43o Anna regni tricefirno feptimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

the law, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper ftamped, to veft theeftates thereby afligned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the fame fhall be fo affigned and conveyed,his/her, and their heirs,executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, according to the eftate and intereft the debtor had therein: and every such aflignmentand conveyance fit all be in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such debtor to whom the fame fhall be made, and the reft of the creditors of every such debtor, in refpedt of or in proportion to their refpedlive debts; and every perfon or perfons to whom any such alignment and conveyance as aforefaid fhall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to fue, from time to time, as there may be occafion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any eftate or effects of any such debtor, and alfo to execute any fruft or power vefted in, or created for the ufe or benefit of any such debtor, but in truft for the benefit of him or themfelves, and the reft of the creditors of every such debtor, and to give such difcharge 2nd difcharges to any perfon or perfons who fhall refpe£tively be indebted to such Aflignees to debtor as may be requifite; and every such aflignee or aflignees get in effe&s, fhall, with all convenient fpeed after his or their accepting such and fell them, alignment or conveyance, ufe his and their beft endeavours to receive and get in the eftate and effects of every such debtor, and fhall, with all convenient fpeed, make fale of all the eftates of such debtor vefted in such aflignee or aflignees ; and if such debtor fhall be interefted in or entitled to any real eftate, either in poffeflion, reverfion, or expe&ancy, the fame within the fpace of two months after such aftignment and conveyance, fhall be fold by publick audlion, in such manner, and at such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such debtor, who fhall affemble together on any notice in writing, publifhed in the London Gazette, or in fome daily paper, if the debtor before his going to prifon refided in London or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elfewhere, then in fome newfpaper which fhall be publifhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such debtor dwelled before he or file was committed to prifon, thirty days before any such fale fhall be made,fhall, under his Afiignees to hands,or their hands, agree on; and every such aflignee or aflignees,

wilh^n three ^ at t^ie en<^ ^ree mont^s at fartheft from the time of his or months firft t^ie^r accepting any such aflignment or conveyance as aforesaid, verifing their fhall make a fair and juft dividend of all such debtor’s eftate and accounts on effects, which fhall have been then recovered, amongft his or her oath*  creditors,  in  proportion and in regard to each creditor’s refpedlive

debt; but before any such dividend fhall be made, such aflignee or aflignees fhall make up an account of such debtor’s eftate, and make oath in writing, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, town, liberty, or place, in which any such debtor (hall have been difcharged, that every such account contains a fair and juft account of the efiate and effects of every such debtor got in by cr for such aflignee or aflignees, and of all payments made in refpecf thereof, and that

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georg 11 III. c. 112.  431

all payments in every such account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every such dividend (hall be publifhed in like manner as a meeting of the  divU

creditors is herein-before direded to be publifhed, thirty days at dends to be leaft before the fame fhall be made; and no" creditor fhall be given, allowed to receive any (hare of such dividend, until he fhall have No creditor made out the juftnefs and identity of his debt by oath, or due j^are ^ proof, in writing, before fome such juftice or juftices ; and if any  cf^rove

creditor of such debtor fhall be diffatisfied with the reality or fairnefsof any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the fame, R^ljty of at the requft of any such creditor or creditors fo diffatisfied, fhall jnquiV^^to be examined into by the judices of the county, riding, divifion, at the fdlion. city, liberty, or place, in which such debtor fhall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this ad, at their next general or quarter feflion, or fome adjournment thereof, and what they fhall there determine in the premifes fhall be ^ j ^ conclufive to all parties ; and if, after payment of all such debtor’s  to  be

creditors, there fhall any of his effate and effects remain, after phd the payment of all reafonable charges, the fame fhall be paid to such debtor-debtor, his executors, or adminiftrators.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all Creditors for and every creditor and creditors of any debtor who fhall be dif- annuities or charged by virtue of this ad, for any fum or fums of money at any payable by way of annuity, or otherwife, at any future time or future time, times, by virtue of any bond, covenants, or other fecurities of to receive any nature whatever, may be and fhall be entitled to be under^ ^ admitted a creditor or creditors, and may and fhall be entitled commiffion of to receive a dividend or dividends of the eftate of such debtor, in bankrupt, such manner, and upon such terms and conditions, as fuch

creditor or creditors would have been entitled unto by the laws now in force if such debtor had become bankrupt, and without prejudice in future to their refpedive fecurities, otherwife than as the fame would have been affeded by a proof made in refpect thereof by the creditor under a commiffion of bankrupt, and a certificate obtained by the bankrupt under such commiffion.

XIV.  And for obviating any doubts which may otherwife arifie how far the fever al powers and authorities^ by this adi veftcd in or given to clerks of the peace, may be lawfully done, exercifed, or performed, by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the county palatine tf/Xancafter, [the faid office of clerk of the peace for the faid county oj Lancaffer being held by letters patent from his Majesty, with the power of executing the fame by deputy or deputies) ; be it further enaded and declared, That all conveyances and alignments of Powers of the eftate and effeds of any debtor or debtors, and all other acts, clerlc °f deeds, matters, and things, which fhall be done, exercifed, or county0©/ C performed in the execution of this ad, by any deputy or deputies Lancafter, to of the clerk of the peace for the faid county palatine of Lancafter, extend to his or by the perfon or perfons who, for the time being, fhall ex- deputies, ercife and perform the trufts and duties of the faid office within

and for the faid county palatine fhall be of the fame force, validity, and effect, in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if the

432 Anno regni tricdimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

Eftates of debtors, not inferted in fchedules. to be vefted in the clerk of the peace.

Holders of fecurities, without confederation given, not entitled to any benefit.

Eftates to veft in the clerk ofthe peace for the time being.

No fuit in equity to be commenced without con fent of the majority in value of creditors.

Schedules to be pro bleed by clerks of the peace to creditors,

the fame had been done, executed, and performed, by the cleric of the peace for the faid county palatine of Lancafter for the time being.

XV.  And\ to the intent that no lofs ?nay arife to any creditor or creditors from any neglect or omiffion in the fchedule not containing the whole of the eft ate, real or perfonal, belonging to any debtor who Jhall apply for his or her dfeharge under the authority of this affi \ be it enaded, That all the eftate, whether real or perfonal, which fhad belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, fhe, or they, (hail be adually pofTefTed or entitled unto at the time of making such fchedule, fhall be deemed and taken to be part of the eftate contained in luch fchdule, though not inferted therein, and fhall in like manner become vefted in the cleric of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adding as such, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been contained in such fchedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the diredions of this act.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it enaded, That no perfon holding any fccurity whatfoever, for which such debtor never received any valuable confideration, fhall be entitled to receive any benefit from the eftate of such debtor, unlefs the perfon holding such fecurity fhall make it appear, to the fatisfadion of the juftices at fome general or quarter feffion, or adjournment thereof, that he or fhe became poffefled of the fame bona fide and for good or valuable conftder2tion.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That in cafe of the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, in whom the eftate right, title, intereft, or truft, of any debtor or debtors fhall have vefted by the authority of this a<51, every such eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, fhall become vefted in the fucceffor or fucceflors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace as aforefaid refpedively, as the cafe maybe, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, under the provifions of tins ad.

XVIII.  Provided further, and be it alfo enaded, That no fuit in equity fhall be commenced by any affignee or affignees of any such debtor’s eftate and effeds, without the confent of the major part in value of the creditors of such debtor, who fhall meet together purfuant to a notice to be given, at leaft ten days before such meeting in the London Gazette, or other newfpaper which fhall be publifhed in the neighbourhood of the laft refidence of such debtor or debtors, for that purpose.

XIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, for every refpedive county, city, and county town, and county riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any fchedule of the eftates of any infolvent debtor or debtors fhall be left, and his fucceffors, clerks of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, fhall, on the reafonable requeft of any creditor or creditors

of

433

i79^] Anno regni tricefnno feptimo Georgii III. c. 112.

of such infolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and {hew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day time, the fchedule of the eftate of any such infolvent debtor or debtors, which (hall be left with any such clerk, of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acfting as clerk of the peace, or his predeceffor in that officer, the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe any such fchedule paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adiing as clerk of the peace, in whose cuftody any such fchedule {hall be, or his deputy, the fum of one (hilling for his trouble in fearching for and looking out such fchedule, and attending whilft the fame (hall be perufed by the party requiring to have the fame looked ^ ^ ^ out, and to perufe the fame; and that a true copy of every such COpie:fto be fchedule, figned by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other evidence, officer atfting as clerk of the peace, in whose cuftody the fame (hall be, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy of such fchedule, without being wrote on ftamped paper, and for which copy no more (hall be paid than fixpence by the jfheet, each fheet containing feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for a lefs number of words, (hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatfoever as legal evidence clerk of the the fame ; and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town peace refufing clerk, or other officer adfing as clerk of the peace, (hall, on rea-to produce fonable requeft as aforesaid, neglecft or refufe to produce to any fchedules, &c. such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his <5r their attorney, ^jt^treble* * any such fchedule as aforesaid, and to permit the fame to be cofts. infpedted as aforefaid in the day time, on such payment or tender as aforefaid being made to him, or {hall afk or take more than after the rate of fixpence by the fheet, each fheet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for Jefs than feventy-two words in a (beet, or (hall refufe to make and deliver a copy of any such fchedule on being requefted as aforefaid fo to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy after the rate aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, which {hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, by action of debt, together with treble cofts of fuit, in the name of any perfon, whofhall profecute for the fame, and one moiety of which fum forfeited fhall, when recovered, Applicatioa go to the party who profecuted for the fame, and the other moiety of the penalty, thereof to the poor of the pariIh in which the offence {hall be committed.

XX. Provided always, and be it enabled. That before such Affignees to time as any affignee or affignees as aforefaid (hall enter on, or ^i^lords of take any profit from, any copyhold or cuftomary eftate as afore- manors for faid, he or they fhall agree and compound with the lord or lords of copyhold or the manor or manors of whom the fame (hall be holden, for the cuftomary payment of such fine or income as, upon any furrender andel a CS* admifiion thereto, hath heretofore been moft ufually accuftomed to be paid ; and that upon every such agreement or compofition made, the faid lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or fome fubfequent court., which (hall be holden for the faid Vol.XLL  Ff  manor  t

 vjOO^LC

434

The debtor right only t< be affedted 1 by this ad.

Mortgages, See. to take place of claims of ar inferior nature.

Anno regni tricefimo feptlmo Georgii III. c* 112. [1796.

manor or manors, (ball admit such aflignee or affignees, tenant or tenants of such copyhold or cuftomary eftate, according to the cuftom of the faid manor or manors of which the fame fhall be holden, and for and during such eftate and intereft as the faid debtor had therein at the time of his or her being difeharged as aforesaid, referving the rents, duties, heriots, cuftoms, and fervices, payable and to be rendered in refped of the faid copy* hold or cuftomary eftate.

?s XXL Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained fhall a extend to prejudice or a fifed any eftate or intereft, or right what-3y foever, of any perfon or perfons, other than the faid debtor, which may be expectant upon or fubjed unto the eftate or intereft of the faid debtor, hereby veiled in the faid clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as-clerk of the peace • but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever of every other perfon or perfons, (hall remain, continue, and be faved, to them, in the fame manner as if this a61 had not been made.

XXII.  Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority afore* faid, That nothing in this ad fhall extend, or be conftrued to

i hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages, charges or liens, upon the eftate of such debtor or debtors, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprized in, or charged or affededby, such mortgage or'mortgages, charges or liens refpedively, nor to prevent any ftatute flaple, ftatute merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained againll any luchydebtor or debtors to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate of such debtor or debtors; and alfo where any inquifition (hall have been taken upon any such ftatute or recognizance, or any writ or execution fhall have been taken out and delivered to the fheriff or proper officer upon any such judgement, before such difeharge fhall be given in open feilion to any such debtor as aforesaid, the perfonal eftate of every such debtor refpedively fhall be fubjedl thereto, in the firft place, for fo much as fhall remain due upon such mortgage, charge, lien, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement refpedively, in like manner as such mortgagees and perlons having such charges or liens, and creditors by ftatute recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, againft the real or perfonal eftate of such debtor and debtors refpedively, if this ad had not been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding.

XXIII.  And whereas many perfons zvbo may he entitled to and claim the benefit of this a cl are fifed and poffeffed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of gran tiny leafs, and taking fines, referving fmall-rents on such efiates for one, two, or three lives, in pojfffton or rever-fon, orfor fome number of years determinable upon lives', which faid powers ought to be executed jor the benefit of, tbe creditors of such debtors: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That

1796.] Anno regni tncelimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 112*  435

That in every such cafe, aJl and every the powers of leafing Power of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or (hall be j^nd8 vefted in any such prifoner or prifoners as aforesaid, fhall be, and aftignees, are hereby veiled in the affignee or aftignees of the real and per-fonal eftate of such prifoner, by virtue of this ad, to be by such affignee or affignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prifoners as aforefaid.

XXIV.  And whereas, in fome prifons or gaols in this kingdom, the office of keeper or gaoler is held in fee for lifey or otherwife, by perfons who never aft as keepers or gaolers themfelves, or know any thing of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome perfon or perfons under them as keepers or gaolers of such prifons or gaols ; be it therefore enaded, That in every such cafe, the perfon who (hall

have been adually employed and aded as deputy keeper or firne of de-gaoler of any such prifon or gaol at the time of the delivering in livering lifts to of the lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of prifoners in any take the oath, such prifon or gaol, at any general or quarter feffions of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof, and not the principal keeper or gaoler, (unlefs where such principal keeper or gaoler fhall ad as keeper or gaoler himfelf), fhall take the oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the keeper or gaoler of every such prifon or gaol.

XXV.  And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the Atrteheu^^> juftices at any general or quarter leffion of the peace, or ad- creditors ° journment thereof, to which any prifoner (hall be brought in gaolers to he purfuance of this ad, (hall, if required by any creditor or ere- fworn. ditors of any such prifoner or prifoners, who fhall oppofe his or

her oifeharge, adminiffer and give to the keeper or gaoler, or the perfon who ads as keeper or gaoler, of any such prifon or gaol, at the time of bringing up any such prifoner, in order to be discharged under this ad, an oath to the following effed; (that is to fay),

c T A. B. do fwear, That  was  really  and  Oath.

JL truly a prifoner in my cuftody, in the prifon of [oif in cuftody in fome other prifon, as the cafe may be] to the bed of my knowledge and belief, at or upon the firft day of January one rhoufanrd seven hundred and ninety-feven; and that the copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of his [or her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the faid  and  produced  to  the  faid court, is or are a

true copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of such commitment or detainer, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon whatfoever, to the beft of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD/

And if any perfon who was keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper Perf?^ or gaoler, of any such prifon or gaol, on the faid firft day January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or fince, gaoler on ihall not happen to be the keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper Jan. 1, 1797, or gaoler, of any such prifon or gaol, at the time of any such lift as  ta^e

Ff2  afore-theMlow.ng



436 Annoregni tricefimofeptimoGEORGii III. c. 112. [1796.

aforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the juftices, at any such feflion, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to adminifter and give to the refpedtive perfon or perfons who (hall be keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any such prilon or gaol, and deliver in any such lift as aforefaid at any such general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prifon or gaol, to the effect following; (that is to fay),

f>atlu  i  Y  Jm B. do fwear, That I have examined the commitments,

JL or books kept of or concerning the commitment of pri-foners to the prifon of  in  the  [county,  riding,

divifion, city, town, place, or liberty of  as  the  cafe  Jhall

be\ and that I do verily believe that the faid commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fidtitious, nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the firft: day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, really and truly a prifoner in the a&u-al cuftody of  the  then  keeper or gaoler,

or deputy keeper or gaoler, of the faid prifon or gaol, [or other prifon, as the cafe may be\ without fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon or perfons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD/

At requeft of

creditors, gaolers may be examined on oath at the fe(lions touching commitments.

Penalty on

fherifFs, &c. difobeying orders of juftices, &c.

XXVI.  And) in order to difcover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prifonerc in any prifon or gaol books; be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That the juftices, at any general or quarter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby authorifed, at the requeft of any creditor or creditors of any prifoner, to convene before them, at fome certain time to be appointed by them, any perfon or perfons who was or were keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any prifon or gaol within their refpective jurifdictions, on the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or at any time fince; and to examine every such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in cuftody of any such prifoner, as the juftices, at any such general or quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, (hall think fit; and if any fherifF, keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, (hall neglect or refufe to bring before any such juftices, at any feflion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any such prifoner as {hall be diredled and required by warrant of any juftice or juftices as aforesaid, or to attend on being fummoned for that purpose, he (hall on conviction fuffer fix months imprifonment, or if any keeper or gaoler attending, {hall refufe to make anfwer and difcovery in the premifes, as (hall be reafonably required at such general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, he, fhe, or they, fo offending in the premifes, {hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and

for

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 1x2.  437

for the ufe of the party injured, by adlion of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weflminjler, together with treble cofts of fuit.

XXVII.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid,  ^

That if any keeper or gaoler of any prifon, or his deputy or printer of deputies, dial), without juft caufe, to be approved of by the the Gazette, juftices at fome general quarter feftion, or general feftion of the &c* for not peace, or adjournment thereof, within their refpedlive jurifdidlions, refule or delay to bring any such prifoner or prifoners, as afore- gUiations of faid, ^jfo any such general quarter feftion, or general feftion, or this ad. adjournment thereof, in order to his or her diicharge; or (hall negledt, refufe, or defignedly omit to infert, in any such lift, the name or names of any such prifoner or prifoners who was or were actually in cuftody in his or their refpedlive prifon or gaol, on the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or fince, or (hall negledf or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver, such lifts as aforefaid; or if any keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, (hall negledl or refufe to take any of the faid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or (hall, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, take or receive more than the faid fum of one (hilling herein-before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be difcharged of such prifoner or prifoners as aforesaid, or (hall detain any such prifoner after he or (lie fhali be difcharged as aforefaid ; or if the printer of The London Gazette, or other newfpaper as aforesaid,

(hall wilfully refufe or negledl to infert therein the notice by this adt directed to be given, on reafonable requeft to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby diredled to be paid, or (hall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than four-pence as aforefaid for doing thereof, every such keeper and gaoler of such prifon or prifons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as tiforefaid, (hall refpedtively forfeit and pay to each prifoner, in every such cafe injured, the fum of one hundred pounds5 which (hail and may be recovered, with treble cofts of fuit, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Wejiminfier, wherein no eftoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed,

XXVIII.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, or any deputy Penalty ori keeper, or gaoler of any prifon, (ball, in taking of the afore- gaojcrs for mentioned oaths, forfwcar and perjure themfelves, and fhali PerJury* thereof be lawfully convidled, such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of such prifon or prifons, (over and above the penalties to be inflidled on perfons convidled of perjury), (hall upon every such convidtion, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with full cofts, by bill, plaint* or information, or adfion of debt, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVeJhnirJier, wherein no eftoin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of such perfon or perfons, his and their executors and adminiftrators, to whom any

f f 3  affign-

438 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgn III. c. 112. [1796,

alignment or conveyance, in purfuance of this a£I, (hall be made, of the eftate and effedls of such prifoner or prifoners, and if no such affignee or affignees fhall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors, who fhall fue for the faid penalties, to be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fatisfa£tion of the debts of such his creditor or creditors, clerks of°the XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the peace refuting peace or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as to give copies clerk of the peace, (hall delay or refufe to give every or any such tions^of chf" Pr^°ner-> adjudged to be entitled to his difcharge as aforesaid, charges, &c.  fourteen  days  after such adjudication, a copy of the order

of adjudication, on the payment of two (hillings and fixpence, or , fhall take more than the fum of two (hillings and fixpence for such copy, or (hall take more than one (hilling for an alignment or conveyance of such prifoner’s eftate and effects, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acling as clerk of the peace, who fhall fo offend, and who (hall be convicted at any such general or quarter feffion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and- pay to every such prifoner, the fum of twenty pounds, as the juftices of the peace, at such general or quarter feffion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, (hall order, and who are hereby empowered to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace fo offending.

XXX.  ‘ And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, Debtors for- That if any debtor as aforesaid, who (hall take the benefit of

this a£l, (hall wilfully forfwear and perjure himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves, in any oath to be taken under this a£t, and (hall be lawfully convi£led thereof, he, (lie, of they, fo offending, fhall fuffer such punifhment as by law may be inflicted on perfons convidled of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXI.  And be it further enadlcd by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon entitled to the benefit of this a61 (hail, at any time hereafter, be imprifoned by reafon of any judgement or

debts prior to decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, Jan. i, 1797. bond, damages, contempts for nonpayment of money, cods, fum or fums of money contracted, incurred, occafioned, owing, or growing due, before the faid fird day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, but that upon every arred upon every judgement, or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, coils, fum and fums of money, it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the procefs iffued, or for any two juffices of the peace, upon (hewing the copy of the order of adjudication as aforesaid, to releafe and difcharge out of cudody such prifoner or prifoners as aforesaid, and at the fame time to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such fuit or fuits to pay such prifoner or prifoners the cods he, (he, or they, fhall have incurred on such occafion, or fo much thereof as to fuch

judge

lvvcanag, lu be deemed guilty of perjury.

Perfons dif-charged not liable for

1796*] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c, 1 iz. 439

judge or juftices fhall feem juft and reafonable; and every such judge is hereby empowered fo to do on such prifoner’s caufing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such ablion or fuit.

XXXII. And whereas, under former adds of this kind, doubts have arifen what was to be done with such prifoiiers who applied at any feffion to be d if charged, who owed and flood .charged with debts, as well previous as Jubfeqiient to the day limited by the refpeflive afls\ to remedy which, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no prifoner or prifoners (hall be difcharged of Prifoner* not any debts incurred fubfequent to the firft day of January one

thousand (even hundred and ninety-feven; and if it fhall appear qUentto Jan.

to the juftices, at any feffion or adjournment, that any prifoner 1, 1797.

or prifoners, then applying to them to be difcharged, fhall ftand

charged as well v/ith debts previous to as fubfequent to the faid

firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

feven, that, in such cafes, it fhall and may be lawful to and for

the juftices to difeharge the perfon of such prifoner on account

of all debts incurred previous to the faid firft day of January one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and to remand him

or her back to the cuftody of the keeper of the prifon from

whence he or (he was brought, for all debts with which he or

fhe ftands charged with in his cuftody, incurred fubfequent to

the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-feven.

XXXIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That in cafe any perfon, being a prifoner, charged in execution Prifonerswho, on the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ^^folver^011 ninety-seven, and having before or fince that day petitioned any debtors have court to be difcharged as an infolvent debtor, and having con- been remand-formed to the feveral provifions of the laws in being for that back, and purpose, (hall have been brought up, and by the court, before j?har ed"with which such prifoner was fo brought up, remanded back to the out their^cou-prifon or gaol from which such prifoner was brought up, there fent, entitled to continue in execution on the undertaking of his or her plain- to the benefit tiff or plaintiffs to pay to him or her two (hillings and four-pence weekly and every week, or such other allowance as by law is .direbted to be paid in such cafe, during such time as such prifoner fhould remain in execution at the fuit of such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and such prifoner fo continued in execution (hall have been or (hall be difcharged from such execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs, without his or her own privity or confent, fubfequent to the faid firft clay of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and before the day whereon he or file might otherwife have applied to take the benefit of this act, every such prifoner fhall be entitled, notvvithftanding such difeharge, to the fame relief and advantage, to all intents and purposes what-foever, which he or fhe might or could have otherwife obtained ' by virtue of this abt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notvvithftanding.

f f4  XXXIV.  And

Aft: may be pleaded to at aftion of ef-cape

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c.

XXXIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any action of efcape, or any fuit or action, be brought aa?on  aga^n^  anY  jtiftice or juftices of the peace, fheriff, keeper, or

gaoler of any prifon, for performing their office, in purfuance of this aft, they may plead the general ifTue, and give this aft in evidence ; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, or difcontinue his aftion, or verdift pafs againft him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant (hall have treble cofts.

XXXV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Aft may be That if any Scire Facias, or aftion of debt or upon judgement, Se.ne‘ fhali be brought againft any prifoner, his or her heirs, executors.

rally by pri-foners* Sec,

Act not to extend to at* tomies, or fervants embezzling money;

or adminiftrators, upon any judgement obtained againft any such prifoner, or on any ftatute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, with refpeft to prifoners in aftual cuftody upon the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it fhali and may be lawful for any such prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, or adminifirators, to plead generally that such prifoner was aftually a prifoner in such prifon, or in fome other prifon, at such a perfon’s fuit on the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and was or were duly difeharged, according to this aft, at the general quarter feffion, or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their cafe is), without pleading any matter fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit or aftion (hall be commenced againft him, her, or them, for any other debt, fum or fums of money, due before the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to plead in difeharge of his or her perfon from execution, (over and above such matters as aforesaid,) that such debt or fum of money (as the cafe fhali happen) was contrafted or due before the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, without pleading any other matter fpecially; whereto the plaintiff (hall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may fhew the faid defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this aft, or not duly difeharged according to it, in tb^ fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied in cafe the ' defendant had pleaded this aft, and his difeharge, by virtue of this aft, fpecially; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difcontinue his aftion, or verdift pafs againft him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have treble cofts.

XXXVI. -Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained fhali extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or difeharge any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other perfon or perfons afting, or pretending to aft as such, with regard to any debt with which he or they (hall ftand charged for any money, or other effefts, recovered and received by him or them, for the ufe of any perfon or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other perfon or perfons afting as

fuch.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112.  441

fuch, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own ufe; or to releafe or difcharge any fervant or agent, or any other perfon or perfons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, (he, or they Hi all (land charged for or on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or pofieffed by him, her, or them, for the ufe and on account of his, her, or their mafter or matters, or employers, and by such fgfvant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his, her, or their own ufe ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXVII.  And whereas many evil-difipofecl perfons, to fupport their profligate way of life, have, by various jubtle ftratagems, threats, and devices, fraudulently obtained divers Jums of money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promijfory notes, or other fecu-rides for money, to the great injury of induftrious families, and to

the manifefl prejudice of trade and credit; be it enabled, That no ^ ^.Per^ons prifoner, who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe pretence or money*,"Ice. pretences, (hall have obtained from any perfon or perfons money, 0n falfe pregoods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promif- tenets 5 fory notes, or other fecurities for money, fhall have or receive any benefit or difcharge by or under this act; but thejuttices at any general or quarter fettion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prifoner fhall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their fatisfaction, (hall remand such prifoner to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from whence he or fhe (hall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.  And vjhereas many debtors, for rents of lands, mejfuages, houfes, or other premifes, have, with fraudulent intent to di/appoint the right of their refpedlive landlords, removed the flock, cattle, fir-niture, goods, or other effects, which were fubjedl and liable to be diflrained for the fatisfaddon of thefaid rents; be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no prifoner or prifoners, who, in a nor to perfons fecret, clandeftine, or fraudulent manner, (hall have removed, f^s^fThe " or caufed to be removed, within fix years before the palling of value of *oI. this add, any such ftock, cattle, furniture, goods; or effedls, of liable to be the value of fifty pounds or upwards, which were fubjecd or diftrained ior liable to be diftrained by their refpedlive landlords for or in pay- rcnt>

ment of such rent or rents, whereby such landlord or landlords fhall have loft all or fome part of the rent or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, (hall be difeharged by or under this adl, but (hall, on due proof of the matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX* And whereas many debtors have, with a view to defraud their creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or affgned, their eflate and effedls to fome perfon or perfonsfubfequent to their being in cuftody of law, or impriforted under fome pro c efs for debt: and whereas such Jale, transfer, conveyance, or afignment, hath been fraudulently made, to the infinite prejudice of the fair and h on eft creditor, though fujftcient proof could not be obtained to convidl the party of a fraudulent defgn :

bo

Gaolers to permit prisoners to be fpoken with, &c. on penalty O140I,

442 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

nor to perfons be it ena£fed, That whenever it (hall be proved, by one or more Ikmhf Tffebts crec^kle witnefs or witnefles, to the fatisfadfion of the court to to ddraud^ which any prifoner (hall be brought up in order to obtain his or creditors. her di(charge, that such prifoner has fold, transferred, conveyed, or afligned, to any perfon or perfons, all or any part of his eftate or effects, (pbfequent to the time of his imprifonment, without juft caufe for fo doing, to be allowed by the juftices prefiding in such court as aforesaid, every such debtor fhall lofe all the benefits and advantages that he might otherwife have claimed under the authority of this adf, and fhall not be entitled to his or her discharge ; and eVery such fale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XL. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon fhall, and is hereby required to fuffer, in the day-time, any perfon or perfons defiring the fame, to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or fome convenient room in the faid prVon, with any prifoner or prifoners, whole names are inferted in the before-mentioned lift or lifts, or the London Gazette, or other newfpapers, or any of them, and alfo to fee, in the true and genuine books of the faid prifon, the entries made of the name or names of such prifoner or prifoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at v/hofe fuit or fuits he, She, or they, are or were detained; and if any such gaoler or keeper fhall refufe or negledf to comply with what is hereby above required, every such gaoler or keeper who fhall fo offend in the premifes fhall forfeit and pay to the perfon fo refufed and aggrieved the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered, with colls of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at IVeJhninJicr, wherein no dfioin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the perfon or perfons fo refufed and aggrieved.

TLI. And be it further enadted, That if any gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon or prilons, (hall make or caufe to be made any falfe entries, in any book or books be-longing to any prifon or gaol under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or fhall prepare or keep, or caufe to be prepared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any falfe or untrue entry or entries to be made therein, or fhall infert in any lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any perfon or perfons who was not in adtual cuftody as aforesaid, (except as in the oath of every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, fhall be excepted), every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, fhall, over and above the penalties which he fhall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with treble cofts of fuit, by and in the name and for the ufe of any perfon or perfons, who fhall be prejudiced by any such falfe entry or entries; which penalties fhall and may be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint.

Gaoler* mak* ing falfe entries, See. to forfeit 500I.

' information

in any of Hi

y’s courts of record at Weft* minfter*

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112.  .443

niinjier.^ wherein no efloin, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, {hall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enabled, That if any debtor, being pehtors re-thereunto required by any creditor, fhall refufe to difcover and cover the declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or la ft place of trade and abode, of the perfon orperfons at whose luit he or fhe is or was abode of the detained or charged in cuftody, or if any prifoner being called P“rion at for and defired by any creditor or creditors to come to the lodge of the prifon in which any such prifoner fhall be confined, without to be excluded fome reafonable caufe being made appear to the contrary, every the benefit of such debtor, upon proof being made thereof before the juftices at this a<5tv any general or quarter feliion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, fliall not have or receive any benefit or difcharge by or under this a <51; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XL III. And whereas there is hut one common or county gad I for

each of the rcfpcflive counties of York or Lincoln, which fuel counties

are each of them divided into Jeveral ridings or divifions, all of which

have feveral commifjions of the peace ; and if the gaoler of thefe gaols

he obliged to cany the debtor s, prijoners therein, to the quarter Jeff on

of such riding or divifon, the fame will he a very great charge, not

only to such gaoler, hut alfo to the prifoners, in thefe large counties;

be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it fhall Juftices may

and may be lawful for two or more juftices of the peace for any of a ^1(T .  .  ..  .r  ,  rJ  o-  •  /  \  at or near the

the ridings or diviiions in the relpeaive counties, (or any other county g-l0l.

county or counties where the prifons are at a diftance from the place where the feftions are held), at the common or county gaol thereof refpetively, or at fome convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to affemble and meet, and to hold feflion there, by adjournment from their refpeclive quarter feflion from time to time, for the difcharge of the refpeclive prifoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act*

XLIV4 And whereas the dfrifl or divifon 0/* Holland, in the faid county of Lincoln, is dijlant near forty miles from the [aid county gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenfive for the juji ices of the peace a fling for the jaid divifon to be obliged to travel to the Jaid gaol for the foie purpose of di(charging the prifoners under the powers by this afl given; be it therefore enacted, That for the Juftices for the Jeveral purposes aforesaid, the juftices for the faid divifion diftridt of Holland may adjourn their original feftions to the  to or

county gaoJ, or fome place near thereunto; and it fhall and may near the be lawful for any two juftices of the peace, adding either for the county gaol, parts of Lindfey, Kef even, or Holland, to hold luch adjourned ^c* feftions for the foie purpose of difeharging such prifoners; notice of the adjournment of such original feftions being given by the clerk of feftions to such juftices, and who fhall attend there to regifter the proceedings of the faid court, fo far as the fame relate to or affect the difcharge of any prifoner detained for debt in the divifion of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this ach

XLV. And whereas the next general quarter fef ions of the peace for the .county ^Surrey, which fhall happen after the pajfng of this afl, may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of

v  the

Juftices for Surrey may adjourn to Southwark.

Prifoners in cultody for fees, &c. to be difcharged.

444 Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii IILc. 112. [1796.

the faid prifons ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforesaid, Th-1 it fhall and may be lawful for such juftices as fhall be aflembled at the general quarter feffion of the peace to be holden for the county of Surrey, nex:t after the paffing of this a£l, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the faid feftions to the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of adminiftering the oaths required to be taken and fubfcribed by this a<51, by the Teveral gaolers within the faid county, and for the difcharge of prifoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this a£h

XLVI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That all debtors and others, who were in prifon on or before the faid ftrft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or claimed as due, to the keeper or keepers of any prifon refpec-tively, or to any other officer of such prifon, and upon no other account, fhall be difcharged therefrom, he, fbe, or they taking the oath by this a<ft required to be taken by prifoners.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by ^HI1^t^0Kex’the authority aforesaid, That this a£f fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difcharge any perfon feeking the benefit of this a6f, with refpecSb to any debt or penalty with which he or fhe fhall ftand charged at the fuit of the crown, or of any perfon for any offence committed againft any a£l or acfts of parliament relative to his Majesty’s revenues of cuftoms, excife, ftamps, or fait duties, or any of them, or any other branches of the publick revenue, or at the fuit of any fheriff or other publick officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any perfon profecuted for any offence committed againft any acft or ails of parliament relative to his Majesty’s faid revenues of cuftoms, excife, ftamps, or fait duties, or any other branches of publick revenue, unlefs any three of the lords commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, fhall certify their confent under their hands to the juftices at their faid feftions, or adjournment thereof, for the ditcharge of such prifoner as aforefaid.

XLVIII. And whereas, under former afts, creditors have been put to great expence and trouble, in attending every feffion and adjournment, during the whole continuance of the aft, to oppoje the difcharge of debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the jaid refpeftive acts, but who, after having been before one feffton heard., and refufed a difcharge, to harrafs their creditors, conjlantly gave frejh notices for each jubfequent feffion and adjournment, of their intended application to be difcharged: to remedy which, be lt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cafes whatever, the determination of the juftices in feffion or adjournment fhall be final to all intents and purposes, unlefs the debtor fhall, during the continuance of this aget rid of the objection or objections for which they refufed his difcharge; and that the fame may be clear and certain, the juftices are hereby required to ftate the objections why such debtor's difcharge is refuted by them; and

in

tend to debtors to the crown, or to the revenue, unlefs the treafury certify their con fent.

Determination of juftices to be final, unlefs the prifoner get rid of the objections to his difcharge, &c.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112,  445

in all cafes whatever, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices, at any fubfequent feflion or adjournment, upon any application from the prifoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, by two or more credible witnefles, (which oath they are hereby empowered to adminifter), of each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice ferved, at leaft ten days previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before oppofed his difcharge, and of notice likewife inferted in the Gazette, in manner before directed by this a£t, to order such prifoner to be brought before them, and, if they fhall then be of opinion the faid debtor is entitled to the benefit of this a6t, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the benefit of this aCh; and if a prifoner, to order him or her to be difcharged, he or file taking the oath, and in all other refpeds conforming to the directions of this a6t.

XLIX. Arid whereas it may happen that feveral perfons who ?nay claim and be entitled to the benefit of this abl, are feifed of an efiate tail in fame freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereon expectant) they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines^ fuffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by furrcnder or furrenders thereof, whereby such perfon or perfons faidfreehold or copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this aft^for the benefit of their creditors: be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such cafe such perfon or perfons fo feifed as aforesaid, and who fhall be entitled to and claim the benefit ers are feifed of this a6f, (hall, to all intents and purposes whatfoever in law, in tail, to be be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be feifed delivered up of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee, and the t0 cre<1*tor** fame (hall be delivered up to such creditor or creditors of every such prifoner, in the fame manner as if such perfon or perfons had actually levied a fine, fuffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furrender or furrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifed in fee; any law or conftruCtion of law to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

L. Andzuhereas many perfons who may be entitled to and claim the benefit of this aft, have been great dealers or otherwife engaged in large tranfaflions, whereby they may be entitled to fundry and great debts and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of eflatesfubjeft and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reverfions, remainders, or other contingent eflates, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to ether trufis or interejls in efiates, both real andperfonal, which may not be fujficiently aeferibed or difeovered in the fchedule or inventory before directed to be delivered in upon oath by the prifoner to be dif-chargcd as aforesaid, or which may want his aid and affijlance to adjufi, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of his creditors; be it therefore enaCled by the authority aforesaid, That it fhall and

Affignees may apply for the

may be lawful to and for the refpective affignees of the eftate and further exa-

effeds of such debtor or debtors, who fhall obtain his, her, or mmation of

t-Upir debtors to tneii two jultices



446 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796,

their difcharge in purluance of this a<5l, or any other perfon or per Tons duly authorifed by them for that purpose, from tirhe fo time, to apply to any two or more of the juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, where such debtor or debtors (hall be then refiding, thereby de-iiring that such debtor or debtors may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their eftate or eftedts, whereupon such juftices (hall fend for or call before them such debtor or debtors, by such warrant, fummons, ways, or means, Juftices to call as they fhall think fit; and upon such debtorsappearing fhall before them examine him, her, or them, as well upon oath as otherwife, as f/the^refii^e t0 matters an<^ things as such aftignee fhall defire, relating to appear, «kc. t0 the eftate and effects of such debtor or debtors; and if any may commit debtor or debtors (on payment, or tender of payment, of such theni.  reafonable charges as such juftices fhall judge fufficient) fhall,

negledl or refufe to come or appear, not having a lawful excufe, to be made known to such juftices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, lliall refufe to be fworn, or to anfwer to all such queftions as by such juftices fhall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the difeovery of his, her, or their eftate or effects io vefted, or intended to be vefted, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, .or such affignees as aforesaid, then it fhall and may be lawful to and for such juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to apprehend such debtor or debtors fo offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, file, or they fhall fubmit him, her, or themfelves to such juftices, and anfwer upon oath to all such lawful queftions as (hall by such juftices be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforefaid. RewardoFacl. LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That per cent, for a11 ancj every such perfon and pei;fons who fhall, within ten any part of months after the difcharge of such prifoner or prifoners, volunta-debtor’s el- rily come in and make a difeovery of any part of such debtor or tate not com- debtors real or perfonal eftate as fhall not be comprized in such dule^^ ^"kG" ^edule as aforesaid, before any such juftices aforesaid, fhall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum out of the net produce of such debtor or debtors eftate which (hall be recovered on such difeovery, and which (hall be paid to such perfon or perfons fo difeovering the fame, by the affignee or affignees of luch debtor’s eftate and effedls.

^ikme?frau  ^rov^ec^ always, and be it enabled, That notwithftand-

dulently ob-" *n3  fcharge of any debtor or debtors.by virtue of this a<51,

tained, void, if it fhall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such debtor was not true, then, and in every such cafe, every such difcharge fhall be void and of none eftedl.

LIU. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Affignees, That it ftiall be lawful at all times hereafter for any affignee or affignees of the eftate or effects of any debtor or debtors, who

01 fiidiuiiiy 111 .  j-*  „  ,  »  „  ,  *  ..  .  -

value of ere- inall be elide in purluance of this aeft, ovand with the content of

the

1796-] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c.112.  447

the major part in value of the creditors of such debtor or debtors, ditors, may who (hall be prefent at a meeting to be had on twenty-one days  for

notice being previoufly given for the purpose hereafter mentioned, fubmlt dif-in The London Gazette, if the debtor was in cuftody in London, or putes to arbi-within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then alfo in fome tration, newfpaper which fhall be publifhed in the county, city, or place,  ,

in or near which such perlon or perfons fhall have been in gaol, to make cornpofitions with any perfon or perfons, or accountants to such debtor or debtors, where the fame fhall appear neceffary or reafonable, and to take such reafonable part of any such debt as can upon any such compofition be gotten, in full difcharge of such debts and accounts ; and alfo to fubmit any difference or difpute between such aflignee or aflignees, and any perfon or perfons, for or on account or by reafon or means of any matter, caufe, or thing, relating to the eftate or effects of such debtor or debtors,or toany debt or debtsdue,or claimed to be due, toor from such debtor or debtors, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chofen by the faid affignee or aflignees, and the major part in value of such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they fhall have such difference, and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chofen by them, or otherwife to fettle and agree the matters in difference and difpute between them, in such manner as the faid affignee or aflignees, with such confent as aforesaid, fhall think fit and can agree, and the fame fhall be binding to all the creditors of such debtor or debtors; and every such affignee or aflignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall fairly do in the premifes in purfuance of this act.

LIV". Andy for the better difcovery of the ft ate and effects of any debtor who Jhall be dfcharged by virtue of this at7, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That any perfon or perfons f,enaIty for who fhall have accepted of any truft or trulls, and fhall wilfully eftatesof conceal or protebl any eflate, real or perfonal, of any such debtor debtors, from his creditors, and fhall not, within thirty days after any aflignee or aflignees-fhall, in purfuance of this abl, be chofen of any such debtors eflate, difeover and difclofe to fuel) aflignee or aflignees such trull and eflate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to such aflignee or aflignees, he, (he, or they, fo offending, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and alio double the value of the eflate, either real or perfonal, fo concealed, to and for the ufe of the creditors of any such debtor, to be recovered by abl ion of debt in any of his Adajefly’s courts of record at Wcflminfury in the name or names of the aflignee or aflignees of such debtor’s eflate, together with treble cofls of fuit.

LV. And whereas provifon ought to be made as to what Jbould become of the eflate and effects of any debtor or debtors not got //;, obtained, or recovered, by any affignee or affignees chofe purjuant to the directions of the fever al acts at the time of his or their death or deaths, and zvbofe heir or heirs, ex editors, adminifiratorsy and affi?nSy re-fifed to att or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it enabled.

That



448

If affignees die, others maybe cliofen, &c.

Courts, on complaint, may remove affignees, See.

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 112. [1796.

That in all such cafes it fhall and may be lawful to and for the creditors of every such debtor or debtors to chufe a new affignee or affignees, in manner and form as herein-before is diredted, and to obtain a new affignment from the clerk of the peace, or lbs deputy, town clerk, or other officer adfing as clerk of the peace, purfuant to the order of the juftices, and which faid order the faid juftices are hereby required and empowered to diredt (on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such former affignee or affignees, and refufal of his or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to adf or meddle therein); and the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer adfing as clerk of the peace, arc hereby empowered to obey the fame, and execute such affignment accordingly, in manner and form as if no former affignment had ever been made, the faid affignee or affignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer adding as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to al] orders and diredlions made by this adf relative to them, or any of them, and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflidfed on them, or any of them, by this adf, for difobedience in any part thereof, or negledf of duty whatever; and in cafe any such affignee or affignees fhall die, and his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, fhall refufe to adf, that then and in such cafe it fhall be lawful for such juftices of the peace to appoint a new affignee or affignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this adf 5 and the faid juftices fhall have power, in a fummary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, of such affignee or affignees, to account and deliver up all such eftate and eftedfs as fhall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this adf.

LVI. And, to the intent and purpose that the ejlate and effefts of such debtor or debtors as Jhall be difchargecl by virtue of this afl may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their real creditors \ be it enaefed by the authority aforesaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the refpedfive courts at Wejlminjier, and the courts of great feffions in -Wales, and the counties palatine of Che [ter, Lancajler, and Durham refpedlively, from whence any procefs iflued, upon which any such debtor or debtors was or were committed, or where the procefs iffiied out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of king’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great feffions, or counties palatine aforesaid, within their refpedfive jurifdidfions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such debtor, or the creditor or creditors of such debtor, complaining of any infufficiency, fraud, mi (management, or other mifbehaviour, of any affignee or affignees of the eftate or effedfs of any such debtor or debtors, to fummon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and diredtions therein, either for the removal or difplacing such aftignee or affignees, and appointing any new affignee or affignees in the place or ftead of such affignee or affignees fo to be removed or -difplaced, and for the prudent, juft, and equitable management

or

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo (eptimo Georgii III. c. 112.  449

or diftribution of the eftate and effe6ts of any such debtor, for the benefit of the refpe<£tive creditors, as the faid courts or judges refpe6tively fhall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or difplac- ' ing of any afllgnee or aflignees, and the appointing of any nevy aflignee or aflignees, the eftate or efife&s of such debtor or debtors fhall, from thenceforth, be divefted out of the afllgnee or aflignees fo removed or difplaced, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new aflignee or aflignees, ,in the fame manner, arid for the fame intents and purposes, as the fame were before veiled in the aflignee or aflignees -firft chofen as aforefaid ; any thing in this a61 contained to. the contrary notwithftanding.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enadietl by the authority aforesaid, That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been given Where mu-between any debtor who fhall be difcharged in purfuance of this h^beerP a6f, and any other perfon or perfons, or bodies corporate or given, the politick, before the delivery of such fchedule or inventory of the balance to eftate and effedls of such debtor or debtors upon oath as aforesaid, be ftated. the refpe6five aflignee or aflignees of such debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorifed and required, on his and their parts, to ftate and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned ; and nothing more fhall be deemed to be veiled in such clerk of the peace, or town clerk, or other officer

•  adling as clerk of the peace, or such aflignee or aflignees as aforefaid as the eftate or effedls of such debtor or debtors, than what fhall appear to be juftly due to him, her, or them re-fpedlively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly ftated.

LVIII. And whereas many perfons are often committed by the courts of law and equity for contempts for not paying monies ordered or awarded to be paid., and alfo for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose, and alfo upon the writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other procefs for, or grounded on, the nonpayment of money, prjf0Tiers for cojlsi or expences, in fome caufe or proceeding in fome ecclefia/Hcal courts not paying or for contempt to such court relating thereto ; it is hereby declared monies and ena61ed, That all such perfons are and (hall be entitled to the awarded, benefit of this a61, on and fubjecl to the fame terms, conditions, ^titleci^o and reftri6lions, as are herein expreffed and declared with refpecl benefit to prifoners for debt only.  15  of this a<5t;

L1X. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and are now imprifoned for debt, upon proceffes iffuing out of courts of and alfo confcience; it is hereby ena61ed and declared. That all such pnfoners on prifoners fhall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and be Prodefies out difcharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or. they conform to confdence* the dire6tions herein-before preferibed, touching other prifoners who fhall be difcharged by virtue of this a61.

*  LX. Provided always, and be it ena6ted by the authority afore- not to . faid, That nothing in this a6t contained (hall extend, or be conffrued to extend, to John Wormall, Henry Wormall, John pni'oners at Stansfielcl, Henry King, John Wilkinfon, William Hartley, Jofepk York for Brown, and James Walton.} being of the people called Quakers,

VOL* XLL  G  g  now  fghedules*

Juftices may caufe them to be brought before the leffions, and diredt the money due to be levied on their efFefts, See.

Anno regni tricefimo (eptimo Georgit 111. c. 112. [1796.

now prifoners in the common gaol of the county of Forty at the fuit of the reverend George Markham vicar of Carltoriy in the weft riding of the faid county, for tithes, or any or either of tjjem, fo as to oblige them, or any or either of them, to deliver in and fubferibe a fchedule of their refpedfive eftates and effects ; but that it fhall and may be lawful for the juftices of the peace of the faid weft riding of the county of Forty aforesaid, upon application made by the faid George Markham, or by any perfon or perfons for or on the behalf of the faid John Wormally Henry Wormally John Stansfieldy Henry King, John Wilkinfoiiy William Hartleyy Jofeph Bro'Ojtiy and James Walton, or any or either of them to caufe the faid prifoners refpedtively to be brought before them at their next general quarter feffions of the peace, (or at any fubfequent general quarter feffions), together with a copy or copies of their detainers, and to examine into the value of the eftates and effedls of the faid prifonehs, and each and every of them, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefies, and to iftue a warrant under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of any two or more of them, thereby directing and requiring the refpeclive fums due from the faid prifoners refpedtively to the faid George Markharriy and for which they are refpedfively charged or detained in the faid prifon, to be levied upon their refpedlive goods and chattels ; and if the goods and chattels of the faid prifoners refpedlively fhall not be found fufficient, then the real eftates of the faid prifoners refpedlively (if any such there be) fhall, by the faid juftices, or any two or more of them, be affigned over to the laid George Markham till such time as the faid debts, with all cofts and charges, fhall be refpedlively paid, -and the faid prifoners fhall, upon their appearance refpedlively before the faid juftices, be refpedlively difeharged from their faid imprifonment as to the faid debt or debts; and fo foon as the faid debt or debts, with all cofts and charges fhall have been fully paid and fatished, the eftates of the faid prifoners fo affigned to the faid George Markham as aforefaid fhall be re-conveyed or affigned to them refpedlively according to the right, title, or intereft, which they refpedlively had therein or thereto at the time of the pafling of this adl.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no perfon who fhall have taken the benefit of any adl heretofore palled for the relief of infolvent debtors within the fpace of ten years Jaft paft, fhall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this adl, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, fo as to be difeharged under the fame; any to relief under thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwith-this.  (landing.

Affirmation of LXIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, quakeis to be That in all cafes wherein by this act 'an oath is required, the taken.  folemn  affirmation  of  any  perfon being a quaker, fhall and may

be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every perfon making such affirmation, who fhall be convidted of wilful and falfe

affirmation,

No perfons who have taken the benefit of any infolvent act within ten years, to be entitled

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 113.  451

affirmation, {hall incur and luffer such and the fame penalties as are inflided and impofed by this ad upon perfons convidea of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded, That nothing Adi not to in this ad: contained (hall extend to that part of Great Britain sc^tlancT called Scotland.

CAP. CXIII.

An ad for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.—[July 19, 1797.]

646,250b to be raifed by a lottery, to confift of 55,000 tickets at ill.

15s. each. All perfons who have made depofits of il. 5s. for each ticket, purfuant to the refolution of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their lubfcriptions at the times following, viz. il. 10s. by Aug. 11, 1797.—2I. by Sept. 8,—2I. by Odt. 24,—2I. by Nov. 24,—and the remaining 3I. by Jan. 16,1798, and the contributors for each nl. 15s. advanced fhall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before Nov. 24, to be allowed difcount at 3I. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at ul. 15s. each. Cafhier to give fecurity to the fatisfadtion of the commiffioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commidioners of the treafury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,000k the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any lupplits granted this feffion. Managers and diredfors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books.

Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the calhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 55,0.09 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Four prizes of 2o,oool.—three of io,oool.—four of 5,000k—five of 2,000k—ten of 1,000k—twenty of 500I —fifty of look—one hundred of 50k—and fix-teen thousand five hundred of 16k—iocol. to the ticket firft drawn a blank,-—5,000k to the ticket firft drawn a blank on the fourth day of drawing,—to,ooo1. to the ticket firft drawn a blank on the ninth and twentieth days of drawing, and 20,000k to the ticket firft drawn a blank on the fifteenth and twenty-fixth days of drawing. Tickets in the outermoft column of the laft mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), &c. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb.

26, 1798. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, See. offenders (not in prifon) difeovering perfons guilty to receive a pardon and fifty pounds reward. Provifo. Managers to be fworn. The oath. Cafhier may receive the fum fubferibed; giving a note for the fame, which iliall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every ul. 15s. paid. After Aug. 11, 1797. the cafhier may deliver not exceeding in value half of the fum actually fubferibed ; and fhall give receipts for the refidue of such fums, after deducting the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the t'ckets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commiftioners of the treafury may reward the managers, Sec. as they fhall think fit. The 500.C00I. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this felfion ; and fhall be paid to the proprietors without any deduction on July j, 1798, Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging

G g 2  tickets

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 114. [1796.

tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned, &c. Commiffioners of the treafury empowered to defray the incidental cxpences attending the execution ofthis aft. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of sol. No perfon to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, uniefs employed as a clerk by the managers, or licenfed fo to do. Perfons (o licenfed to receive from the ftamp office numerical books, which ffiall be damped on every leaf, Commiffioners to grant such licences only on account of licenfed lottery offices. Penalty on unlicenfed perfons taking down or publilhing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint the magi-ftrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the aftual commiliion of such offence may be apprehended by any perfon, and carried before a magiftrate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. Penalty on perfons i'ummoned as wiIndies not appearing. Sec. Commiffioners fhall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, uniefs it fhall appear that the party is able to anfwer the penalty required by law, and he fhall have depofited a certain number of tickets See. Perfons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. Conditions of bonds. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the commiffioners may give up bonds or put them in fuit. Licences of perfons neglecting to depofit or divide into ffiares fifty tickets, to be void ; and the defaulters to be publiffied in the Gazette, Sec. In cafes, where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in such cafes licences granted after the commencement of this aft fhall be void for offences a gain ft this aft, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refufed to perfons convifted. Penally on perfons continuing on their houfes the words Ticenfed, See. after expiration of their licences, Sec. Executors, See. may be authorifed to carry on bufinefs for the refidue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other (hares than halfs, quarters, eighths, and fixteenths, on penalty of fifty pounds. Application and recovery of penalties. Form of (harts of tickets. Perfons counterfeiting ffiares, Sec. guilty of felony. Perfons preparing or having in their cuitody any regifter . or lifts of tickets but as herein particularized, or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than such lift, Sec. to forfeit fifty pounds. On complaint on oath of offences againft 27 Geo. 3. c. x. whereby the parties may be liable to puniffiment as rogues, juftices may authorife perfons to break open houfes, Sec. Perfons difeovered in such houfes, concerned in carrying on illegal tranfaftions, to be punifhed as rogues, and may be arrefted Sec. Penalty on perfons obftrufting officers. Perfons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal tranfaftions, to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which aftions for penalties ffiall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties filed for is not inferted inwiits, the defendant to Ueferved with acopy of the procefs, &c. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removable by certiorari. General ill'ue. Treble cofts.

C A P. CXIV.

An aft for raifing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-lcven.—[July 19, 1797.]

Commiffioners of the treafury may raife 3,500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1798, in like manner as is preferibed by the malt aft of this feffion, concerning loans Sec. The claufes, Sec. in the faid aft relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this aft. Exchequer bills fo iftued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1798. Aftion not to lie for such refufal. Principal and intereft with charges to be repaid out of the next fupplies; and if fufficient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1798, to be charged on the conlolidated fund. Monies fo iffued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank ot England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this aft, and aft 5 and 6 Gul. et Maria: notwithftanding.

CAP.

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimoGEORGii III. c. 115—117. 453

C A P. CXV.

An a<ft for granting to his Majesty the fum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be ilVued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the com-miffioners for the reduction of the national debt.—£July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXVI.

An adt for making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.[—July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXVTI.

An aft for regulating the trade to be carried on with the Britifh poffejftom in India, by the Jhips of nations in amity with his Majejiy.—lJuly 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS by an aft,pajjed in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble.

of his late majefy King Charles the Second, intituled, An 12 Car. 2. a£I for the encouraging and increafing of fhipping and na- c. 18, recited, vigation, it was enabled, That from and after the firjl day. of December one thousand fix hundred and fixty, and from thence forward, no goods or commodities Jhall he imported into or exported out of any lands, ifunds, plantations, or territories, to his Majefy belonging or in his poffejfion, or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the poffejfion of his Majefy, his heirs andfucccjfors, in Afia, Africa, and America, m any other flip or jhips, vejjel or vcjfels, than such as do truly and without fraud belong unto the people of England or Ireland, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or are the built of and belonging to any of the faid lands, funds, plantations, or territories, as the proprietors and right owners thereof, and ivhereof the mafer and three fourths of the mariners at leaf are Englifh, under certain penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned: and whereas it is expedient that the jflfips andvejfels of countries and fates in amity with his Majefy, Jhould he allowed to import goods and commodities unto and to export the fame from the Britifh territories in India, fubjeH to certain refriftions and regulations: be it therefore enadfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the paffing of this untries^ in a£l, and during the continuance of the exclufive trade of the amity with -united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaf his Majesty Indies, and during the term for which the poiTeffions of the .may import Britifh territories in India is fecured to the faid united J^ort from company, it fhall and may be lawful for the (hips and vef- t})e Britifh fels of countries and ftates in amity with his Majesty, to poffiffions import into and export from the Brit if pofleffions in India, in India, such goods and commodities as they fhall be permitted to import into and export from the faid polfeflions by the directors of the tjie eaft jnc|ja faid company, who are hereby dire&ed to frame such regulations directors, not for earning on the trade to and from the faid pofleflions, and contrary to

Gg 3  tbe£f or

 C 3gle

454 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. e. 118. [1796;

the countries and ftates in amity with his Majesty as {hall Teem to them moft conducive to the intereft and profperity of the faid Britifi\ pofteftions in India, and of tht Britijh empire ; and no (hip or veffel belonging to any of the fubjeds of ftates or countries in amity with his Majesty, fhall be liable to feizure, confifcation, or forfeiture, or other penalty, for exporting from or importing into the faid Britijh pofteftions in India, any goods or commodities, the importation or exportation of which refpedively fhall be permitted by the faid regulation; any thing in the faid herein-before recited ad, of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, to the contrary notwithftanding : provided always, That it (hall not be lawful for the directors of the faid united company to frame any regulations for the condud of the faid trade, which fhall be inconfiftent with any treaty or treaties which (hall have been or may be entered into by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and any country or ftate at amity with his Majesty, or which may be inconfiftent with any ad or ads of parliament which have been pafled for the regulation of the trade P , . and commerce of the faid Britijh territories in India. framed by1 the  H. And be it further enaded, That all such regulations as

directors to fhall be framed by the faid court of directors, for carrying on the be fubjed to trade to and from the Britijh pofteftions in India, and the countries ofthe''board anc* ^atcs *in am*ty with hisMajefty, (hall be and they are hereby ofcommif- directed to be fubject to the fuperintendance, diredion, and con-fioners.  troul of the board of commiftioners for the affairs of India in the

Court of proprietors •* not to alter any refolution of the directors relating to intercourfe of foreign nations in amity with his Majesty and the Britifh territories in India*

fame manner as all ads, operations, and concerns, which anywife relate to or concern the civil and military governments and revenues of the Britijh territories and acquifitions in the Eajl Indies now are.

III. And be it further enaded, That it fhall not be lawful for any general court of proprietors to alrer or change, or to dired, or order, or authorife, the altering or changing, any refolution of the court of diredors, or to refeind, revoke, fufpeod, or vary the fame, in fo far as the fame relates to the intercourfe of foreign nations in amity with his Majesty and the Britijh territories in India.

C A P. CXVIII.

An adt for regulating the height between decks of vejj'els entered outwards for the purpose of carrying faves from the coajl of Africa. —[July 19, 7797.]

Preamble. IT / HERE AS by an adt of the thirty-fifth year of his prefent 35 Geo. 3.  \ V Maje/ly, intituled, An ad for regulating the {hipping, and

c* 9°*  carrying  Oaves  in  Britijh  veffels  from the coaft of Africa, it was

enadied, That the whole Jpace between decks in such veffels fbould be allotted for the reception of faves, in order to their greater comfort and better accommodation: andwhereas it hasleenfound, that fujficient pro-vifion was not made by the faid act, for the comfort and accommodation cj the faves in their apartment she tween the decks of/hips fo employed;

for



1796.3 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 118,  455

for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,'and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffingof No veflel. to this aft, no Britijl){hip or veflel (hall clear outwards from any port clear out-in his Majesty’s dominions for the purpose of (hipping or carrying earning1* (laves from the coaft of Africa, in which the fpace between the flav/s from . decks allotted for the reception of (laves, under the provifions of Africa unlefs any former aft, Ihall not be, in every part throughout the whole the fpjice length and breadth thereof, of the full and complete perpendicular ^he flaves°r height of four feet one inch at lead, meafuring from the upper beofacer-furface of the lower deck to the under furface of the upper tain height, deck.

II.  And whereas Jhips and vejfels having only one deck are fome-times ufed for /hipping and carrying faves from the coaft of Africa,

be it further enafted, That in all such veflels a floor or falfe  ^ave

deck (hall be fixed in the hold, for the reception of the (laves, a fajpe which (hall be taken and conlidered as her lower deck, for the the hold, purpose of this aft.

III.  And be it further enafted, That no (hip or veflel (hall No ve(Tel to be permitted to clear out from any port in Great Britain for the tiiiadmea-purpofe of (hipping and carrying (laves from the coaft of Africa, fured, and until the proper officer of the cuftoms at such port (hall have certified by examined and admeafured such (hip or veflel, and (hall have found ^et^cer her to agree in admeafurement, and to be in every other particular cuftoms for conformable to the regulations and reftriftions required and di- which he (hall refted by this aft, and (hall have certified the fame in writing to receive ios. the collector of his Majesty’s cuftoms, at such port, for doingcertificate which he (hall be entitled to demand and receive the fum of ten mufl.

(hillings from the mafter or owner of the faid veflel, and the produced to faid certificate (hall be annexed to the clearance of the faid veflel, the officer and fhall be produced therewith to the, collector or comptroller, of ^vaTi" or other proper officer of the cuftoms, at every port in the Weft the

Indies or America, belonging to bis Majesty, at which the faid Indies, See, veflel (hall arrive before any (lave or (laves (hall be permitted to be landed out of the faid veflel at any such port.

IV.  And be it further enafted, That after thefurveying officer Falfe deck fhall have examined and meafured any (hip or veflel as herein-

before direfted, it (hall not be lawful for the mafter or owner [^flaves 1 thereof to remove, or caufe or fuffer to be removed, any floor are landed or falfe deck which (hall have been fixed in the hold for the on penalty reception of (laves, as herein-before direcled, except for the2C0^ purpose of loading or unloading his faid veflel on the outward bound voyage, or other unavoidable neceflity, or to do, or caufe or ftiffer to be done, any other matter or thing whereby the height of the places or apartments allotted for the reception of (laves (hall be diminifhed, until all the (laves which (hall have been taken on board such (hip or veflel (hall have been difeharged or landed therefrom, under the penalty of two hundred pounds for every such offence.

g g 4  Vt  And

456 Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 119, no.[iyg6.

t^ma6 be^ed X* And father enabled. That the penalty inflifted by for which  a<^  maY  Pr°fecuted, fued for, and recovered, in any court

may be within of record in Great Britain , and in every such action or fuit the three years party againft whom judgement (hall be given, (whether plaintiff fencetlle °^* °r ^e^en(^ant)?  Pay double cofts of fuit; and every such

aftion fhall and may be brought at any time within three years after the offence committed, and not afterwards, and every such adlion fhall be carried on without wilful delay.

CAP. CXIX.

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An a£l for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majefly’s plantations and colonies in America, as jnakes negroes chattels for the payment of debts.—[July 19, 1797*j

Preamble. 1I7HERE AS by an aft, which was paffed in the fifth year Y V of the reign of his late majefly King George the Second, inti-5 Geo. z. c. 7, tuled, An aft for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majesty’s recited. plantations and colonies in America, it was enafted and declared, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day 0/September one thou-fandJeven hundred and thirty-two, the houfes, lands, negroes, and other hereditary and real efates, Jituate or being within any of the faid plantations, belonging to any perfon indebted, Jhould be liable to, and chargeable with, all juft debts, duties, and demands, of what yiature or kindfoever, oiving by any such perfon to his Majefy, or any of his fubjefts, and Jhould and might be afifejfed for the fatisfaftion thereof, in like manner as real ejlates are, by the la%v 0/~ England, liable to the fatisfaftion of debts due by bond, or other fpecialty, and Jhould be fubjeft to the like remedies, proceedings, and procefs, in any court of law or equity in any of the faid plantations refpeftively,

1 for feizing, extending, felling, or dfpofing of every such houfes, lands, negroes, and other hereditaments and real efates, towards the fatisfaftion of such debts, duties, and demands, and in like manner as perfonal ejlates, in any of the faid plantations refpeftively, are feized, extended, fold, or dijpofed of, for the fatisfaftion of debts : and whereas it is dcc?ned expedient that the faid recited aft, fo far as it relates to negroes, Jhould be repealed: may ft therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enacted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mofl excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-So much of liament 2lTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo relates to ne-  °f  ^  *n  Part  recite(l  as  relates  to  negroes in his

groesinhis  Majefly’s plantations, is hereby repealed and made void, and

Majefty’s  fhall be of no effeft in future ; any thing in the above aft, or any

plantations, G;her aft, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

C A P. CXX.

An aft further to continue an aft, made in this prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft to fbfpend, for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent

Majefly,

1796.] AnnoregnitricelimofeptimoGeorgii III.c. i2i,i2Z. 457

Majefty, for reftraining the negotiation of promilTory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limired fum, within that part of Great Britain called England; as revived, amended, and continued, by a fubfie-quent adt of this fdfion, palled for the purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the fame; andalfo for continuing such fu bit quent adt,—

[July 19, 1797*]

Adis 37 Geo. 3. c. 3a. and 61, recited, and continued until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament.

CAP. CXXI.

An adt to explain an adl, palled in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Ma* jelly’s reign, intituled, An. adt for further encouraging ana regulating the fouthern whale filheries.—[July 19, 1797.]

A6135 Geo. 3. c. 92, recited. Provifion in recited a6t refpedling payment of premium to apply only to veflels fitted out fubfequent to Nov. 1,

1796.

■'CAP. CXX1I.

An aft for the better preventing theforging or counterfeiting the names of witneffes to letters of attorney, or other authorities or inf rumen ts, for the transfer of focks or fundswhich nova are, or by any aft or afts of parliament fall hereafter he made, transfer)'able at the bank of England ; or for the transfer of any part of the capital fock of the governor and company of the bank ^/England called Bank Stock; or for the transfer cf any part of the capital flock, or any focks or funds under the management of the South Sea company ; or for the transfer of any part of the capital fock of the Eaft India company; or for the receipt of dividends upon any of such focks or funds.—[July 19, 1797*]

WHEREAS by the feveral afts of parliament creating Preamble.

and authorifng the transfer and management of the publick focks, funds, and annuities, transferable at the bank of England, it is provided\ That all alignments, or transfers thereof f all be entered and regifered in books to be kept by the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank ^England, -which entries fall be fgned by the parties making fugh alignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their refpeftive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorijed in writing under his, her, or their hand andfeal, or hands andfeals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneffes ; and the fame regulation is preferibed and obferved with refpeft to the attefation of letters of attorney for the transfer of any part of the capitalfock of the faid governor and company called Bank Stock : and whereas, by an aft of parliament made and puffed in the ninth year of the reign of her kite mojefly Aftieen Anne, and by the charter of the company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the fouth fas and ether parts of America, and for encouraging the fifery commonly called The South Sea Company; and by feveral afts of parliament, creating and authorifng the transfer and management of the fock of the faid company commonly called South Sea Stock, and other focks and funds arifing thereout, or transferable at the South Sea houfe, it is provided, That all alignments and transfers thereoffall be entered and regifered in books kept by the faid governor and company, which

entries

45S Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii IJT. c, 122. [1796. ^

entries Jhall "be figned by the parties making such afflgnments and transfer r, or if such parties be abjent, by their refpeftive attorney or attor-nies, thereunto lawfully authorifed in writing wider his, her^ or their hand and feaf or hands arid feals: and whereas all affignments and transfers of the capital flock of the united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eaft Indies, are enteredandregijlered in books kept by the faid united company, and such affignments and transfers Jhall be figned by the 'parties making the fame ; and iffuch parties be abfent, then by their refpeftlve attorney or attornies, thereunto authorised in writing under his or their hand andfeaf or hands andfeals : and whereas it is expedient that provifion fhoidd be made for the prevention of all frauds and impofltions upon the faid refpeflive governors and companies, and the faid united company, refpefting the transfer of or the receipt of dividends upon any of the publick funds or annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, or of bank flock, or of the capital ffock of the faid South Sea company, or of the faid united company, or any other flocks or funds arifing thereout, or transfer table, or which Jhall hereafter be made transferrable, at the South Sea houfe or Eaft India houfe refpedlively: be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and comrnons, in this prefent parliament From Aug. i, aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon 17 9 7» perions or perfons whatever (hall, from and after the fir ft day of Augufl names^of ^ one ^oufand seven hundred and ninety-seven, falfelymake, forge, witneffes to or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, or in fir 11 merits  counterfeited, or fhall willingly aft or affili in the falfely making,

for the tranf- forging, or counterfeiting, the name or names, hand writing or of*< 1 ivid<fnd* hands writing, of any perfon or perfons as, or purporting to be, of ftocks atthe  witnefs or witneffes atteftlng the execution of any letter of

bank, or of attorney, or other authority or inftrument, to transfer, aftign, the South Sea fell, or convey, any intereft, part, or (hare, of or in any ftock 17.n.  Qr ftocks, annuity or annuities, or other funds, or the dividends

thereof, transferrable, or which, by any aft or afts of parliament, (hall hereafter be made transferrable at the bank of England, or of or in the capital ftock belonging, or which hereafter (hall or may belong, to the governor and company of the bank of England called Bank Stock, or to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other

or Eaft India company’s (lock?, to be guilty of felony.

parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery as aforesaid, or under their care or management, or of or in the capital ftock belonging, or which hereafter (hall or may belong, to the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, commonly called Eafl India Stocky or of any letter of attor* ney, or other authority or inftrument, to receive any dividend or dividends, on any of the faid ftocks, annuities, or other funds, or (hall utter or publifh, as true, any such letter of attorney, or other authority or inftrument, containing such falfe, forged, or counterfeited name or names, hand writing or hands writing, of such attefting witnefs or witnefles as aforesaid, knowing such name or names, hand writing or hands writing, to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, all and every perfon or perfons whatever fo

offending,

459

1796.] Anno regni trlcefimo feptlmo GeorgiiIIL c. 123.

offending, and being in due form of law convicted of any fucli offence or offences as aforcfaid,(hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported for seven years, or (hall be adjudged to fuffer such leffer punifhment as the court, before whom such offender or offenders (hall be tried, {hall think fit to award.

II.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That Publick a<5h this a6t (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and fhall be judicially taken notice of, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without the fame being lpecially pleaded.

cap. cxxm.

An ad for more effectually preventing the adminiftering or taking of unlawful oaths.—[July 19, *797-]

WHEREAS divers wicked and evil-difpofed perfons have Preamble.

of late attempted to feduce perfons ferving in his Majefly's forces by fea and land, and others of his Majejlys jubjedsyfrom their duty and allegiance to his Majejly\ and to incite them to ads of mutiny and fedition, and have endeavoured to give effect to their wicked and traitorous proceedings, by ijnpofing upon the perfons whom they have atte'mpted to feduce the pretended obligation of oaths unlawfully admini-Jlered: be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That any perfon or perfons who Perfons admi-fhall, in any manner or form whatfoever, adminifter, or caufe to ^f^oaths'" be adminiftered, or be aiding or adiding at, or prefent at and 0r taking * confenting to, the adminidering or taking of any oath or engage-them volun-ment, purporting or intended to bind the perfon taking the fame tanly, to be to engage in any mutinous or feditious purpose; or to didurb Puilty the publick peace; or to be of any affociation, fociety, or con-feaeracy, formed for any such purpose; or to obey the orders or commands of any committee or body of men not lawfully con-dituted; or of any leader or commander, or other perfon not having authority by law for that purpose ; or nor to inform or give evidence againd any afTociate, confederate, or other perfon; dr not to reveal or difeover any unlawful combination or confederacy; or not to reveal or difeover any illegal acl done or to be done ; or not to reveal or difeover any illegal oath or engagement which may have been adminidered or tendered to or taken by such perfon or perfons, or to or by any other perfon or perfons, or the import of any such oath or engagement; (hall, on conviction thereof bv due courfe of law, be adjudged guilty of felony, and maybe tranfported for any term of years not exceeding seven years ; and every perfon who fhall take any such oath or engagement, not being compelled thereto, fhall, on conviction thereof by due courfe of law, be adjudged guilty of felony, and may be tranfported for any term of years not exceeding seven years.

II. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That compul- Perfons com* (ion fhall not judify or excufe any perfon taking such oath or Pe^ed to take engagement, unlefs he or (lie (hall, within four days after the

taking uni els they

fame within four days.

460 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 123. [1796.

declare the taking thereof, if not prevented by adfual force or ficknefs, and’ then within four days after the hindrance produced by such.force or ficknefs (hall ceafe, declare the fame, together with the whole of what he or {he {hall know touching the fame, and the perfon or perfons by whom, and in whose prefence, and when and where, -fuch oath or engagement was adminiXered or taken, by information on oath before one of his MajeXy’s juXices of the peace, or one of his MajeXy’s principal fecretaries of fhte, or his MajeXy’s privy council; or, in cafe the perfon taking such oath or engagement (hall be in actual fervice in his MajeXy’s forces by fea or land, then by such information on oath as aforesaid, or by information to his commanding officer.

III.  And be it further enacted, That perfons aiding and affixing at, or prefent at and confenting to, the adminiflering or

oaths'^ orcauf- taking of any such oath or engagement as aforesaid, and perfons ing them to caufing any such oath or engagement to be adminiXered or taken, though not prefent at the adminiXering or taking thereof, fhali he deemed principal offenders, and (hall be tried as fuch, although the perfons or perfon who adlually adminiXered such oath or engagement, if any such there fhali be, fhali not have been tried or convidled.

IV.  And be it further enadled, That it fhali not be neceflary, in any indidhnent againX any perfon or perfons adminiXering, or caufing to be adminiXered or taken, or taking any such oath or engagement as aforesaid, or aiding or affiXing at, or prefent at and confenting to the adminiXering or taking thereof, to fet forrh the words of such oath or engagement; and that it {hall be fufficient to fet forth the purport of such oath or engagement, or fome material part thereof.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That any engagement or obligation whatfoever, in the nature of an oath, fhali be deemed an oath within the intent and meaning of this acl, in whatever form or manner the fame fhali be adminiXered or taken ; and whether the fame fhali be actually adminiXered by any perfon or perfons to any other perfon or perfons, or taken by any perfon or perfons without any adminiXration thereof by any other perfon cr perfons.

VI.  Provided alfo, and be further enabled by the authority ma b a^"ore^a^> That any offence committed againX this adt on the

pmfecutech C high feas, or out of this realm, or within that part of Great Britain called England, Xiall and may be profecuted, tried, and determined, before any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if such offence had been therein ' committed ; and if committed in that part of Great Britain called Scatlandy fhali and may be profecuted, tried, and determined, either before the juXiciary court at Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the united kingdom.

Perfons tried V J I. Provided alfo,and it is hereby declared. That any perfon under this aff, vvh0 (hall be tried, and acquittted or convidted of any offence ag.dn°ior the aoam^ ^IS fhali not liable to be indidted, profecuted, or b 1  *  tried

Perfons aiding, &c. at taking such

be adminifter-ed, though not prefent, to be deemed principals.

In indictments it fhali be fufficient to let forth the purport of luch oaths.

Engagements in the nature of an oath, to be deemed one, &c.

Where oF-

1796*] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 124-

tried again, for the fame offence or fadt, as high treafon, or mif-prifion of high treafon; and that nothing in this a<ff contained fhall be conftrued to extend to prevent any perfon guilty of any offence againft this adt, and who (hall not be tried for the fame as an offence againft this adf, from being tried for the fame as high treafon, or mifprifion of high treafon, in such manner as if this aiSt had not been made.

CAP. CXXIV.

An a 51 to make perpetual an a5l, paffied in the fifth year of. the reign of his late Majejly, intituled, An adt to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.—[July 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS an a5l zvas made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Secondintituled, An add to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, which has been continued by fever al jubjequent acts, until the fir ft day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next fiejfion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the faid a5l fhould be made perpetual; be it therefore enabled by the King's mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and" by the authority of the fame, That the faid adt fhall be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. CXXV.

An a<ft for authorifing his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat, wheat meal, or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or bread, bifeuit, or peafe, to the iflands of Guernfey, jerfey, and Alderney, lor the fufienance and ufe of the inhabitants of the faid iflands, for a limited time.—[July 19, 1797.]

cap. exxvi.

An a5l to prevent the counterfeiting any copper coin in this realm made, or to be made, current by proclamation, or any foreign gold or filver coin; and to prevent the bringing into this realm, or uttering, any counterfeit foreign gold or filver coin. —- £ July 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS the com?nons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, by their unanimous addrefs to his Majejly, have requefled that his Majejly would be gracioufiy pleafed to give diredlions that meafures might be taken for procuring an immediate fipply of such copper coinage as might be befl adapted to the payment of the laborious poor ; and it is necefjary that fo much of theprovifions contained in an a5i, paffied in the fifteenth, year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An a<Sl for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying falfe or counterfeit coin, as relates to the copper monies of this realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthing; and alfo the provifions contained in an a 51,. paffied in the eleventh year of his prefent Majejly s reign,-intituled. An adf for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the copper coin of

—126. 461

fame offence; but if not fo tried, may be tried as for high treafon, See.

Preamble.

5 Geo. 2. c. 30, recited.

Recited ad made perpetual.

Preamble.

15 Geo. 2. c. 28, and

11 Geo. 3. c. 40, recited.

So much of firft recited aft, as relates to halfpence

copper mo-ney of this realm, to extend to all copper money ordered by proclamation to be taken as current money.

462, Anno regni tricefimo feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 126. [1796.

this realm; and all other provifions made by lava concerning the copper monies of this realm commonly called An Halfpenny<and A Farthing, jkould be extended to fitch copper jnoney as may be coined and ijfued in purfuance of such addrefs, and all other copper monies of this realm, which may be hereafter coined and ijfued by his Majejly's authority: be it therefore enadled by the Kingls moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the patting of this aft, fo much of the faid aft, patted in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, and farthings, act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the cur-and the laft rent coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or payingfalfe or counter-recited  feit coin,  as relates to the copper monies of this realm commonly

an a oc ers caj]e(j Jyn Fdalfpenny and A Farthings and alfo the faid aft of dhe eleventh year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the copper coin of this realm ; and all and every other afts and aft of parliament concerning the copper monies of this realm commonly called An Halfpenny and A Farthings or any other copper money of this realm, {hall extend, and be conttrued, deemed, and taken to extend, to all such pieces of copper money as fhall be coined and iffued by order of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, and as (hall, by his or their royal proclamation, be ordered to be deemed and taken as current money of this realm; and that all and every the provifions in such afts, or any of them contained, fhall extend, and be conftrued, deemed, and taken to extend, to all such other pieces, of copper money as aforesaid, in such and the fame manner as if such pieces had been particularly mentioned and deferibed in such afts refpeftively.

II.  And whereas the practice of counterfeiting foreign gold and fiver coin, and the bringing into this realm, and uttering within the fame, falfe and counterfeit foreign gold and filver coin, and particularly pieces of gold coin commonly called Louis d’Or, and pieces of filver coin commonly called Dollars, hath cf late greatly incre a fed % and it is expedient that provifion fliould be made more effectually to prevent the fame; be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall, from and after the pafling of this add, make, coin, or counterfeit, any kind of coin not the proper coin of this realm, nor permitted to be current within the fame, but refembling, or made with intent to referable or look like, any gold or lilver coin of any foreign prince, ftate, or country, or to pafs as such foreign coin, such perfon or perfons offending therein, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and may be tranf-ported for any term of years not exceeding seven years.

III.  And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall, from and after the paffing of this a6b, bring into this realm any such falfe or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, refembling, or made with intent to referable or Look like any gold or filver coin of any foreign prince, flatCj or country, or to pafs as such foreign coin, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, to the

intent

Perfons counterfeiting foreign gold or fUvc-r coin guilty of fe-

*?» y»

as alfo perfons bringing it into the realm, or palling it.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimofeptimo Georgii III. c. 126.  463

intent to utter the fame within this realm, or within any dominions of the fame, all 2nd every such perfon or perfons fhall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and may be tranf-ported for any term of years not exceeding leven ye'ars.

IV.  And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or perfons Penalty for fhall, from and after the palling of this abt, utter or tender in p^yment^fuch payment, or give in exchange, or pay or put off to any perfon counterfeit or perfons, any such falfe or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, refemb- coin.

ling, or made with intent to refemble or look like, any gold or filver coin of any foreign prince, flate, or country, or to pafs as such foreign coin, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, and (hall be thereof convibled, every perfon fo offending fhall fuffer fix months imprifonment, and find fureties for his or her good behaviour for fix months more, to be computed from the end of the faid firffc fix months; and if the fame perfon fhall afterwards be convibled a fecond time for the like offence of uttering, or tending inpayment, or giving in exchange, or paying, or putting off, any such falfe or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, such perfon fhall, for such fecond offence, fuffer two years imprifonment^ and find fureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the faid firfl two years; and if the fame perfon fhall afterwards offend a third time, in uttering or tendering in payment, or giving in exchange, or paying, or putting off, any such falfe or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, and {hall be convibled of such third offence, he or file fhall be adjudged to be guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

V.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon fhall be con- Clerk of the vibted of uttering or tendering any such falfe or counterfeit coin theZ\ac°to as aforesaid, and fhall afterwards be guilty of the like offence in certiT^the ° any other county, city, or place, the clerk of the affize or clerk of convibb'on of the peace for the county, city, or place, where such former convic- any perfon tion fhall have been had, fhall, at the requeft of the profecutor, or * any other on his Majefly’s behalf, certify the fame by a tranf-cript, in few words, containing the effebf and tenor of such convicfion; for which certificate two fhillings and fixpence, and ho more, fhall be paid; and such certificate, being produced in

court, fhall be fufficient proof of such former convibfion.

VI.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty on fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody, without lawful excufe, Perfons any greater number of pieces than five pieces, of falfe or coun~ than^vT^6 terfeit coin, of any kind or kinds, refembling, or made with pieces of intent to refemble or look like, any gold or filver coin or coins counterfeit of any foreign prince, {late, or country, or to pafsas such foreign f°reion coiru coin, every such perfon, being thereof convi(ffed upon the oath

of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before one of his Majefly’s juflices of the peace, (hall forfeit and lofe all such falfe and counterfeit coin, which fhall be cut in pieces, and deflroyed, by order of such jufiice, and fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any fum of money not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than forty fhillings, for every such piece of falfe or counterfeit

coin

. for uttering counterfeit coin.



Jn Prices may .grant warrants for fearching fuf-pedied places for counterfeit foreign coin.

Anno regni tricefimt) feptimo Georgii III. c. 126. [1796.

coin which (hall be found in the cuftody of such perfon, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where such offence (lull be committed ; and in cafe any such penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall be lawful for such juftice to commit the perfon who fhall be adjudged to pay the fame to the common gaol, or houfe of correblion, there to be kept to hard labour, for the fpace of three calendar months, or until such penalty (hall be paid.

VII.  And be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any one juftice of the peace, on complaint made before him, upon the oath of one credible perfon, that there is juft caufe to fufpe<5 that any one or more perfon or perfons is or are, or hath or have been, concerned in making or counterfeiting any such falfe or counterfeit coin as aforesaid, refembling, or made with intent to refemble or look like, any gold or illver coin of any foreign prince, ftate, or country, or to pafs as such foreign coin, by warrant under the hand of such juftice, to caufe the dwelling houfe, room, workfhop, outhoufe, or other building, yard, garden, or other place, belonging to such fufpebled perfon or perfons, or where any such perfon or perfons {hall be fufpedied to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, to be fearched for any such falfe or counterfeit coin, or for tools or implements for coining such falfe or counterfeit coin, or for materials for making or coining the fame; and if any such falfe or counterfeit coin, or ahy such tools or inftruments, or any such materials for making any such falfe or counterfeit coin, (hall be may be feized found in any place fo fearched, or if anv such tools, implements, or materials, fhall be found in the cuftody or pofleflion of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, not having the fame by fome lawful authority, ir fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, difeovering the fame, to feize, and he and they are hereby authorifed and required to feize, such falfe or counterfeit coin, tools, implements, and materials, and to carry the fame forthwith to a judice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where the fame (hall be feized, who fhall caule the fame to be feeured and produced in evidence againd any perfon or perfons who fhall or may be profecuted for any of the offences aforesaid, in fome court of judice proper for the determination thereof; and after such time as any such falfe or counterfeit coin, or any such tools, implements, or materials, fhall have been produced in evidence as aforesaid, as well fo much and such parts thereof as fhall have been fo produced, as every other part thereof lb feized, and not made ufe of in evidence, fhall forthwith, by order of the court where such offender or offenders fhall be tried, or by order of fome juftice of the peace, in cafe there fhall be no such trial, be defaced or deftroyed, or otherwife difpofed of, as such court or such juftice fhall direct.

No proceed- VIII. And be it further enabled, That no proceedings to be touching the convibiion of any offender againft this abb qua\hed°for  before any juflice of,the peace, fhall be quaffed for want of

want of  form, or be removed by writ of Certiorari, or any other writ

form, See.  or

Such counterfeit coin, and tools and materials,

and carried before a juftice, who ihall fecure the fame as evidence, &c.

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 127.  465

or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler.

IX. And be it further enabled, That if any a£Uon or fuit fhall Limitation of be brought oy commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any actions, thing done in purfuance of this a£f, then and in every such cafe the Laid a&ion or fuit fhall be commenced within three calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be brought in the county or place where the caufe of action fhall arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such adion or fuit fo to be brought may plead the general ilTue, and General iffue. give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to' be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it (hall appear to be fo done, or if any such adion or fuit fhall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought in any other county or place as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants, and if upon the trial a verdid fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, -or their adion, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the.defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame Treble cofts. as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law*

CAP. CXXVII.

An afi to Jhorten the time now required for giving notice of the royal

intention of his Majefly, his heirs and fuccejfors, that the parliament  *

fhall meet and be holden for the difpatch of bufnefs; and more effectually to provide for the meeting of parliament in the cafe of a demife of the crown.—[July 19, 1797.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to Jhorten the time now required for Preamble.

giving notice of the royal intention of his Majefly, his heirs or fuccejfors, that the parliament fall jneet and be holden for the difpatch of bufnefs; be it therefore enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefly, by and with' the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That when- His Majefly ever hisMajefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall be pleafed, by and mayifluehis with the advice of the privy council of his Majesty, his heirs or thTmee”-fucceffors, to iffue his or their royal proclamation, giving notice jng 0f parlia.-of his or their royal intention that parliament fhall meet and be ment in not holden for the difpatch of bufinefs on any day being not lefs than lefs than 14 fourteen days from the date of such proclamation, the fame fhall roxn 1 e be a full and fufficient notice to all perfons whatever of such the royal intention of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the parliament fhall thereby ftand prorogued to the day and place therein declared, notwithftanding any previous prorogation of the parliament to any longer day, and notwithftanding any former law, ufage, or pra£tice to the contrary.

Vo l. XLI.  Hh  II.  And

466 Anno reign tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 127. [1796.

II. And whereas by an add, made in the Jixth year of Queen Anne, 6 Anne, c.7.in intituled. An aft for the fecurity of her Majesty’s perfon and go-

part recited, and such part repealed.

Authority for holding a parliament in cafe of the demife of the King between the di Ablution of a parliament

vernment, and of the fucceflion to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protejlant Line; it is amongjl other things enacted. That in cafe there is no parliament in being at the time of the demife of her faid Majefly, her heirs or fucceffors, that hath met and fat, then the lafl preceding parliament /hall immediately convene and ft at Weftminfter, and be a parliament to continue as therein mentioned, to all intents and furpofes as if the fame parliajnent had never been dijfolved,, but fub-jedi to be prorogued and dijfolved as therein provided: and whereas great inconvenience may arfe from the faid provifion, be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That fo much of the faid aft as hereinbefore recited, {ball be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe of the demife of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, fub-fequent to the diftolution or expiration of a parliament, and before the day appointed by the writs of fummons for aflembling a new parliament, then, and in such cafe, the laft preceding parliament (hall immediately convene and fit at Weftminjler, and be a par-

andVhcasern- ^ament>to continue for and during the fpace of fix months, and blingofanew no longer, to all intents and purposes as if the fame parliament had not been diflolved or expired, but fubjeft to be fooner prorogued or diflol ved by the perfon to whom the crown of this realm of Great Britain fhall come, remain, and be, according to the afts for limiting and fettling the fucceflion to the fame.

IV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe of the demife of any such his Majesty’s heir or fucceflor within the faid period of fix months, limited for the duration of the faid laft preceding parliament, and before the fame fhall have been diftolved by such his Majesty’s heir or fucceflor, or after the fame fhall have been fo diftolved, and before a new parliament fhall have met in the manner herein-after provided, then, and in

having diflol v- every such cafe, the faid laft preceding parliament fhall imme-mentCor after  convene and fit, and continue to be a parliament, to all

the fame fhall intents an<^ purposes, for and during fix months longer, to be have been dif- computed from and immediately after such laft-mentioned demife, folved, and but fubjeft to be fooner prorogued or diflolved by the perfon who before a new  then fucceed as aforefaid to the crown of this realm of Great

Britain, and fo as often as any such demife fhall happen before a new parliament fhall have met in manner herein-after provided.

V.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe of the demife of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, on the day appointed by the writs of fummons for calling and affembling a new parliament, or at anytime after such day fo appointed, and before such new parliament fhall have met and fat, such new par-

aiT^da^^fter1' ^ament fhall, immediately after such demife, convene and fit at and beforeTts ^efl^njlcr, and be a parliament, to all intents and purposes, to meeting. continue for and during the term of fix months, and no longer, but fubjeft to be fooner prorogued or diftolved as aforefaid.

CAP.

and alfo in cafe of the demife of a fuccdfor to the crown within fix months after his lucceflion, without his

one fhall have met;

or in cafe of the demife of his Majesty on the day appointed for calling a new

796.] Anno regni tricefirnofeptimo Georgii IU. c. 128—-134.467 CAP. CXXVIII.

An a<5t for afieffing the commiffioners of the tax office, and their officers, to the land tax, in the diftridt called offices executed in Weftminfter hall; notwithftanding the removal of the faid tax office into Somer-iet Place.—[July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXXIX.

An adt for fupplying the borough and town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and the parts adjacent, in the county of Dorfet, with water.—

July 19, 1797.

CAP. CXXX.

An ad: for difcontinuing the new harbour of Rye, in the county of Suffi?*, and for repealing feveralads relating thereto, and for providing for the difchargeof a debt accrued on account thereof; and tor making reparations for certain lolfes ; and for the improvement of the old harbour of Rye.—[July 19, 1797*3

CAP. CXXXI.

An ad for building a bridge over Burfledon river, at or near the ferry of Burfledon, in the county of Southampton; and for making a road from the intended bridge over the river Itchen, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, to the faid bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the faid county of Southampton.—[July 19, 1797.] -

CAP. CXXXII.

An ad for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Saltcoats, in the county of Ayr.—[July 19, 1797.]

CAP. CXXXIII.

An ad for enabling Thomas Macklinto difpofe of his colledion of modern paintings, as now exhibited at his gallery in Fleet-ltreet, by way of chance.—[July 19, 1797.]

2,400 tickets, at 5I. 5s. each ; 76 prizes; to be determined by the drawing of the Rate lottery.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a further additional duty on horfes kept and nfed for the purpose of riding, or of drawing certain carriages therein mentioned.—[July 20, 1797*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the com- Preamble.

mons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raiftng the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s public ex-pences, and making an addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, upon every afleflinent which fhall be m£de from and after

Hlu  the

the fifth day of July one thoufartd seven hundred and ninety-seven, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his

horfe kept above one for riding, or drawing cer-

Duty to be in addition to all former duties,

468 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 134. [1796.

From July 5,

1797, an additional duty

of 5 s, to be  _

paid for each Majesty, his. heirs and fucceffors, the further additional duty following; that is to fay, That every perfon who fhall keep and ufe more than one horfe, mare, or gelding, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, tain carriages, calafh, chaife, or any other carriage, by whatever name such carriage is now, or hereafter may be called or known, for or in refpeCf whereof any rate or duty, heretofore under the management of the commifTioners of excife, and now transferred to and under the management of the commifTioners for the affairs of taxes, is payable, fhall be charged with the further additional annual duty of five (hillings for each such horfe, mare, or gelding.

II. And be it further enaCfed, That the faid additional rate and duty hereby impofed (hall be paid over and above, and in addition to, the refpeCiive rates and duties granted by certain aCfs of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and thirty-fixth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, on horfes, mares, or geldings, Jcept and ufed for the purpose of riding, or drawing any such carriage or carriages as are therein refpeCtively enumerated, and to be fub- III. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid rate or duty by jedt toaol.per this a& impofed, as herein-before is mentioned, fhall be fubieCl

run thp  . . 1  . .. .  _ .  J %

and liable to an additional duty after the rate or twenty pounds per centum per annum on the produce and amount contained in any afleffment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacfled, That, for the better aflefling, levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned duties by this aCt impofed, the commifTioners authorifed or appointed, or who fhall hereafter be authorifed or appointed, for putting in execution the a&s relative to the prefent duties on horfes, mares, and geldings, or any other duties placed under the management of the commifTioners for the affairs of taxes, fhall be commif-fioncrs for executing this prefent a61 with relation to the aforefaid duty, and the powers herein contained, in all and fingular the counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, divifions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpeclively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the feveral furveyors, infpe&ors, af-fefTors, and collectors refpe&ively appointed, or who (hall be appointed in manner aforesaid, fhall be furveyors, infpe&ors, affefTors, and collectors, to put in execution this prefent aCt, according to the refpeCtive powers and authorities given to them by the former aCts herein-before mentioned, or any of them ; and the (aid commiftioners, and other the perfons aforefaid being duly qualified to aCt in the execution of the faid feveral aCts as before mentioned, fhall, and they are hereby refpe&ively empowered and required to do all things neceffary for putting this a& in execution, with relation to the aforefaid rate or duty hereby impofed, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid feveral a&s

relative

cent, on the amount.

Commiffion-ers for taxes to put this a<ft in execution.

179^*1 Ann0 regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 134.  469

relative to the rates and duties on horfes, mares, and geldings, or any matters or things therein refpfcctively contained.

V.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful to and Mode ofmak-for the feveral afleftbrs, in making the afTelTment under this pre- ofTof* fent a£* of the additional duty after the rate of twenty pounds per per cent> ancJ centum.) to afTefs the fum of twenty pounds per centum upon the returning the amount of all the former rates and duties contained in any fame t0 the aflefTment whereon the rates of twenty pounds per centum are im- ^mreiiiion-pofed by any act or acts of parliament, and the rate and duty im~

pofed by this act, in one fum, and by one afTelTment and charge, inftead of diftinct afTefTments and charges, and to return the fame to the refpective commi (Toners, in the manner and under the regulations and directions prefcribed by an act of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefy additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the commijjioners for the affairs of taxes \ and that the refpective colledtors fhall and may colled* and receive the faid duties accordingly.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the firfl FirftafiefT-aiTefhnent under this ad* fhall be made for three; quarters of a rTent to be ^or

t  H  fnt-pp nmr.

year, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and t(.TS) from July ninety-seven ; and that, from and after the fifth day of April one 5, i797; and thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the afTefTments under afterwards for this ac* fhall be made for one year from the fifth day of April in each year; and that the duty fo to be'afTefTed (hall be paid quar- qUart£rly. terly, at the time and in the manner following ; that is to fay,

On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April) the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftober, in every year, by equal portions; the firf* of the faid payments on the faid afteflment for three quarters of a year to be made on the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

VII.  And be it further enacted, That the faid additional rate ^uties to be or duty by this a£* impofed fhall be afTefied, railed, levied, col-'^ others uii-lecled, received, paid over, and accounted for, in such and the <jer the ma_ like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such nagement of penalties, forfeitures, and dilabilities, and according to such the cornnaf* rules, methods, and directions, and fubject to such provifoes and  °r

exemptions by which the former rates and duties on horfes ufed as aforefaid were or might be affefied, raifed, levied, collected, received, paid over, and accounted for, or by any of them, as the* fame now remain in force, and are applicable to the faid additional rate or duty hereby impofed, and are not altered by this act; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions, ctaufes, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts of parliament relative to the former rates and duties on horfes, or any of them, or any ac* or acts therein referred to, now in force, for the afielfing, furcharging, raifing, levying, collecting, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for, the faid rates and duties thereby granted, as far as the fame are applicable* to the rate and duty by this act impofed, and not repugnant thereto, fhall be in force, and be duly obferved, prac-

h h 3  nfccU

Former a&s or this act not to extend

470 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgix III. c. 135, [1796.

tifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the affeffing, furcharging, raifing, levying, colleCl-ing, recovering, receiving, paying, and accounting for, the rate or duty by this aCt granted, as fully and effeClually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, exemptions, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCled in this aCl.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in the faid feveral a&s of the twenty-fourth, twenty-ninth, and to horfc^ufed  years  of  tbe  reign  of  his  prefent  Majesty,  or in any

bylicenfed °* them, or in this aCt contained, (hall be conftrued to extend to perfons in the charge with the duty by the faid feveral a&s or this aCl impofed, drawing of any perfon duly licenfed to keep any carriage whatever to be em-or carCiaaCheS> pl°yec* as a Ptiblick dage coach, or carriage for the purpose of for hire.  conveying paffengers for hire from different places in Great Britain,

in refpeCt of any horfe, mare, or gelding, which is or (hall be ' adually and folely ufed and employed by such perfon in drawing such ftage coach or carriage from place to place for hire; anything in any of the faid a&s, or this a&, contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

Duties to be IX. And be it further ena&ed, That all the monies arifing by c&rritd to the the faid rate or duty hereby impofed, (the neceffary charges of

.r  .  *  r  r  K  n  n  Vi r  •

railing and accounting for the lame excepted), ihall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

X.  Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That the monies arifing or to arife of the duty by this act impofed, or fo much thereof as {hall be fufEcient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increafed charge occaf oned by any loan raifed or flock created, by virtue of any a Cl or aCls palled in this feffion of parliament; and that the faid monies {hall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid Separate * from receipt, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the all other publick revenue; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the monies. office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duty hereby impofed and paid into the faid recept (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted or to be granted in this feffiqn of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

confolidated fund.

Application of duties, which for ten years are, with others granted for the fame purpose, to to be kept

CAP. CXXXV.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, pajjed in tbe thirty-fixth year of his Majejly*5 reign, intituled, An aCl for repealing certain duties on-legacies, and {hares of perfonal eftate, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cafes.—[July 20, 1797.]

WHEREAS

1796.] Annoregni tricefimofeptimoGEORGii III.c. 135,  471

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the thirty fexth year of his Preamble.

prefent Majejly*s reign, intituled, An a61 for repealing 36 Geo. 3. certain duties on legacies, and (hares of perfonal eftates, and for c* granting other duties thereon, in certain cafes 5 it is enafted, 3%} recited. That where, by reafon of the infancy, or abfence beyond the feas, of any perfon entitled to any legacy, or to the refidue of any perfonal ejlate cr any part thereof chargeable with duty by virtue of the faid aft, the perfon or perfons having or taking the burthen of any will or teftamentary injlrument, or the adminif ration of such perfonal efeate, cannot pay such legacy, or fome par't thereof although he, fhe, or they may have effects for that purpose, or cannot pay such refidue, or fome part thereof although he, fhe, or they may have the fame, or fome part thereof in his, her, or their hands; it fhall be lawful for such perfon or perfons to pay such legacy or ref due, or any part or parts thereof refpeftively, or any fum or fums of money on account thereof after deducting the duty chargeable thereon, into the bank of England, with the privity of the accountant general of the court of chancery, to be placed to the account of the perfon or perfons for whose benefit the fame Jhall be fo paid; for payment of which ?noney the faid accountant general Jhall give his certificate, as ufual in such cafes, on production of the certificate of the commijfioners of famps that the duty thereon hath been duly paid, and such payment into the bank fhall be a fufficient difcharge for the money fo paid in, provided the duty be alfo paid thereon as aforefaid; and such money, when paid in, Jhall be laid out by the faid accountant general,. without any formal requejl for that purpose, in the pur chafe of three pounds per centum confolidated annuities, which,, with the dividends thereon, Jhhll be transferred and paid to the perfon or perfons entitled thereto, or otherwife applied for his or their benefit, on application to the court of chancery by petition, or motion in a fummary way: and whereas money paid into the bank of England with the privity of the faid accountant general, in ordinary cafes, cannot according to the forms preferibed for that purpose, be paid by the bank ^TEnaland, upon the draft of the faid accountant general, unlefs the fame Jhall be entered and feigned by the regifler of the faid court of chant ery or one of his deputies; and doubts have been raffed whether the faid regifler or his deputies are authorifed to enter and fign any draft of the faid accountant general for the purpose of laying out money, paid into the bank of England in purfuance of the faid aft, in thepurchafe of three pounds per centum confolidated annuities, as dire ft ed by the faid aft ; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That whenever any fum, of money (hall be paid into the When money bank of England, with the privity of the faid accountant general, banian in purfuance of the faid a£l, the accountant general’s certificate pUrfllance 0f of such payment fhall be filed with the regifler of the faid court the recited of chancery, in the office called The Report Office, in the fame fe&ian, the manner as certificates of payment of money paid into the bank accountant

1  *  C’CnCFcli S

of England, with the privity of the faid accountant general, in certificate purfuance of any order of the faid court, are ufually filed : and to be filed in

H h 4  when  the report



472 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 136. [1796.

♦office, where when.the faid accountant general fhall have drawn any draft on the for Sovernor and company of the bank of England for payment of the money fuc’n m°ney, in the ufuai form, for the purpose of applying the for inveft- fame in the purchafe of three pounds per centum consolidated ments fhall annuities in purfuance of the faid aft, such draft fhall be and ble  car,ied to the faid report office, and entered and figned by the

warrant to regift^r, or one of his deputies, in the fame manner as drafts the bank for drawn by the faid accountant general, in purfuance of any order the payment, of the faid court are ufually entered and figned ; and every such ^c*  draft fo drawn, entered, and figned as aforesaid, fhall he a warrant

to the faid governor and company for payment of the money fpecified in such draft, in the fame manner as drafts of the faid accountant general, drawn, entered and figned in purfuance of any order of the faid court, are warrants to the faid governor and company for payment of money in other cafes; and the faid court of chancery {hall, from time to time, make all and every such orders and order as fhall be necefiary for carrying the purposes of the faid aft, and of this aft, refpefting any money fo to be paid into the bank as aforesaid, into execution; and such orders or order fhall and may be made, either in any particular matter, or for the general purposes of the faid aft, and of this aft, or either of them, as occafion fhall require, and as to the faid court fhall feem fit; and such order or orders of the faid court of chancer}' (hall be fufficient warrant to the faid accountant general, and to the faid regifter, and his deputies and officers, and to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and to all perfon and perfons whomsoever, for ail things which fhall be done in purfuance of any such order or orders, to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An oft to enable the commifjioners of /lamp duties to Jlamp deeds, and ^  other  injlruments, bills of exchange, promijfory and other notes, in

the cafes therein mentioned*—-[July 20, 1797.]

Preamble.  TIT HERE AS deeds and other injlruments cannot be given in

\ V evidence, ncr are in any manner available unlejs Jlamped with the proper {lamps, provided for such purpose: and whereas, from the' variety of Jlamps provided for different purposes, mijlakes have arifen and may again arife in the ufe of JuchJlamps, for want of knowing the proper denomination or value required in particular cafes: and tvhereas in many inf lames such injlruments cannot be Jlamped after execution, without paying accumulated penalties, under afls pajfed from time to time for impofing {lamp duties: be it therefore enabled by the King’s mol! excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fex^Tbffis *ame'> That if any vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon &c.)on > any inftrument, matter, or thing, (except bills of exchange, itamps of promiffory notes, or other notes, drafts, or orders), fhall have been

ox

Hosted,by 

I796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii TIL c. 136.  473

or (hall be engroffed, printed, or written, liable in refpecl thereof a different to be damped with a damp or damps of a particular ^enomj-nation or value, and whereon there is or (hall be impreffed any eqUai 0T damp or damps of a different denomination, but of an equal or greater value greater value with the damp or damps required at the time of than the making, dgning or executing the faid indrument, matter, or proper damp, thing, (hall be produced to the commiflioners of damp duties tjie flamp at their head office of damps or to such officer as the faid office, amt commiffior.ers, or the major part of them, (hall appoint for such payment of purpose, it (hall be lawful far the faid commiflioners, or their ^and 1 officer as aforesaid, in every such cafe, and upon payment of the penalty, may-duty by law payable for such vellum, parchment, or paper in be ftampt refpedi of the indrument, matter, or thing, engroffed, printed, with the or written thereon, at the time such vellum, parchment or paper, Pr0Per ^aniP* (hall be produced as aforesaid, and one penalty of five pounds, to damp, or caufe to be damped, such vellum, parchment, or paper (except as aforefaid), with the proper damp or damps provided and in ufe for the fame, at the time such vellum, parchment, or paper, (hall be produced to be damped as aforesaid, without making any allowance for the damp or damps before marked thereon ; and every indrument, matter, or thing, fo damped, (hall have and be deemed of the like force and validity in the law, as if the fame had been duly damped before such indrument, matter, or thing, had been engroffed, printed, or written thereon ; any former law to the contrary notwithdanding.

II.  And be it further enacded, That where any (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, on which excepted)* any matter or thing (except bills of exchange, promiffory notes, unftamped, or other notes, drafts, or orders) (hall have been engroffed, or on ftarups printed, or written, fhall be brought to the faid commiflioners to °^ le,s tJjan be damped after the fame (hall have been executed, the fame not vafue^mw having been damped with any damp, or having been damped be duly ~ with a damp of lefs value than is by law required, and the perfon ftampt on or perfons producing the fame is dcfirous of having the fame Pay“ie|^ °f duly damped, but the fame cannot, according to the laws in ^ force, be damped without payment of accumulated penalties, for each * exceeding ten pounds befides the duty; that then and in every (km, &c. such cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, to diredl the proper officer or officers, and such officer or officers is and are hereby required to damp the fame on payment of the duty by law payable for such vellum, parchment, or paper, in refpedl of the indrument, matter, or thing engroffed, printed, or written thereon, and one penalty of ten pounds only for every such (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, although the duty payable for the fame (hall have been impofed by more than one a6l of parliament, and notwithdanding the penalties thereupon may have accumulated to a larger fum than the faid fum of te;i pounds ; and every indrument, matter or thing,engroffed, printed, or written, on any vellum, parchment, or paper, fo damped as aforesaid, (hall have, and be deemed of the like force and

validity

474 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 136. [1796.

It inftruments not duly ftampt, without intention of fraud, be brought to be fo ftampt within 60 days after execution, the commiffioners may remit the penalty, &c.

The additional duty impofed by 37 Geo. 3. c. 90, may be ftampt on vellum, &c. ufed before Sept. 29, 1797, which ih-T.ll he brought to the head office before Nov. 1, on payment of duty.

validity in the law, as if the vellum, parchment or paper, fo ftamped, had been duly ftamped before such inftrument, matter, or thing, had been engroffed, printed, or written thereon ; any former law to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in any cafe where it fhall appear to the commiffioners of ftamp duties, upon oath or affirmation, to be made before any one or more of the faid commiffioners of (lamp duties, (which oath or affirmation he is hereby authorifed to adminifter), or otherwife, to their fatisfablion, that any inftrument whatever required by law to be engroffed, printed, or -written, on ftamped vellum, parchment* or paper, hath not been engrolled, printed, or written, on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly ftamped as aforesaid, either by accident or inadvertency, or from urgent necefffty, or unavoidable circumftances, and without any intention in any party or parties thereto, to defraud his Majesty of the duties payable thereon, and such inftrument fhall be brought to the faid commiffioners to be ftamped as aforefaid within fixty days after the making or execution thereof, it fhall be lawful for such commiffioners of ftamp duties to remit the penalty payable on ftamping such inftrument, or any part thereof, as they fhall deem expedient; and every perfon concerned in engroffing, printing, or writing, any such inftrument, or in making or executing the fame, (hall be and is hereby freed, difcharged, and indemnified, from all further penalties and forfeitures, than such penalties or forfeitures or such parts thereof as fhall not be fo remitted by order of the faid commiffioners of ftamp duties.

IV.  And whereas the commiffioners of bis Majefly's ftamp duties have not been able to fupply the different parts of the kingdom with fufficie?2t quantities of vellum, parchment^ and paper^ ftamped with the additional duties granted by an afl of the prefent fejfton of parliament, before the period appointed for the commencement of the faid duties, and feveral perfons have neceffarily ufed inftruments zvithout such jlamps; be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons who fhall have ufed, or fhall at any time before the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninetv-seven, ufe any vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such additional duty is impofed, and which fhall be duly ftamped in the manner required by the laws in force on and immediately before the paffing of the faid abl, to bring or fend the fame to the faid head office at any time before the firft day of November, in order that the fame may be ftamped as aforesaid, on payment of the additional duty granted by the faid abl, and it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners of ftamp duties, or their officers appointed for such purpose, to ftamp the fame, on payment of the faid additional duty only, without any penalty; and all and every perfon and perfons concerned in engroffing, printing, or writing, any matter or thing, on such vellum, parchment, or paper, as aforesaid, or in ufing the fame in manner aforesaid, fhall be and is and are hereby indemnified, freed* and difcharged, from and

agaipft

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii HI. c. 136.  475

againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred thereby before the ftamping the fame in maimer aforefaid.

V.  And whereas by an aCt, pajjed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An adt for repealing the 31 Oeo, 3.  /

duties now charged on bills of exchange, promifTory notes, and c* 25> recited. other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, certain (lamp duties were impojed on bills of exchange, promiffory notes, and other notes r effectively; and it was thereby enacted. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, before any bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, liable io any ftamp duty by the faid aid impojed, Jbould be engrojffed, printed, or written thereon, Jbould be brought to the head office for jlampingJuch vellum, parchment, and paper; and that it Jbould not be lauful for the commiffioners for managing the duties on Jlamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or their officers, toft amp any vellum, parchment, or paper, at any time after any bill of exchange, pro?niffory ncte, or other note, draft or order,, Jbould be written thereon, under any pretence what-Joever: be it further enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful gXIc^ge for any perfon or perfons, who dial] be the holder or holders of made after any bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or palling this order, made after the palling of this acl, and liable to any ftamp hable to duty by virtue of the faid recited a<51, which fhall be damped r^e(j with a ftamp of a different denomination than is required by the a(^? if on faid acf, if the fame fliall be of equal or fuperior value to the ftamps of an ftamp required, to produce the fame, or caufe the fame to be or produced, within the refpeftive times herein-after mentioned, [hou^of ^ to the commiffioners appointed to manage the faid duties at the different dehead office of ftamps in Middlefex, or to iuch officer or officers as nominations the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, fliall by than the legal writing under ther hands, appointed for such purpose; and ft be^roperl^y fliall and may be lawful for such commiffioners to direft the ftampt, on7 proper officer or officers, and such officer or officers is and are payment of hereby required, upon payment of the duty payable on such tile duty and vellum, parchment, Or paper, by the laid recited aft, and iuchafirK penalty as is herein-after mentioned, over and above the faid duty, to mark or ftamp such bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, with the proper mark or ftamp, and to give a receipt for the duty and penalty fo paid on the back of such bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, fo ftamped ; and every such bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, fo ftamped, fliall have and be deemed of the like force and validity in the Jaw, as if the fame had been duly ftamped according to the directions of the faid recited aft; and all and every perfon or perfons procuring such bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft* or order, to be ftamped as directed by this aft, fhall be and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from and againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reafon of such bill of exchange, promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, not having been duly ftamped according to the directions of the faid aft.

VI. And

476 Annoregni tricefimo feptimoGEORGiiIILc. 137 —139.[1796.

Penalty to be VI* And be it further enacted, That if any such bill of paid on  exchange,  promiffory note, or other note, draft, or order, (hall be

^ Pr°duced to faid commiffioners before the fame (hall be payable according to the tenor and effect thereof, the fame fhall *  be  (lamped  on  payment  of  the faid duty, and the penalty of forty

(hillings; but in cafe such bill of exchange, promiffory .note, or other note, draft, or order, (hall be, payable according to the tenor and effect thereof, before the production thereof to the faid commiffioners for the purpose before mentioned, then the fame fhall not be (lamped, unlefs on payment of the duty and the fum of ten pounds for the faid penalty.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An a<5t to continue an ad made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An ad to revive and continue' for a limited time, and amend an ad, paffed in the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An ad to allow the banks, and certain ban king , companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iffue notes for fums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all- perfons who have ilfued notes for fmall fums of money in that part of the united kingdom, for a limited time.—[July 20, 1797.]—Continued until thirty days after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An ad to amend ad, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An ad for better Securing the freedom of eledions of members to ferve in parliament, by difabling certain officers, employed in the colledion or management of his Majesty’s revenues, from giving their votes at such eledions, by extending the provifion thereof to perfons voting in any meeting of freeholders for prefes or clerk, or on any queftion relative to the adjuftment of the roll offreeholders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empowering freeholders to adminifter the oath of 'truft and poffeffion to perfons offering to vote for prefes and clerks.—[July 20, 1797-3

Preamble. 37 Geo. c. 6. and

CAP. CXXXIX.

An aft for allowing a further time for carrying into execution certain . powers contained in two afts of the prefent fejfwn of parliament, for raifing a provifional cavalry, fo far as the. Jame relate to the regif-lering and accepting of volunteers in lieu of the faid proviftonal cavalry, in such counties, and fubclivifions of counties, wherein the faid afts have not been carried into execution.—[July 20, 1797.]

WHEREAS by an aft^pajfed in the prefent fejjion of parliament, intituled, An ad tor enabling his Majeity to raife a pro-vifional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in cafe of neceffity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms, certain provifions are made for raifing, in the fever al counties, ridings, and places, in that part of Great Britain called England, a body of cavalry for his Majefys fervice, to be kept in readinefs to be called out into aftualfervice when-ever it Jhall be necejfary, in order to repel any invafion that might be attempted by the enemies of the country: and whereas, by another aft,

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 140.  477

pajfed in the fame feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to explain c. 23, recited, and amend an aft, made in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, cAn aft for enabling his Majesty to raife a provifional force of cavalry, to be embodied in cafe of neceffity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms/ powers are givento the deputy lieutenants arid juflices of the peace, aiding in the execution of the faid afts^ for any fubdivifion of any county, ridings or divifeon, to fufpend the further execution of thefaidfirfl-mentioned aft within such fubdivifion, in cafe three fourth parts of the whole number of men to be rafed within such fubdivifion Jhould be regijlered, within a time therein limited, as volunteers, rafed and formed under the authority of an aft pajfed in the thirty fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for encouraging and difciplining such eorps or 34 Geo. 3. companies of men as fhall voluntarily enrol themfelves for the c* 31* defence of their counties, towns, or coafts, or for the general defence of the kingdom during the prefent war; and alfo to fufpend , the operation of the faid aft, as to clafflng and ballotting for the faid provifional cavalry, in cafe any number of such volunteers Jhould be regiflered for particular claffes: and whereas certain counties, and fubdivifions of counties, have not proceeded to execute the firfl-mentioned aft: and it is expedient to allow a further time for regifering volunteers under the authority of the faid aft of the thirty fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, in order that the execution of the faid firfl-mentioned aft may be fufpended in such fubdivifions and claffes refpeftively, in the manner dir eft ed by and under the terms contained in the lafl-mentioned aft of the prefent feffion of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all the pcwers, proviftons, claufes, matters, Powers of and things, in the faid laft-mentioned aft of the prefent feffion of 37 Geo. 3. parliament contained, with refpeft to the approving and regifter- approving0 ing of volunteers raifed or formed under the authority of the and regifter-faid aft of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent ing volunteers Majesty, within the time therein limited, and to the fufpending  under

the further execution of the faid afts of the prefent feffion °f ^31 e°nd*to parliament, or either of them, in the manner therein direfted, fufpending fhall be, and the fame are hereby extended and declared to be in the further full force, until and upon the firft day of Oftober one thousand execution of seven hundred and ninety-seven, in all and every the faid coun- 6 ^nd3^ ties, and fubdivifions of the faid counties, in which the faid extended to* afts of the prefent feffion of parliament have not been executed; Oft. 1, 1797, any thing in the faid afts contained to the contrary notvvith- *n certain ftandingf  countlcs*

CAP. CXL.

An aft to enable his Majefly more eafily and effeftually to grant conditional pardons to perfons under fentence by naval courts martial, and to, regulate mprifonment under Jucb fintences.—[July 20,

*7970  .  „  „

WHEREAS

478 Anno regni triceixmo feptimo Georgii III. c. 140. [1796.

Preamble.  "TXT HE RE AS it is expedient to provide more effectually for the

V V performance of the conditions upon which his Majefly may be gracioujly pleafed to grant conditional pardons to offenders liable to the punijhment of death by fentence of 'naval courts martial; be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and, with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if his iVIajefty fhall be gracioufly pleafed to extend his mercy to any offender liable to the punifh-ment of death by the fentence of a naval court martial, upon condition of tranfportation, or of tranfporting himfelf beyond Teas, or upon condition of being imprifoned within any gaol in Great Britain, or on condition of being kept to hard labour in

If his Majesty fhall extend his mercy to per fon s liable to' death by the fentence of a naval

court martial, any gaol or houfe of correction, or penitentiary houfe* or on any river, under the direction of any fuperintendant or fuperinten-dants legally appointed for the charge of offenders fentenced to hard labour on such river, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the king’s bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer, of the degree of the coif, upon such intention of mercy as aforefaid being notified in writing by one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, to allow to such offender the benefit of such conditional pardon as fhall be expreffed in such notification, in the fame manner as if a conditional pardon had paffed for that purpose under the great feal; and thereupon whenever any such pardon fhall be granted to any such offender upon condition of tranfportation, or of tranfporting himfelf, such juftice or baron fhall make an order for the tranfportation of luch offender upon the terms and for the time which fhall be Specified in such notification, and (hall alfo make such other order or orders, and do all such other adts

a juftice of the king’s bench, <Scc. rnay, on notification from the fecretary of ftate, allow the benefit of such conditional pardon as if it had paffed under the great feal, and fhall make orders accordingly.

confequent upon the fame, as any such juftice or baron is authorised to make or do by an act, paffed in the twenty-fourth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the effeftual tranfportation of felons, and other offenders, and to authorife the removal ofprifoners, in certain cafes \ and for other purpojes therein mentioned, with refpedt to offenders in such adt mentioned, tried at any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery in England, as in the faid adt mentioned ; and such order and orders fo to be made as aforesaid, and all such adts as fhall be fo done as aforesaid, fhall be obeyed and done by such perfon in whose cuftody such offender fhall 2t that time be, and all other perfons whom it may concern, and fhall be as effectual, and have all the fame con Sequences, as any order made under the authority of the faid a<51 with refpedt to any offender in the faid adt mentioned; and whenever any such pardon fhall be fo granted as aforefaid to any offender liable to the punifhment of death by the fentence of a naval court martial as aforesaid, upon condition of being imprifoned within any gaol in Great Britain, or on condition of being kept to hard labour in any houfe of correction, or penitentiary houfe, or on condition of being kept to hard labour, during any fpecified term, oq any river, under the direction and management of any fuperintendant or fuperintendants legally appointed as

aforefaid,

 vjjOCK^IC

479

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 140

aforefaid, and such pardon (hall have been allowed in manner aforefaid by any such juftice or baron as aforesaid, such juftice or baron fhall order such offender to be imprifoned or kept to hard labour in the manner and for the time which fhall be fpecified in the notification of such conditional pardon from such fecretary of ffate as aforesaid, and fhall make such order or orders, and do all such other a£ts confequent thereupon, as any juftice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery is authorifed to make or do by an a<£I, paffed in the nineteenth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft to explain and amend the laws relating to tranfportation, imprifonment, and other punifloment of certain offender r, with refpedt to offenders mentioned in the fa id a6t, and to whom conditional pardons may be granted, as in the faid a£t mentioned; and such order or orders when made, and all such other a6l and adts when done, by any such juftice or baron as aforesaid, fhall be as effectual, and have all the fame confe-quences, as any order made for the like purpole under the authority of the laft mentioned a£t, with refpedt to any offender in such a£t mentioned; and every fheriff, gaoler, keeper, governor, or fuperintendant, whom it may concern, and all con-ftables and other perfons (hall be bound to obey the aforefaid order and orders, be aftiftant in the execution thereof, and be liable to the fame punifhment for difobedience or interrupting the execution of the fame, as they would be if the fame had been made under the authority of the aforefaid a£fs refpe&ively; and every perfon to-whom such conditional pardon fhall be extended, fhall be fubjedf refpedlively to all and every the provifion and provifions made by law and now in force concerning perfons convidted of any crime and receiving his Majesty’s pardon on any such condition as aforefaid.

II.  And be it further enaefted, That when any offender liable The juftice or to the punifhment of death bv the fentence of any naval court aIlow"

1  j  j  inp* fhp nar-

martial as aforesaid, (hall receive and be allowed his Majesty’s to dire<ft pardon in mannef aforesaid, the juftice or baron who fhall allow the notifica-fuch pardon, and make any such order as aforefaid under any such tion and order notification of his Majesty’s intention as aforesaid, ftnli diredt the faid notification, and his own order made thereupon, to be 0f the crown filed in the office of the clerk of the crown of his Majesty’s court of the court of of king’s bench, and to be there kept of record; and the faid king's bench, clerk of the crown fhall receive a fee of two (hidings and fix pence, and no more, for filing the fame.

III.  And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any offender When an of-

fhall be ordered, by virtue of this a£t, to be itnoiifoned or to be ffncie,r 1S,or~

* j ^  *  1  dered to be

kept to hard labour in any such manner as aforesaid, the clerk of jmprir0ned,

the crown fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the perfon or kept to

in whose cuftody such offender fhall at that time be, a certificate hard labour,

in writing under his hand, (not taking for the fame more than ^ cmwiTto

two (hillings and fixpence over and above what he has received deliveruTthe

for filing the faid notification and order),-containing an account perfon in

of the chriftian name and furname of such offender, of his of- whole cuftody

fence, of the place where the court was held, before whom he certffi'ateof

was convicted, and of the time for which, the place where, and ^

:he



Le

480 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 140. [1796,

offence, &c. -the manner in which, he fhall be ordered to be imprifoned, or to ?n<i (hC\) JTr* ^cePt to ^arc^ ^a^our» ]n any such manner as aforefaid ; and the ver him and' Per^on having the cuftody of such. offender fhall, with all conve-thecertificate nient fpeed after receiving such certificate as aforesaid, convey to the gaoler, such offender, or caufe him to be conveyed, to the houfe, prifon, or place, to which he fhall fo be diredled to be conveyed, and fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, such offender, together with such certificate, to the gaoler, keeper, governor, or fuper-intendant, as the cafe may be, or to such perfon as such gaoler, keeper, governor, or fuperintendant, fhall appoint; and the perfon to whom such offender fhall be fo delivered fhall give a proper receipt, in writing under his hand, to the perfon fo delivering such offender, for the difeharge of such perfon, and such certificate fhalj be kept by the perfon to whom such offender fhall be fo delivered, as his warrant and authority for keeping such offender in his cufiody for such term, and in such manner, as fhall be therein fpecified.

The clerk of IV. And be it further enacted, That the faid clerk of the the crown, on crown of his Majesty’s court of king’s bench fhall, upon the to deliver^ application of any such offender who fhall accept his Majesty’s certificate of pardon, or of any other perfon applying on his behalf, or on the the name, of- application of any perfon on behalf of his Majesty, to deliver a conTidio^ certl^ca^e {n writing under his hand, (not taking for the fame and terms of more than two fhillings and fixpence), containing an account of pardon, which the chriffian name and furname of such offender, of his offence, fhall be proof. Gf the place where the court was held, before whom he was con-vi6fed, and of the terms and conditions on which his Majeffy’s pardon was extended to him, which certificate fhall be fufficient proof of the conviflion and fentehce of such offender, and alfoof the terms on which such pardon was granted to him, in any court, and in any proceeding wherein it maybe necefiary to enquire into the fame.

His Majesty V. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful

may remove for j^s Mayfly to remove any offender under fentcnce of death offenders un*  j  j  j  .

der fentence bv any naval court martial, but reprieved during his Majesty’s

of death by a plealure, or under order of tranfportation by virtue of this a£l, or naval court, jn confinement under fentence of any court martial, to such place, ^offend’ *n marmer> with such reftrieftions, as'he is empowered crsVo repriev- t0 d° with refpect to offenders under fentence of death, but reed, are re mo v- prieved during his Majesty’s pleafure, or under fentence or order ed by 24 Geo. 0f tranfportation by the faid adt, paffed in the twenty-fourth year 3. felf. a. 0f his Mnjefty’s reign, intituled, An afi for the effectual tr'anfporta-s* touch tWn fe^ons^ an^ °t^er offenders,, and to authoiffe* the removal of ing efcape of pr[foners, in certain cafes ; and for other purpojes therein fpecified. felons under VI. And be it further enabled, I hat if any offender under fentence of fentence of death by a naval court martial as aforesaid, fhall be death to^ap-^ a)lowed the benefit of such conditional pardon as aforesaid, all ers unde/like anc^ ever7 t^le laws now in force touching the efcape of felons fentence by a under fentence of death fhall apply to such offender, and to all naval court, perfons aiding, abetting, or aflifting, in any efcape, or intended if allowed the efcape5 of any such offender, or contriving any such efcape, from conditional  when  such order fhall be made by such juftice or baron

pardon.

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 141, 142. 481

as aforesaid, and during all the feveral proceedings which (hall be had for the purposes aforefaid.

CAP. CXLI.

fin aft to enable the deputy of the clerk of the houfe of commons ^for the time being, to fend and receive letters and packetsfree from the duty of pojlage.—y 20, 1797.]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the fifth year of the reign Preamble.

of his prefent Majefiy, for allowing certain, rates of pojlage, s Geo. 3. and for other purposes, the clerk of the houfe of commons, for the time c. 35. being, is author fed io fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of pojlage; be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual jepUty and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, Qf the clerk and by the authority of the fame. That it ihall and may be law- of the houfe ful for the deputy of the clerk of the houfe of commons, for the time being, to fend and receive letters and packets free from the ^ceive^tt-11 duty of poftag-e, in like manner as the clerk of the houfe of ters, Scc. free commons is authorifed to do by virtue of the faid aft.  from polhge.

II.  And be it further enabled, Thar this aft Ihall be deemed Commence-and taken to have commencement from the eleventh day of July of the one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.  a(^*

CAP. CXL1I.

An aft for the better adminifiration of jufiice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay ; and for preventing Britifh fubjefts from being concerned in loans to the native princes in India.—[July 20, 1797.3

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the thirteenth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled. An aft for eftablifhing *3 Geo. 3. certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the c*

Eafi India company, as well in India as in Europe, it was enafted.,

That it Jhould be lavjful for his Majefiy, by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to ere ft and efiablijh a fupreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to confifi of a chief jufiice and three other jufiices, being barrifiers 0/* England or Ireland, of not lefs than five years fianding, to be named from time to time by his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccefjors: and whereas by the faid aft, and by divers other afts of parliament, certain jurifdiftions, powers, and authorities, were given to the faid court to be exercfed in the manner therein dire ft ed: and whereas it may be expedient that the number of judges Jhould be reduced; be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual Qn the death, and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, &c. of any of and by the authority of the fame, That _ immediately after the the puifne death, reiignation, or removal, of any of the puifne judges of jlw^es of th<4 the faid fupreme court, that the office of one of the faid puifne o^u^cature judges (hall be and the fame is hereby fuppreffed ; and from and in Bengal, it immediately after such death,- reftgnation, or removal, the faid fha 11 con fill of

fupreme court (hall conlift of‘a chief juftice, and two other a chiefjuftice VT T  *  T :  J  •  ,  and two

VOL. XLI.  '  I 1  judges  other judges.

*

His Majesty may direct the payment of a yearly lum out of

482 Annoregni tricefimofeptimoGe0rgx 1 III. 142. [1796.

judges only; and all powers, jurifdi&ions, and authorities what-loever, (ball, from and after such period as aforesaid, be enjoyed and exercifed by the faid chief juftice and other judges, in as full and ample a manner as the fame might have been held, enjoyed, and exercifed, by the faid fupreme court under the authority of the faid herein-before recited acft, or any other a6t or a&s of parliament, or under the charter of jutllce, granted by his Majesty under the authority of the fame.

II. And whereas his Majesty has by law no power to direU the application of any part of the revenues of the territorial acquisitions in India, as a provifibri for a chief juftice, or other judge, of the faid fupreme court, who, from infirmity, or other caufes approved of by his Majesty, may return to Europe : and whereas it is expedient that such power, to a limited extent, be veftedin his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors; be it therefore Onadled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the death, refignation, or removal, of one of the judges of the faid fupreme court, and the fuppreftion of the faid office in the manner herein-before dire&ed, that it fhall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and/ucceflb'rs, ;b'y the territorial warrant under his royal iign manual, to authorife and diredl the revenues, to payment of a competent yearly fum out of the revenues arifmg hce o/other" ^rom t^e territorial acquifitions in India, to be applied for the ufe judge return- and behoof of any chief juftice or other judge, who, from age, ing to Europe, infirmity, or other caufe, to be approved of by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, fhall return to Europe.

Not more  IIL Provided always, That it fhall not be lawful for his

^r^ni^Tobe  heirs  or  fucceftors, to authorife the payment of any

Fo%aidnto0any l'arger hum for the ufe and behoof of any chief juftice fo returning chief juftice, as aforesaid, than the fum of two thousand pounds per annum, or of any other judge, than the fum of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum; nor fhafl it be lawful for his Majesty to authorife the payment of any fum whatever to any perfon who has not refided in India as judge of the faid fupreme court for the fpace of feveri years; nor fhall it be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, to authorife the payment of any fum which, with the fums already directed and authorifed to be paid, at the date of such grant, ihal], in the whole, -exceeed the amount of the falary now-paid to one of the puifne judges of the laid fupreme court.

IV.  And whereas, by the charter of juftice -granted by his Majesty, under the authority of the herein-before recited all, paftfed in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majesty s reign, the faid fupreme court of judicature was direfled and required to reduce, or caufe to be reduced, to writing, the depofttions of witnejfes in civil caufes, and was directed to require the fame to be fubfcribed by such witneffes, with their name or other mark, and to file the fame of record: and whereas by the faid charter of juftice, it was alfo dire died that no appeal fhould be allowed from the faid jupreme court of judicature, un lefts the value of the matters in dijpute exceed the fum of one thousand pagodas: and whereas the requiring the depofitions of witnejfes to be reduced into writing, and filed of record, is productive of much expence and delay in fmall caufes,

where

nor more than 1,500!. per ann. to any other judge, nqr to any that has not refided in India as a judge for seven years, See,

#

)y 

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo GEORGii III. c. 142.  483

where the value of the matter in difpute does not exceed one thousand pagodas, and 'which, for that reafon, cannot be made the fubjedf of The fupreme appeal; be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the paffing thematTe/in of this a<ft, it (hall be in the difcretion of the faid fupreme court, difpute does in all cafes when the value of the matter in difpute does not noc exceed exceed one thousand pagodas, either to dire£f the deposition of i,ooopagodas, witnefies to be reduced into writing, and filed of record, or not,  to

as the faid court (hall think fit, in the particular cafe; any be fled of thing in the faid charter of j uftice contained to the contrary not- record, or withstanding.  not*

V.  And whereas, by the faid herein before recited a St, it was enr ailedy that his Majesty might, by charier or letters patent, effiQbliJh a fupre?ne court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, in the man-ner, and zvith the powers in the faid a St mentioned; and it was alfo enaSted, that the fupreme court fo to be ereSled jhould have power to appoint clerks and other miniffierial officers, with such reafonable falaries, as Jhould be approved of by the governor general and council: and vjhereas his Majefly did iffiue his royal letters patent, for erecting a fupreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal; and, among other things, power was given to the faid fupreme court, from time to time, as occafion Jhould require, to appoint such clerks and mini-flers as Jhould be neceffiary for the adminijlration of juftice, and the execution of the authorities granted to the court, which faid officers and clerks were to receive such reafonable falaries as the faid fupreme court Jhould appoint for each office and place refpeStively, and as the governor general and council Jhould approve: (2nd whereas the faid fupreme court did appoint certain clerks and minijlers, with falaries, which were approved of by the governor" general and council: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the faid falaries fo appointed and approved .of as afore faid, can be reduced or altered, or -any of the faid offices abolijhed or fuppreffied, without the authority of parliament: and ivhereas the falaries paid by the Eaft India company to the clerks and minijlers of the fupreme court, amount to a large fum, and yet never-thelefs the faid clerks and minijlers have, and do receive, fees for all bufmefs done by them in the faid court: and whereas it may be expedient that the faid falaries Jhould be reviewed, and that power Jhould be given to alter the fame if neceffiary; be it therefore enadfed, That The court of ' it Shall and may be lawful for the court of directors of the united dire&°rs ma^ company of merchants trading to India to diredt the chief juftice chkf juftice of the faid fupreme court to iffue a precept or order, directed to toifluea pre-all and each of the officers, clerks, and minifters of tire fupreme cept to the court of judicature at Fort PFilliam in Bengal, calling upon them officers otthc and each of them to make a return upon oath, which oath faid chief juftice, or any of the judges of the faid fupreme court, make a re-are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, of the amount turn, on oath, of the falary received by such officer and officers, and alfo a lift °f their fala-of the fees to which he or they are entitled, together with the nes an atnount of the fame, which have been received by such officer for the three years next immediately preceding the date of the faid precept or order.

1 i 2  VI. And

falfe return to forfeit their offices.

484 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georcii III. c. 142. [1796.

Officers of the VI. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every court to make £]crh? officer, and minifter of the faid fupreme court, {hall pay the precept in ^ue °bedience to the faid order or precept, and make a true 20 days, and return to the fame within twenty days next after the date of the for making a fame ; and if any such officer, minifter, or clerk fhall be guilty of making a falfe return, or lhall not fet forth in the fame the full amount of the (alary, fees, perquifites,and emoluments which he lhall have received for the 3aft three years, and each or any part of the fame during which he fhall have been in office ; then and in such cafe, such officer fhall, upon being duly convicted thereof, forfeit his faid office, and be for ever incapable of holding any office in the faid fupreme court or in the fervice of the faid united company.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the chief juffice and other judges of the faid fupreme court, fhall, as foon as they conveniently can after the receipt of the faid returns, take the fame into their confideration, and report to the governor general in council, under their hands and feals, which of the faid offices are, in their opinion, proper to be continued, and what is the proper falary to be allowed to each of the fame, and whether any retrenchment can, with propriety, be made therein, with their reafons for the fame; and in cafe the faid chief juffice and the -.other judges, or any of them, fhall not agree refpedbing the faid report, then such of the faid judges as do diffent from the opinion of the majority lhall alfo reporr, under his or their hands and If the council feals, his or their opinion, with the reafons thereof; and in cafe agree with the tiie governor general in council do agree with the majority of the fpcdinJre- faid'fupreme court concerning the extent of the faid retrench-trenchments, ment, if any can be made therein, the faid governor general in they are to be council fhall, and they are hereby empowered to alter, abridge, made, lubjebt or ffiaolifh, all or any of the faid offices and falaries which to them *  lhall fo feem proper to be altered, or abridged, or abolifhed, at

luch time and times, and in such manner as they fhall think fit, fubjedt nevertheless to such orders and directions as they fhall receive from the court of directors concerning the fame; but in

Judges to take returns into confideration, ' and report to the governor general in council what offices ffiouid be continued, and the falaries.

to the orders of the court of directors, who are alfo to decide if the council and judges difagree.

Jt'a vacancy occur before the report is made, it is to be filled up pravilionaily.

cafe the faid governor general in council fhall difagree with the faid report from the majority of the faid court, or any part thereof, then such parts of the faid report, as are the fubjedis of difference between the faid governor general in council and the faid fupreme court, fhall be fufpended, and fhall not be carried into execution, but the fame fhall be tranfmitted home for the ultimate decifion of the court of directors refpefting the fame, who fhall give such orders refpedting the fame as they fhall think fit: provided always. That, fromand after thepaffmg of this aeff, and until the laid report fhall be made and confidered as is herein-before directed, if any vacancy lhall occur in any of the offices or places under the laid fupreme court, which are herein directed to be reviewed, the fame fhall be filled up by the judges of the faid fupreme court provifionally only, and a perfon or perfons fhall be by them appointed to do the duty of the faid office until the faid report fhall be made; and such office or offices fhall be

liable

1796.] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgei III. c. 142.  485

liable to be reduced, or the falaries altered, if neceflary, in the fame manner as if they were actually vacant at the time of making such report.

VIII.  And vahereas certain regulations for the better adminifixation of jufice a?nong the native inhabitants and others, being within the provinces ^/'Bengal, Bahar, and OrifTa, have been from time to time framed by the governor general in council in Bengal; and among other regulations it has been ejlablifhed and declared as effential to the future projperity of the Britilh territories in Bengal, that all regulations^ paffed by government, affecting the rights, properties, or per-fons of the Ju fields, fnould be formed into a regular code, and printed, with tranflations, in the country languages, and that the grounds of every regulation be prefixed to it; and that the courts ofjufice within the provinces be bound to regulate their decifions by the rules and ordinances which such regulations may contain,whereby the native inhabitants may be made acquainted with the privileges and immunities granted to them by the Britifh government, and the mode of obtaining fpeedy redrefs for any infringement of the fame: and whereas it is effential that fo u)ife andfalutary a provifion Jhould befriflly obfervedand that it Jhould not be in the power of the governor general in council to negledl or to difpenfe with the fame; be it therefore enadled, That Regulations of all regulations which fhall be iffued and framed by the governor the g°ve.rnor general in council at Fort William in Bengal, affe£ling the rights,  ^ich

perfons,or property, of the natives, or of any other individuals who affed the na-may be amenable to the provincial courts of juftice, fhall be re- tives or others1 giftered in the judicial department, and formed into a regular code, and printed, with tranflations, in the country languages, jyftice^o^e and that the grounds of each regulation fhall be prefixed to itj printed, with and all the provincial courts of judicature fhall be, and they are tranflations,' hereby directed to be bound by and to regulate their decifions by jR^e^coun^Y such rules and ordinances as fhall be contained in the faid regu-lations; and the faid governor general in council fhall annually tranfmit to the court of directors of the Eafi India company ten copies of such regulations as may be paffed in each year, and the fame number to the board of commiffioners for the affairs of India.

IX.  And whereas his late majefly King George the Second did. Recital of by his letters patent, bearing date at Welt min ft er the eighth day January, in the twenty-fixth year of his reign, grant unto the united the" Second*^ company of merchants trading to the Eaft Indies, his royal charter, thereby, amongf other things, confituting, and efablijhing courts of civil, criminal, and ecclefiajlical jur if diction, at the jaid united company s fettlements at Madras Patnam and Bombay in the ifland of Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal : and whereas the faid charter., in Jg far as it rejpefis the admithfhation of jufice at Fort William in Bengal, has been altered and changed by an all, paffed in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefys reign, intituled, An a (ft for eftablifhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaf India company, as well in India as in Europe: and whereas the faid charter dees not f(efficiently provide for the due admin fration of jufice in such manner as the fate aqfi condition of the company's fettlements at Madras Patnam and Botri* 'r V ;

1 ‘ 3  '  ba3V



Zojgte

4B6 Anno regni fricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 142,. [1796.

His Majesty bay, do and mufi require: be it therefore enabled, That it fhall court^oHu- anc* may be 'awIu' tor his Majesty, by charter or letters patent dicature at under the great feal of Great  ,  to  erect  and  eftablifh a

Madras and court of judicature at Madras and Bombay refpediively, which Bombay, to (hall confift of the ma'yor and three of the aldermen reddent at may<^ °three t^e ^ai<* fettlements of Madras and Bombay refpedtively for the aldermen, and tiiiie being; which aldermen fhall, from time to time* be felecled a recorder, in such manner as (hall be directed and prefcribed by his Majesty who (hallbe a in the faid charter, together with one other perfon at each of the be^pmnnted ^aic* fettlements, to be named from time to time by his Majesty, by his Ma- his heirs faccefTors, which faid perfon (hall be a bsrrifter of jefty.  England or Ireland, of not lefs than five years (landings which

faid perfon fo appointed fhall be the prefident of the faid court, and (hall be {tiled The Recorder of Madras and Bombay refpec-tively; which faid courts of judicature fhall have, and the fame are hereby declared to have, full power and authority to exercife arid perform all civil, criminal, and ecclefiaftical, and admiralty jurifiliation, and to appoint such minifterial officers as may be nCdeflary, and to form and eftablifh such rules of pra6tice, and such rules for the procefs of the faid court, and to do all such other things as (hall be neceffary for the adminiftration of juftice and the due execution of all or any of the powers which (hall or may, bv the faid charter, be committed to the faid courts; and the fame fhall alfo be at all times courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery in and for Fori Saint George, and the town of Madras, and the limits thereof, and the factories fubordinate thereto, and in and for the town and ifland of Bombay, and the limits thereof, and the factories fubordinate thereto refpedtively. Extent of their  X. Provided nevertlielefs, and be it further enadled, That the

jurifdidtiom faid new charter, which his Majesty is hereby empowered to grant, and the jurifdidlion, powers, and authorities, to be thereby eftablifhedj fhall extend to all Briiijh fubjedls who fliall refide within any of the fadlories fubjedf to or dependant upon the governments of Madras and Bombay refpedtively; and the faid charter fhall be competent and efFedtual, and the faid courts therein and thereby eftablilhed (hall have full power and authority, according to their refpedtive jurifdidtions, to hear and determine all and all manner of complaints againft any of his Majesty’s fubjedls, for any crimes, mifilemeanots, and oppreffions, committed or to be'committed, and alfo to hear and determine all fuits and adfions whatfoever againft any of his Majesty’s fub-jedts arifing in territories fubiedf to or dependant upon the faid governments of Madras and Bombay refpedtively, or within any of the territories which now are or hereafter may be fubjedf to or dependant upon the faid governments, or within any of the dominions of the native princes of India in alliance with the faid governments refpedtively, or againft anv perfon who at the time when such debt or caufe of adtion fhall have arifeft, have been employed by, or fhall have been ditedfly or indiredtly in the Court not  of  the  united  company,  or  any  of  his  Majesty’s  fubjedls;

competent to provided always. That the faid court fhall not be competent to /  hear.

1796-] Anno regni trieefimo feptimo Geqrgii III. c. 142.  487

hear, try, and determine any i-ndidment or information again# try inforrna-the governor, or any of the council, not being treafon or felony, which the governor or any of "the council at Madras or Bombay c/council*1,0** refpedively fliall or may be charged with having committed except for within the jurifdidian of the faid courts refpedively.  treafon or

XI.  And be it further enacted. That the faid courts, fo to be felony* ereded as aforesaid, fhall have full power and authority to hear, ^0U^S^J try, and determine all and all manner of fuits and adions, either ^ich, by.* civil or criminal, which by the authority of any ad or ads of authority of parliament may now be heard, tried, or determined by the parliament, mayor’s courts at Madras or Bombay refpedively, or by the courts of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery there; and all powers, may0r>g authorities, and jurifdidions, of what kind or nature foever, courts, or which by any ad or ads of parliament may be or are direded to courts of be exercifed by the faid mayor’s courts, or the faid courts of oyer °y.er aild ter-and terminer and gaol delivery, fhall and may be as fully and mmer* effectually exercifed by the faid courts, to be ereded in the manner aforesaid, as the fame might have been exercifed and enjoyed by the faid mayor’s courts or courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery refpedively : providedalways, That nothing in this Thegovernor, ad fhall extend to fubjed the perfon of the governor, or any of council, and the council at the refpedive fettlements, or the perfon of the the°court°not recorder of the faid court, to be arrefted or imprifoned in any fubjed to fuit, adion, or proceeding in the laid court; nor fhall it bearreft. competent for the faid courts, within their refpedive jurifdic- Jurifdidion of tions, to hear or determine, or to entertain and exercife jurif- the courts not didion in any fuit or action again# the governor or any of council at the faid fettlements of Madras and Bombay refpedively, j-ers# for or on account of any ad or order, or any other ad, matter, or thing whatfoever, coundlled, ordered, or done by them in their publick capacity, or ading as governor and council; nor fhall the faid court have or exercife any jurifdidion in any matter concerning the revenue under the management of the faid governor and council refpedively, either within or beyond the limits of the faid towns, forts, or fadories, or concerning any ad done according to the ufage and pradice of the country, and the regulations of the governor and council; and no perfon fhall be fubjed to the jurifdidion of any of the faid courts for or by reafon of being a landowner, landholder, or farmer of land or of land rent, or for receiving apenfion or payment in lieu of any title to or ancient.poffeffion of land or land rent, or for receiving any compenfation or (hare of profits for colleding rents payable to the publick out of such'lands or difirids as are adually farmed by himfelf, or those who are his undertenants by virtue of the farm, or for exercifing v/ithin the faid lands or farms any ordinary or local authority commonly annexed to the poflelfion or farm thereof, or for or by reafon of his becoming fecurity for the payment of the rents referved, or other wife payable out of any lands or farms, or farms of lands, within the dominion fubj-ed to the governments of JlMadras and Bombay refpedively ; and no perfpn for or by reafon of his being employed by the faid

114.  company,

Rights of fathers and matters of families to be preferved.

Courts may determine fuits againft the inhabit-

488 Anno regnl tricelimo feptimo Georgix III. c. 142. [1796.

company, or the governor and council, or by any perfon deriving authority under them, for or on account of his being employed by a native, or the defcendant of a native, of Great Britain, fhall become fubjed to the jurifdidlion of the faid courts refpedively, in any matter of inheritance of fucceflion to goods or lands, or in any matter of dealing or contrad between party or parties, except in actions for wrongs or trefpaffes only.

XII.  And, in order that due regard may be had to the civil and religious ufages of the natives; be it enabled. That the rights and authorities of fathers of families, and matters of families, according as the fame may be exercifed by the gentu or mahomedan law, fhall be preferved to them within their families refpedively, nor fhall the fame be violated or interrupted by any of the proceedings of the faid courts; nor fhall any ad done in confe-quence of the rule or law of caft, fo far as refpeds the members of the fame family only, be deemed a crime, although the fame may not be juftifiable by the laws of England.

XIII.  And be it further enaded, That the faid courts fo to be ereded as aforesaid, fhall have full power to hear and determine all fuits and actions that may be brought againft the inhabitants antsaccording of Madras and Bombay refpedively, in the manner that fhall be provided by the faid charter; yet neverthelefs, their inheritance and fucceflion to lands, rents, and goods, and all matters of contract and dealing between party and party, fhall be determined, in the cafe of mahomedans, by the laws and ufages of the maho-medans, and where the parties are gentus, by the laws and ufages of the gentus, or by such laws and ufages as the fame would have been determined by if the fuit had been brought, and the action commenced, in a native court; and where one of the parties fhall be a mahomedan or gentu, by the laws and ufages of the defendant; and in all fuits fo to be determined by the laws and ufages of the natives, the faid court fhall make such rules and orders for the conduct of the fame, and frame such procefs for the execution of their judgements, fentences, or decrees, as ffihll be moil confonant to the religions and manners of the faid natives, and to the faid laws and ufages refpectively, and the easy attainment of the ends of juftice; and such means fhall be adopted for compelling the appearance of witneftcs, and taking their examination, as fhall be confiftent with the faid laws and ufages, fo that the faid fuits fhall be concluded with as much eafe, and at as little expence, as is confiftent with the attainment of fubftantial juftice.

No a&ion for XIV. And be it further enacted, That no adion for wrong wrong, to be or injury fhall be againft any perlon whatever exercifing a judicial cfdTofficerUfor °^ce ^ri anY country court, for 2ny judgement, decree, or order any order of the hid court, or againft any pcrjon for any ad done by or in court, nor for virtue of the order of the faid court; and in cafe any information any done js intended to be brought againft any such perfon or officer, the any^iio^or ^arne  bought and proceeded in, in the fame manner, and to

der; but if all intents and purposes in the fame form, and to the fame any informs- effed, as such informations are direded to be proceeded in before

the

to the char ter, but their inheritance of lands, &c. to be determined as would have been done in a native court; and where one party is a mahomedan or gentu, by the ufages of the defendant, &c.

 CjOO^Ic

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii IILc. 142.  489

the fupreme court of judicature at Calcutta in Bengal, by an action is intend^ palled in the twenty-firft year of his Majeffy’s reign, intituled,

An a SI to explain and amendJo much of an a£l, made in the thirteenth COrding to year of the-reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled., ‘ An aft for ejlab- zi Geo. 3. lijhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of c. 70, the Eaft India coinpany, as well in India as in Europe," as relates to the adminijl ration ofjufice in Bengal ; andfor the relief of certain per font imprifoned at Calcutta in Bengal under a judgement of the J'upre7ne court of judicature, and aljo for indemnifying the governor general and council ^Bengal, and all officers who have aSted under their orders or authority, in the undue reftftance onade to the procefs of the fupreme court,

XV.  And be it further enabled, That a regiffry of the natives A regiftry of

employed in the fervice of the faid company, or in the fervice of  b^the

Britijh fubjeds, or their partners, fhall be eflablifhed within the company or fettlements of Madras and Bombay refpedively, in the fame Britilhfub-manner, to the fame effect, to the like extent, and for the like to be purpose, and fubjed to the like penalties, as such regifler is effablifhed at Calcutta, by the faid ad paffed in the twenty-firft aSa a year of his prefent Majeffy’s reign.

XVI.  And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be HisMajeity to

direded, in and by the faid new charter which his Majeffy is herein ^b^ner^hat empowered to grant, that in cafe any perfon or perfons whatever perfons may (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved, by any judgement appeal from or determination of either of the faid courts of judicature, to be the courts to effablifhed as aforesaid, he, fhe, or they may appeal from such  in

judgement or determination, to his Majeffy in council, within

fuch time and in such manner, and in such cafes, as his Majeffy in his faid charter fhall judge proper and reafonable to be appointed and preferibed.

XVII.  And be it further enaded, That if his Majeffy fhall grant such charter as aforesaid, and ered such courts of judicature at Madras and Bombay, all the records and muniments and proceedings whatfoever, of and belonging to the faid mayor’s oyer and ter-courts at Madras and Bombay refpedively, or to the courts of miner, to be oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, there effablifhed by the new** aforefaid charter of his late Majeffy, fhall, from and immediately after such courts of judicature as his Majeffy is herein empowered to ered fhall be effablifhed, be delivered over, preferved, and depofited, for fafe cuftody in the faid new courts of judicature refpedively; to which all parties concerned fhall and may have

refort and recourfe, upon application to the faid court.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That fo much of the Jurifdidion of charter granted by his late Majeffy, as confers any civil, criminal,

or ecclefiaftical jurifdidion upon the mayor’s courts of Madras and Gf the prefi-Bombay refpedively, or upon the prefident and council as a court of dents and appeal from the faid courts, or of oyer and terminer and gaol deli- councils as very, at the faid fettlements, or the fubordinates thereto belonging, in cafe a new charter fhall be granted by his Majeffy, and fhall be on publication openly publifhed at Madras and Bombay refpedively, from and of new char -immediately after such publication fhall ceafe and determine, ter.

and

Records of the mayor’s courts, or the courts of

courts.

49° Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 142. [1796.

Court of dire <5tors to caufe to be paid to the recorder of each court 5000I. annually out of the revenues of the fettle -ment.

Commencement of Hilaries, which are to be in lieu of all emoluments.

and be abfolutely void to all intents and purposes ; and all judicial powers and authorities granted by any a£t or a£ls of parliament to the faid mayor’s or courts of appeal at the faid fertlements, fhall ceafe and determine, and be no longer exercifed by the faid courts; but the fame (hall and maybe exercifed by the courts of judicature to be ere&ed by virtue of this a<5t, in the manner, and to the extent herein-before directed ; but never-thelefs the faid charter fhall, in all other refpe&s, continue in full force and effedb, to all intents and purposes, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, except in fo far as it is altered or varied by this adt, as fully and effedtually as if this adf had not been made, or such new charter fhould not have been granted.

XIX.  And be it further enadted, That during such time as the faid fettlements of Madras and Bombay refpedtively fhall remain in the pofTeffion of the faid united company, the court of directors of the faid united company fhall, and they are hereby required to diredl and caufe to be paid to the recorder of the faid court of judicature at Madras, the yearly fum of five thou-fand pounds, and to the recorder of the court of judicature at Bombay the yearly fum of five^ thousand pounds, and such fala-ries fhall be paid to them and each of them for the time being refpedtively, out of the revenues of the faid refpedlive fettle-ment^of Madras and Bombay, at an exchange of eight (hillings for the pagoda at Madras, and of two (hillings and iixpence for the Bombay rupee at the fettlement of Bombay.

XX.  And be it further enadted. That the faid falaries fhall take place and commence, in refpedl to fuclY perfons who (hall be refident in Great Britain at the time of their appointment, upon and from the day on which such perfon fhall embark from Great Britain ; and that the falaries of all such perfons who fhall at the time of their appointment be refident in India, fhall commence and take place from and after their refpedlively taking upon them the execution of their office as aforefaid ; and that all such falaries (hall be in lieu of all fees of office, perquilites, emoluments, and advantages whatfoever; and that no fees of office, perquifites, emoluments, or advantages whatfoever fhall be accepted, received, or taken, in any manner, or on any account or pretence whatfoever, other than such falaries and

allowances as are in and by this a <9: diredled to be paid.

If therecorder  XXI. And he it further enadled, That if the recorder of the

return to Eu* court of judicature at Madras and Bombay refpedfivelv, fhall rerope after five t  '  t? ± r  .  r  .  J  ,  r  i

years rtfi- turrl to Burcpe^ from age, infirmity, or other caule, to be

dence in India approved of by his Majelly, it fhall and may be lawful for his

as such, his Majefly, by warrant under the fign manual, to dire<Tand autho-

r^e an a^owance to he made out of the revenues of the Britijb

annuity out territories in India, to such recorder fo returning: provided

of the terri- always, That it fhall not be lawful for his Majefly to diredl any

torial reve- larger allowance to be made to such recorder fo returning, than

Rues*  the (um of one thousand two hundred pounds per annum j nor

fhall it be lawful for his Majesty to diredl any allowance to be

made

1796-] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii 111. c. 142..  491

made to any perfon who has not refided five years in India as recorder of ftich courts of judicature: provided always, That it fhali not be lawful for his Majesty to direft the allowance of any fum to any recorder as aforesaid, which, with the allowance already diretfted and authorifed at the date of such grant to be paid, either to any recorder as aforesaid, or any chief juftice or other judge of the fupreme court of judicature at Calcutta, fhali, in the whole, exceed the amount of the falary of one of the judges of the fupreme court of judicature at Calcutta.

XXII.  And, in order more effectually to provide for the regular It the recorder adminiftration of jufticebe it enacted, That whenever it fhali ^fUcce’flbr^ happen that the recorder of Madras or Bombay refpedlively fbal) fhali be on the die, and no perfon fhali be upon the fpot, who fhali be appointed fpot, the

by his Majesty to fucceed to such recorderfhip, in such cafe, and puifne judge as foon as the fame (hall be made known to the fupreme court ^ourt ^PCal-C of judicature at Calcutta, the junior puifne judge of the faid court cutta to pr0„ (hall and he is hereby dire&ed and authorifed to proceed, with ceed to the all convenient fpeed, to the fettlement where such vacancy fhali Settlement have happened, and fhali take upon himfelf the office of recor^er Q^Ce till of the faid fettlement, and fhali hold and exercife the fame in as recorder full and ample a manner as if he had been appointed recorder arrives, of the faid fettlement by his Majesty by authority of this acf, and fhali continue to hold and exercife the faid office until a recorder (hall be appointed by his Majesty, and until such recorder fhali arrive at the faid fettlement, and no longer.

XXIII.  And be it further enadted, That such judge, fo adting Adingre-as recorder during a vacancy, and until the arrival of the perfon ccyder to reappointed to fucceed the faid office, fhali be entitled to receive a portionoffi-proportion of falary, and no more than would have become due {ary,

to such recorder during the period while the vacancy (hall be fupplied by such judge as aforefaid.

XXIV.  Provided always. That nothing ill this act fhali ex- Appointment

tend, or be conftrued to extend, to vacate the appointment ofjudge not such judge by reafon of his exercifing the office of recorder as adtim*a* re aforefaid.  corder."

XXV.  And be it further enadled. That the faid perfon or Recorders not perfons fo to be appointed by his Majesty recorder of the court to be con-

of judicature at Madras and Bombay refpeclivel)7, fhali not carry kerned in on, be concerned in, or have any dealings or tranfa&ions byLiailc ‘ way of traffick or commerce of any kind whatfoever, either for his or their own ufe, benefit, profit, or advantage, or the ufe, benefit, profit, or advantage of any perfon whatfoever.

XXV I. And be it further enadfed, 1 hat all offences committed Recorder to be by or charged upon the faid recorder of the faid courts, (hall be tried as^he heard, tried, and determined in the fame manner as if the fame  C

were committed by or charged upon any of the judges of the COUrt at Cal-fupreme courts of judicature at Calcutta.  cutta.

XXVII. And be it further enadled, That all new forms of All new forms procefs, or rules and orders for the execution thereof, fhali be ofprocefsto tranfmitted to the prefident of the board of commiffionets for ^Umhoard^ the affairs of India, to be laid before his Majesty for his royal for jndia af-

approbation, fairs.

49 2

Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgxi III. c. 142. [1796.

approbation, corredtion, or refufal; and such procefs fhall be ufecl, and such rules fhall be obferved until the fame fhall be repealed or varied, and in the laft cafe with such variation as fhall be made therein.

XX VIII. And whereas the pradlice of Britifh fubjcdls lending money, or being concerned in the lending of thefame, or in tranfadiions for the borrowing money for, or lending 'money to, the native princes in India, has been produdlive of much mifchief and is the fonrce of much ujury and extortion : and zvhereas the wholefome orders of the court of dire di or s of the united company of merchants trading to India, have not been jujfcient to refrain and reprejs the fame : and whereas it is highly definable that such pradiices fhould he prevented in future \ be it therefore enadted, That, from and after the fir ft day of December next, no Britifh fubjedt fhall, by himfelf, or by any other perfon diredtly or indiredtly employed by him, lend any money or other valuable thing to any native prince in Indiay by whatever name or description such native prince fhall be called, n^liv^princeT nor any A>ntif fubjedt, either by himfelf, or by any other without ecTi- perfon directly or indiredtly employed by him, be concerned in ft nt of the court of diredtors. or the governor in council ; and any per-fon doing fo may be pro-fecuted tor a mil'demeanor.

From Dec. i, 1797, no P.rt-tilh lubjtdt to lend any money, or be concerned in

the lending any money to any such native prince, nor (hall any Britifh fubjedt be concerned either by himfelf or by any other perfon, either di redly or indiredtly, in raifing or procuring any money for any such native prince, or as being fecurity for such loan or money, nor fhall any Brit if fubjedt lend any money or other valuable thing to any other perfon for the purpose of being lent to any such native prince, nor fhall any Britifh fubjedt, by himfelf or by any other perfon, either diredtly or indiredtly, fof his ufe and benefit, take, receive, hold, enjoy, or be concerned in any bond, note, or other fecurity or alignment, granted or to be granted bv any such native prince, after the nrfi: day of December, next, for the loan, or for the re-payment of money, or other valuable thing, without the confent and approbation of the court of directors of the Eaf India company, or the confent and approbation of the governor in council of one of the faid company’s governments in India, firft had'and obtained in writing; and every perfon doing, adting, or tranfading, or being concerned in any actings, doings, and tranfadiions, contrary to this adt, fhall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a mifdemeanor at law', and fhall and may be proceeded again!! and punifhed as fuch, by virtue cf this adt, before any court of competent jurisdiction ; and all bonds, notes, alignments, or fecurities for money, of what kind or nature foever, taken, held, or enjoyed, either diredtly or indiredtly, for the ufe and benefit of any Britifh fubjedt, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, fhall be, and the lame are hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes. tcA be "over a -  XXIX. And be it further enadted, That when and fo often as

irentsm India anY information fhall be given, or complaint made, to any of for adtiug the governments of the faid united company in the Eaf Indies, contrary to of any perfon having adted contrary to the provifions of this adt,

calb to^Haid ^'uc‘1 §overnmsnl:s lha^ forthwith lay the cafe before the com-L *  pany’s

Se eerily for money lent contrary hereto, to be void.

1796.] Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georg 11 III. c. 143.  493

pany’s law officers at the fettlement where it arifes, who fhall before the

take the fame into their confideration, and report their opinion ^0^p^rt

thereupon, whether the fame is a proper cafe for profecution fhall be trarif-

(together with their reafons for the fame), which report {hall be mitted to the

tranfmitted home to thecouitof directors by the fir ft convenient collrt of directors.

opportunity.

XXX. And whereas the provifion made by the charter of juft ice of his late Majcjly, for the efablijhment of a court of requefs in and for the towns tf/'Madras Patnam, Bombay, and Calcutta, for the recovery of debts, duties, and demands therein, not exceeding the value of five pagodas, in manner therein direCled, hath bec?i found beneficial and convenient: and whereas an extenfon of jurijdiClion of the fa id courts for the recovery of debts, duties, and demands, to a larger amount in value is found to be ufeful-, be it therefore enadted by the authority aforesaid, That the jurifdidtion of the faid courts Jurifdidions of requefts at and for the faid towns of Madras Patnam, .Bombay, ^^Tat and Calcutta, refpedtively, fhall be and the fame is extended to jyja(]ras Bom-the recovery of all or any manner of debts, duties, and demands, bay, and Cal-not exceeding in value the fum of eighty current rupees^ refpec- cutta, extend-tively, and for that purpose that the commiffioners of the faid ec* to 80 ru“ courts of requefts, and their fucceftors, ftiail have full power and ?eeS* authority to hear and determine all actions, plaints, and fuits, which have grown, or fhall be brought before them, in their faid refpedtive courts where the debt, duty, or matter in difpute, fhall not exceed the faid value of eighty current rupees, and to award execution thereupon for the debt or fum adjudged to be clue, in the fame manner as they now do for debts and demands under the fum of five pagodas.

C A P. CXLIII.

An a Cl to explain and amend an aCl, ?nade in the thirty-fifth year ofthe reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a61 for the more effectual prevention of the ufe of defective weights, and of falfe and unequal balances.—[July 20, 1797.]

'HERE AS ^ an aCl, pafifed in the thirty-fifth year of the Preftm^e* reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An act for the more effedtual prevention of the ufe of defedtive weights, and of falfe cited?* ^ and unequal balances; it was (among other things) enaCied, That it Jbould and might be lawful for the j if ices, at every quarter J'efiio ns of' the peace for any county, riding, liberty, or divijion, in England or Wales, to appoint certain perfons to examine the weights and balances within their refbeChve cliJlriCls, and that the perfons fo appointed Jbould-, once in every month at the leaf, examine such weights and balances^ and the perfons in whfie pojfeffion any falfe weights or balances jbould be found, were fnbjeCled to a penalty, rot exceeding twenty Jhillings, nor lejs than five Jhillings, to be paid to the treafurcr of the county, riding, or divifion, and be applied by him for the purposes therein particularly dejeribed: and whereas the faid a Cl might be mori conveniently executed, ffome of the power, thereof were vefied in the jufnes of the peace at their fevered and refpeClive petty fejfions • and

494 Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 143. [1796.

it is expedient that certain other alterations Jhonld be ?nade in thefaid aft : may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the So much of authority of the fame, That, from and after the tenth day of re^uf^s theS one t^ou^an(^ seven hundred and ninety-seven, fo much of jufticesat the foid recited a£t as requires the juftices, at the quarter feffions quarter fef-  of the peace, to appoint perfons to examine the weights and balances

lions to ap- within their refpedtive counties, ridings, liberties, and divifions, to^xamiiie11S an<^ W^*1C^ aL,thorifes the perfons fo appointed to fearch for and exweights, &c. amine all weights and balances, and to feize and deftroy falfe or repealed, and unequal weights or balances, and impofes a penalty on the per-ju ft ices at  fons in whose pofleffion the fame (hall be found, fhall be and is

feftion^ma  hereby repealed; and that it (ball and may be lawful to and for

appointTuch the juftices of the peace, at their refpe&ive petty feffions, within examiners. the divifions, diftridts, and other places of the feveral counties in England and Wales, to appoint one or more perfon or perfons, who fhall have ppwer to examine the weights and balances, within such divifions, diftrifts, and other places refpedtively.

Examiners, II. And be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful b^the^ftkes^ t0 anc^ ^or ^ Per^on or perfons fo to be appointed as aforesaid, to viftt (hops/ an^ they are hereby required (having firft: been fworn duly and See, and feize faithfully to execute the office in him or them repofed by virtue falfe weights, of such appointment, and of this adt (which oath such juftices are hereby authorifed and empowered to adminifter), as often as the faid juftices fhall diredt, in the day time, to enter into the (hop, mill, houfe, outhoufes, and other premifes near to such fhop, mill, or houfe, and into the ftall or ftanding place of any perfon or perfons who fell by retail and weight any wares, provifions, goods, or chattels whatfoever, and then and there to fearch for, view, and examine all weights and balances in such (hop, mill, houfe, outhoufes, premifes, ftall, or ftanding place, and to feize any weight or weights, not being according to the ftandard in the exchequer, or any falfe or unequal balance or balances, which fhall, upon such fearch, be found therein, and to detain the fame, to be produced before the juftices in petty feffions as aforesaid, upon the hearing of the information or informations herein-after mentioned ; and the perfon or perfons, in whose fhop, mill, houfe, .  outhoufes,  premifes, ftall, or -ftanding place, any such defective

weight*, c.  or  weights, or any such falfe or unequal balance or ba-

lances, fhall be found (againft whom for such offence or offences an information or informations is and are hereby directed to be preferred) fhall, upon conviction thereof in petty feffions as afore-laid, upon view or confefficn, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any fum of money not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than five (hillings, as the faid juftices, before whom such perfon or perfons (hall have been convicted, (hall in their diferetion order and adjudge, together with the cofts and charges attending such conviction ; such forfeiture, together with such cofts and charges,

to

Penalty for having falfe

495

to be levied by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid juflices, by diftrefs and fale of fo much of the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfofts offending, as fhaU be fufficient to pay the faid penalty, and alfo the expences of making such diftrefs and fale.

III.  And be it further enabled, That on the conviftion of such Jufttces to offender or offenders, the faid juflices fhall raufe such defective

weight or weights, or such falfe or unequal balance or balances, to be broken* fo prodaced before them, to be forthwith broken and rendered and the pro-tifelefs, and the materials thereof to be fold, and the money arif- duce of the ing from such fale, together with the amount of the forfeiture or {^^forfeitures forfeitures, to be paid by them to the treafurer of such county, to ^ pa-l(j ta riding, or divifion, to be by him applied towards the expences of the county carrying the faid recited aft and this aft into execution, and the treafurer, refidue (if any) on account of the publick flock of such county, riding, or divifion; and the faid juflices fhall alfo prepare, or caufe to be prepared, returns of the forfeitures levied by them in purfuance of the faid before recited aft, and of this aft., and alfo of the fums arifing from the fale of such defective weights, and falfe and unequal balances, and fhall tranfmit such returns, figned by them, to the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, or divifion, refpeftively, at every general quarter feflions of the peace to be held for such county, riding, or divifion.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if the If the majority majority of the inhabitants of any parifh, townfhip, or place, of inhabitants within such county, riding, or divifion, fhould be defirous that perf0nS1houId any perfon or perfons fhall be fpecially -appointed to examine the be fpecially weights and balances within such parifh, townfhip, or place, it appointed fhall and may be lawful for such inhabitants, and they are hereby examiners, ^ empowered (at a veflry to be duly holden for that purpose) to veftr^nomf-irominate one or more fubftantial houfeholder or householders, to nate them for be approved of and appointed by the faid juflices, at their re-approbation fpeftive petty feflions for the divifion or diflrift wherein such ofthejuftices. parifh, townfhip, or place, fhall lie; which perfon or perfons fo nominated, approved, and appointed, fhall have the fame powers

and authorities, within -fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, as are veiled in the perfon or perfons appointed for any diflrift, divifion, or place refpeftively.

V.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no appoint- But no such ment for such parifh, townfhip, or place, fhall be made, until the appointment inhabitants thereof have procured, or caufed to be .procured, the

proper weights, according to the flandard in the exchequer, for bitants have" the ufe of such parifh, townfhip, or place, to be depofited in the procured cufiody of the perfon or perfons to be appointed as lafl-men- ftandard tioned ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid juflices, in their refpeftive petty feflions, to order and direft the coils and and^heTe-0 * charges of procuring such weights, and the recompence and compence to fatisfaftion to be allowed to such perfon or perfons, for his or the examin-their time and trouble in the execution of such ofHce, within such of parifh, townfhip, or place, to be paid out of the rate made for poor’s rates# the relief of the poor, within such parifh, townfhip, or place.

VI. Ani



49 6

Powers of recited aft (except hereby altered) to re-main in force

Proceedings not to be removed.

Juftices to caufe convictions to be made out in rhe following

form.

Publick aft.

VI.  And be it further enafted, That all the claufes, powers, and provisions contained in the faid recited aft (except such as are hereby repealed or altered) (hall continue in force, in the

, fame manner, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife ootwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enafted, That no proceedings to be had touching the conviftion of any offender or offenders againft the faid recited aft, or this aft, (hall be removed by writ of Certiorari, or by any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at We ft min ft er.

VIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the juftices of the peace before whom any offender (hall be convifted as aforesaid, fhall caufe the faid conviftion to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the fame effeft, mutatis mutandis5 (that is to fay),

c T>E it remembered, That on the . day of JD in the year of our Lord  at  a  petty fe(Hons holden

for the [divifion or diftrift] of  in the faid [county,

riding, or divifion,] before A. B. and C. D. juftices of the peace, afting in and for the faid  E>  F.  of

in the faid  was duly convifted before us the faid juftices,

for that he the faid E. F. on the  day  of

now laft paft, at  in  the  faid  contrary  to

the form of the ftatute in that cafe made and provided, [here Jlate the offence againjl the aft] ; and We the faid juftices do declare and adjudge, that the faid F% F. hath forfeited the fum of

of lawful money of Great Britain for the offence aforesaid, to be applied as the law direfts; and alfo, the further fum of of like lawful money, for the reafonable cofts and charges attending this conviction.

Given under our hands and feals on the day and in the year firft mentioned.’

IX.  And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft ; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons, without the fame being fpecially pleaded or let forth.

CAP. CXLIV.

An aft for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the ccn-folidated fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thouland seven hundred and ninety-seven ; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwiie deftroyed.—[July 20, 1797.]

a,ooo,oool. may be iftued out of the confolidated fund ; which may be railed by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the faid fund. Money lent on fecurity of this aft not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, &c. Orders for repayment to be registered, and paid in courfe. No fee to be taken for regift vring, ftc. on penalty of treble value and cofts,

and

jy

1796.  ] Anno regni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III. c. 144*

and alfo lofs of place. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the fame date, brought the fame day, are entered firft, fo they are all entered ; nor if fubfequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be referred to difcharge them. Orders affignable. Treafury may order the fum hereby granted to be raifed by exchequer bills, in the manner prefcribed by the malt a<5t of the prefent felfion ; the provifions of which act (except such as charge tjie bills on the malt duties and limit the rate of intereft) to extend to this. Bills and intereft, &c. to be difcharged out of the confolidated fund. Bank may advance 2,000,oool. on the credit of this atft. 42o,ocol. overplus of grants for 1796, may be iffued towards the fupply. Monies raifed by the malt duties; land tax; annuities ; further aunuities; further annuities; lottery ; exchequer bills; 420,000!. overplus of grants ; 2,000,oool. out of confolidated fund (with the refidue of the fale of French prizes) to be applied to the ufes hereafter exprelfed. 85633,6731. is. 7d. for naval fervices for 1797. 5,000,000b for difcharging the navy debt. 1,009,024b 9s. 2d. for land fervice of the ordnance for

1797.  114,553b 19s. 9d. for do in 1795.  74,830b  3d. for lea fervice of

do in 1795.  425,366b 10s. 6d. for land fervice of do in 1796.  16,oool.

for additional pay, &c. to the non-commiffioned officers and privates of the artillery and military artificers. 3,281]. 11s. 4d. for additional pay to officers of the artillery and engineers, to Dec. 31, 1797. 8o,oool. for the portion of the princefs royal. 1,500,000. for loan to Ireland. $00,oool. 200,000b and 920,000b for loan to the emperor. 15,488,089b 2s. iod. for land forces in 1797, viz. 1,505,905b is. for 60,765 effective men, officers, &c. in Great Britain, Jerfey, and Guernfey, 1,411,231b 19s. 3d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Corfica, Cape of Good Hope and New South Wales. 42,096b 9s. 9d. for difference between Britilh and Irifh pay of fix regiments abroad. 13,335b i3s. for recruiting regiments in Eaft India. 360,000b for recruiting, contingencies, &c. 94,195b 14s. for general, ftaff, andhofpital officers in Great Britain, See. 950,441b 3s. 6d. for militia and fencible infantry, and 210,cool, for their contingencies. 112,811b for militia cloathing. 397,734b 4s. 2d. for fencible cavalry, and 95,000b for allowances and extra feed to do. 70,000b for horfe furniture and cloathing to augmentations of the forces in 1796. 7,500b for allowances to reduced officers of the Britifh American forces, and 52,500b on account of them. 125b 3s. 4d. for reduced and fuperan-nuated gentlemen of the horfe guards. 118.874b 16s. 8d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 180,oool. for quartering foldiers. 136,675b 14s. 3d. for fupernumerary officers. 1000b lor officers late in the fervice of the ftates general. 136,7791.17s. 3d. to the paymafter general, fecretary at war. See. 177,000b for pay and cloathing of militia. 147,165b 10s. 1 id. for Chelfea hofpital. 11,602b 7s. 3d. for widows penfions. 224,000b for additional pay to nomcommiffioned officers and privates of the land forces. 288,000b outftanding demands for the barrack department. 449,000b for forage and other expences of do. 60,cool, for allowances to fubalterns, See. of the land forces. 381,637b 17s. for foreign corps. 30,000b for volunteer cavalry. 3,280,5131 13s. 2d. for extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 25, 1795, to Dec. 6, 1796. 106,962b 13s.

4d. for do, from Dec. 7, to Dec. 24, 1796.  438,000b  for do prevous to

Jan. 5, .1797.  4,000,000b for extraordinaries of the army for 1797.

1,no,oool. for difcharging exchequer bills made out under 36 Geo. 3* c. 31.  500,000b  for  the queen of Portugal. 28,263b is. 6d. ifiued pur-

fuant to add re fifes of the houfe of commons. 7,000b for the civil eftablifh-ment of Upper Canada. 5,915b for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia. 4,550b for the civil eftablifhment of New Brunfwick. 1,900b for the civil eftablifhment of the ifland of St.John in America, 1,840b for the civil eftablifhment of the ifland of Cape Breton in America. 1,232b 10s. for the civil eftablifhment oi the ifland of Newfoundland. 4,100b for the civil eftablifhment of the Bahama iflands. 580b for the chief juftice of the Bermudas or Somers iflands. 6cob for the chief juftice of the ifland of Dominica. 5,523b 10s. for the civil eftablifhment of New South Wales. 13,000b for forts in Africa. 11,500b for American iufferers. 71,431b 5s. 1 id. 3q. for his Majesty’s fervice abroad. 140,090b for relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. 681b 16s, 3d, for fixtures at the houfe

VOL. XLI.  Kk  Oi

Annoregni tricefimo feptimo Georgii III, c. 144, [1796.

of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons. 869k 19s. for index to the lord's journal. 9,1861. as. 4d. to Duncan Campbell efq; for convi&s on the river Thames. 13,4921. as. nd. to James Bradley efq; for convi&s in Langftone and Portfmouth harbours. 51,6821. 17s. 6d. for part of orders made out purfuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. for the relief of American fufferers. 6oo,oool. for perfons connected with the iflands of Grenada and St. Vincents. 1,054,©col. to repay advances of the bank on the confolidated fund for 1795.  1,370,0001.  to  pay exchequer bills iflued on credit of the

confolidated fund for 1796. 2,177,0001. to make good the fum charged on the confolidated fund by an a£t of the laft feffion of parliament. 3t,ooo1. for relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. 3*0331 4s. to Duncan Campbell efq; for convicts on the river Thames. 9,628!. 12s. 6d. to James Bradley efq; for convidts in Langftone and Portfmouth harbours. 4,515k 8s. id. 3q. for repairs of the fleet prifon. 5,672k 3s. 3d. iq. for repairs of the king's bench prifon. 1,461k 15s. 6d. for profecution of coiners. 2,806k 8s. for expences in profecution of Warren Haftings efq. 69.3k 15s. for the chief juftice of Newfoundland. 31,825k 14s. id. for the fettlementat New South Wales. 1,740k 9s. for expences on account of the alien a<5t.  1,345k  19s.  3d.  for  his Majesty’s

lervice abroad. 3,000k for the board of agriculture. i,8ool. for pro-fecutions relating to the coin. 32,000k for employing convicts at home. 7,oool for printing journals of the houfe of commons, &c,  2,000k  for

Superintendance of the alien a6t. 30,000k for thefettlement at New South Wales. 46,120k for relief of American fufferers. 1,650,000k to pay bills on the treafury. 833,000k to pay off exchequer bills under land tax and malt a<fts in 1796.  180,000k  for  relief  of  refugee  clergy  and laity of

France.  150,cook for fecret fervice abroad. 200,000k towards the re-

duction of the national debt. 1,500k for the veterinary college. 4,5ool. for roads and bridges in North Britain. 38,454k 14s. 3d. 3q. awarded Under the American treaty. Supplies not to be iflued for any other than the purposes before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum granted for half pay, by 36 Geo. 3. c. 126.  118,873k  18s.  6d.

was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1796, the overplus of which may be difpofed of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty {hall diretft. Duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, See. loft, may be made out on affidavits being made before the barons of the exchequer.

AN

A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

TO THE

FIRST PART OF the XLT VOLUME'

O F T H E

STATUTES at LARGE;

Palled in the thirty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George III. in the Year of our Lord one thousand ieven hundred and ninety-seven, being the ftrft Seffion of the eighteenth Parliament of

Great Britain, which began the Ieven hundred and ninety-fix, twentieth Day of July one ninety-feven.

A.

Aberdeen*

i^EE Harbours. Chap. ior.

Addreffes of the Houfe of Commons.

28,263/. is. 6d. iflued purfuant to addrefies of the houfe of commons. Chap. 144.

Africa.

1.  See Slaves. Chap. 118.

2.  13,000/. for forts there. Chap. 144.

Agriculture, Board of.

3,000/. for the board of agriculture. Chap. 144.

Alderney.

See Guernfey. Chap. 125. Aliens. *

I.  For allowing aliens in foreign colonies furrendered to his Ma-

twelfth Day of July one thousand and ended by prorogation the thousand seven hundred and

jefiy, toexercife the occupations of merchants or factors. Chap. 63.

2.  To continue an aft refpefting aliens in this kingdom. Chap. 109.

3.  1,740/. 9s. for expences of the alien aft. Chap. 144.

4.  2,000/. for fuperintendance of the fame. Same aft.

A?nerica.

For carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his Ma-jefty and the united Rates of America. Chap. 97.

American Sufferers.

1.  11,500/. for American fufferers. Chap. 144.

2.  51,682/. 17s. 6d. more for the fame. Same aft.

3.  46,120/. more for the fame. Same aft.

American Treaty.

38,454/. 145. 3d. 3q. awarded under the American treaty. Chap. 144. K k 2  Annuities,

> ...

 Li<  le

500

Art

Annuities.

i• For granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bills. Chap. 9. 20.

2.  Contributors towards railing eighteen millions, for every 100/, entitled to the principal fum of 112/. 105. in the five per cent. annuities, from Oct. 10, 1796. Chap. 10.

3.  Contributors towards railing fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, for every joo/. entitled to the principal fum of 125/. three per cent, confolidated annuities from Jan. 5, 1797; a principal of 50/. three per cent. reduced annuities, and a principal of 20/. four per cent, annuities from April 5, 1797, an^ an annuity of 65. 6d. from April 5, 1797, for fixty>two years and nine months. Chap. 57.

4.  See Difcounts. Chap. 82.

Antigua, IJland of.

To continue fo much of an a£i as permits the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares and merchandizes in foreign lhips, into and from the port of St. Johns, in the ifland of Antigua. Chap. 99.

Army.

1.  For railing 'men in the feveral counties in England, for the fer-vice of the army. Chap. 4

2.  To explain and amend the above a£f. Chap. 24.

3.  For raifing men in the feveral counties, &c. in Scotland, for the army. Chap. 5.

4.  To explain and amend the above a(51. Chap. 39.

Artillery.

1.  16,000/. for additional, pay to non-commiffioned officers and pri-

Auc

vates of the artillery and military artificers. Chap. 144.

2.  3,281/. 115. 4^. for additional pay to officers of artillery and engineers. Same a<5t.

Afjeffments.

An additional duty of ioh upon every afiefTment made after 5, 1797, of the rates and duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, by adts 24 Geo. 3. feff. 2. c. 31. and 38.—29 Geo. 3. c. 49. and 36. Geo. 3. c. 15, 16. and 124. Chap. 69.

Attornies.

1.  Indentures of clerkfhip to attornies and folicitors made after Feb. 5, and 10, and before March, 28, 1794? whereon any duty is required to be paid by 34 Geo. 3. c. 14. may, on payment of the duty by dugufl 1, 1797, be damped. Chap. 60.

2.  Indentures of clerkfhip fo (lamped may be enrolled within two months. Same adt, f. 2.

3.  From Nov. 1, 1797, attornies^ See. of the courts at IVeJiininJier, Scc. fhall between Nov. 1, and the end of Michaelmas term, annually deliver at the head office for damps a note, containing his name and place of abode, in order to obtain a certificate. Chap. 90. f. 26.

4.  To indemnify attornies, &c. who have omitted to obtain their certificates of enrolment, admiffion or regidry in the feveral courts of this kingdom. Chap. 93.

Auctions*

Additional duties of excife on auctions.

For every 205. of the s. d. purchafe money of any fale at audiion of lands, houfes,

&C.  O  2l

The

Bil

5. d. -

Bur

The like of furniture, fixtures, books, horfes, carriages and other goods. o 3

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,100/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 144.

Bank of England.

1.  Bank of England may iflue pro-miflory notes under 5/. Chap. 28.

2.  See Cajh. Chap. 45.

3.  See Confolidated Fund. Chap. 144.

0/* Scotland.

See Q/fr. Chap. 45.

Bankrupts.

T0 make perpetual an adt to prevent the committing of frauds by brankrupts. Chap. 124.

Barmouth.

See Harbours. Chap. 50.

Barracks.

1.  288,000/. outftanding demands for the barrack department. Chap.

144-

2.  449,000/, for forage and other expences. Same adt.

Bermuda.

580/, tothe chiefjuftice of Bermuda or Somers IJlands. Chap. 144.

Bills of Exchange.

See Stamps. Chap. 90.

50 *

Bombay.

See (£3/?) Company, Chap. 142.

Bonds.

See Stamps. Chap. ig.

Bread.

To amend adt 31 Geo. 2. c. 29. fo far as the fame relates to the aflize and making of bread fold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange. Chap. 98.

Bricks.  v

Additional duty of excife s. d. on bricks.

1.  For every thousand of

bricks. Chap. 14.  1  o

2.  See Draivbacks, Chap. 14. Additional duty of cuftoms on bricks.

3.  For every thousand of

bricks imported.  3  7

Bridges.  ,  ^

1.  To amend an adt for building a bridge acrofs the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in HerefordJJnre. Chap. 56.

2.  For repairing, or rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, in Bridgnorth, Salop. Chap. 58.

3.  For building a bridge over Zfor-

river, in the county of Southampton. Chap. 131.

Bridgnorth, Salop.

See Bridges. Chap. 58,

Burfledon River.

See Bridges. Chap. 131. k k 3  Calcutta*

5°2

Can

C.

Calcutta.

SEE India (Eaji) Company. Chap. 142.

Cambricks.

For prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns not being of the manuradfure of Ireland\ except for the purpose of being ware-houfed for exportation.' Chap. 72.

Canada, Upper.

7000/• for the civil eftablifhment jfchere. Chap. 144.

Canals, Navigable.

I.  To enable the company of proprietors of the Dudley canal navigation to raife a farther fum of money for completing the faid navigation. Chap. 13.

2.  For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Guinea Port, in the parifh of St. Breock in Cornwall to Dunmeer Bridge, in the pariih of Bodmin, and a collateral cut from Cotton IVoodj near Ruthern Bridge, in the faid pariih of Bodmin. Chap. 29.

3.  To enable the company of proprietors of the Grantham canal navigation to finifh the fame. Chap. 30.

4.  To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Front to the Merfcy, to make a navigable canal from the Caldon canal near Endon to Leek, in the county of Stafford, and a refervoir. Chap. 36.

5.  To enable the company of proprietors of the Leicejler navigation to finifh and complete their feveral works, and difcharge the debts

Caf

contra&ed in making thereof* Chap. 51.

6.  To authorife the company of proprietors of the Gloucefler and Berkeley canal navigation to vary the line of the faid canal. Chap. 54-

7.  To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Merfey, to extend feveral branches of canal from and out of their faid navigation. Chap. 81.

8.  For extending tht Monmoutbfhire canal navigation. Chap. 100.

Cafe Breton, IJland of.

1,840/. for the civil eflablilhment

there. Chap. 144.

Cape of Good Hope.

1.  His Majesty in council may make regulations refpedfing the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. Chap. 21.

2.  Goods, &c. imported or exported contrary to orders in council forfeited. Same adl, f. 2.

Carr on Company.

Carron company may iflue notes

payable to bearer on demand under

20s. Chap. 62.

Cajh.

1.  For confirming and continuing the reftridtion contained in the minute of council of Feb. 26, 1797, on payments of cafh by the bank, and the bank indemnified. Chap. 45. 91.

2.  The bank not to iflue cafh but according to certain provifions, nor advance more than 600,000/. for the publick fervice, during the reftridlion. Chap. 45. f. 4.

3.  The bank may advance to the bankers of London^ Sic. 100,000/. in calh. and to the bank of Scot-

land,

Clo

land\ and royal bank of Scotland, 25,000/. each. Same ad, f. 6.

4.  Nq perfon to be held to fpecial bail, unlefs affidavit be made that there had been no offer to pay in bank notes, and collectors of the publick revenue to accept it in bank notes. Same ad, f. 9.

Cavalry.

1.  For enabling his Majesty to raife a provifional force of cavalry, to be embodied in cafe of neceffity, for the defence of thefe kingdoms. Chap. 6.

2.  To explain and amend the above ad. Chap. 23.

3.  For allowing time to Oft. 1, for carrying into execution thefe ads. Chap. 139.

4.  30,000/. for volunteer cavalry. Chap. 144.

Certificates.

See Aitornies* Chap. 93.

Chelfea HofpitaL

147,165/. 10s. nd. for Chelfea HofpitaL Chap. 144.

Chrifi Church, Middlefex.

See Poor. Chap. 79.

Coc  503

For every gold watch, or ena- d% melled on gold -  10  o

For every fiber or metal

watch -  -  2  6

Chap. 108.

2.  Houfekeepers to make out lifts, and fign declarations in fourteen days after notice, and a penalty of 10/. for not delivering lifts and declarations. Same ad, f. 16.

3.  After Oft. 10, 1797? a penalty of 10/. for having clocks or watches, and not having declared the fame. Same ad, f. 17.

4.  Duties not to extend to houfe-holders, exempted from the duties on windows and houfes, for one clock or watch, nor to occupiers of houfes, not rateable at more than ten windows, for clocks not worth more than 2os. Same ad, f. 21.

5.  Duties not to extend to the royal family, or ambaffadors, or hofpi-tals, churches, &c. nor to certain hufbandinen, norfoldiers, marines, or Tailors. Same ad, f. 23.

6.  Makers and dealers in clocks and watches to take out a licence, and pay annually within the bills of mortality ns. 6d. 2nd without is. Same ad, f. 26.

Cocoa Nuts.

Churches.

1.  For building a new chapel at Plymouth Dock. Chap. 43.

2.  For rebuilding the parifli church of Milbrooke in Hampjhire, and for enlarging the church yard. Chap. 55.

Clocks and Watches.

1.  The following duties on clocks

s. d.

For every clock -  5  o

Additional duties of excife on cocoa nuts.

For cocoa nuts the growth PerPou^. or produce of any Britijh colony or plantation m America, imported into Great Britain, and delivered out of the warehoufe for home

confumption after Dec. 7,  s. d.

1796, - -  0 9

f or cocoa nuts, the  

growth or produce of any  

other place,  2 6

Chap. 14.  

K k 4  Coin.

5° 4

Con

Cuf

■ Coin.

To prevent the counterfeiting any copper coin made current by proclamation, or any foreign gold or filver coin, and to prevent the bringing into this realm,or uttering any counterfeit foreign gold or filver coin. Chap. 126.

Coiners.

1.  1,461/. 15s. 6d. for profecution of coiners. Chap. 144.

2.  1,800/. more for the lame. Same ad.

Commijfioners.

SeejLand Tax. Chap. 35.

Commons, Houfe of.

See Poflage of Letters. Chap. 141.

Confolidated Fund.

1.  1,054,000/. to repay advances of the bank on the confolidated fund for 1795. Chap. 144.

2.  2,177,000/. to make good the fum charged on the confolidated fund by an act of laft feflion. Same ad.

3.  2,000,000/. may be iflued out of the confolidated fund. Chap. 144.

ConviCts.

1.  9,186/. 25. 4d. for convids on the river Thames. Chap. 144.

2.  3,033/. 45. more for the lame. Same ad.

3.  13,492/. 25. ir^. for convids in Langjione and Portfmouth harbours. Same ad.

4.  9,628/. 125. 6d. more for the fame. Same ad.

5.  32,000/. for employing convids at home. Same ad.

Corn.

1.  To prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and permit the importation of corn and provifions duty free, continued. Chap. 7.

2.  No wheat, he. to be exported until fix weeks after the commencement of next fefTion of parliament; and foreign corn, he. may be imposed duty free, and taken out of warehoufes for home confumption; and perfons exporting corn, he. liable to the penalties of 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 65. Satne ad, f. 1.

3.  His Majesty in council may permit the carrying coaftwife, he. corn,&c. for thepurpofes inthefaid ads, and certain articles may be imported, duty free, from any place in Briti/h veflels, belonging to places in amity with his Majefly. Same ad, f. 2.

4.  To repeal fo much of an ad, paffed in this feflion of parliament, as relates to importation, exportation, and carrying coaflwife of barley, oats, he. Chap. 83.

County Rate.

For empowering the juflices of the peace for the county of Middlefex, at their general or quarter fellions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the faid county. Chap. 65.

Courts Martial.

See Naval Courts Martial. Chap. 140. Cafioms.

1. Additional duties of cuftoms on fugar.

Brown

Dif

Brown and Mufcovado fugar of the Britijh plantations imported after Dec. 7, 1796)per s. d. hundred weight  -  26

Sugar imported by the Eaji India company -  -  26

All other fugar imported, per hundred weight  -  50

Chap. 15.

2.  An additional duty of per cent. on the amount of the duties of cuf-toms on goods imported, exported, or carried coaftwife, except wine and coals. Same a6\, f. 7.

3.  An additional duty of 10/. per cent. on the amount of the duties of cuftoms on the importation of brimftone, hemp, iron in bars, or unwrought, and haves. Same adt, r. 7.

4.  From July 18, 1797, an additional duty of cuftoms of 3d. per pound on pepper. Chap. no.

D.

Debtors.

1.  TT'ROM July 5, 1797, debtors’ JP weekly allowances by creditors to be 3*. 6d. and where more creditors than one infill on a debtor's detention, they are each to pay him 2s. weekly. Chap, 85.

2.  See Infolvent Debtors. Chap. 112.

Deeds.

See Stamps. Chap. 19.

Difcounts.

For allowing certain difcounts to the contributors of eighteen millions, raifed by annuities, by an a£t of the prefent feffion of parliament. Chap. 82.

Dra

Dijlilleries.

505

1.  An additional duty on licences granted ^after July 5, 1797, for erecting (tills in the highlands of Scotland, within the limits fpecified in 33 Geo. 3. 0. 61. (except as in this a<51 fpecified) for-each gallon of the contents, where barley, &c. is ufed, 61. 10s. per annum. Chap. 102.

2.  For each gallon diftilled above the quantity limited by this act, 4s. e^d. Same act.

3.  On licences granted for (tills in the parts fpecified in this act, for each gallon, 4/. per annum. Same a£t.

Dominica.

600/. to the chief juftice of the ifland of Dominica. Chap. 144.

Doughty, Elizabeth.

See Paving. Chap. 80.

Draining.

1.  To embank and drain the open and unembanked lands and grounds, lying between the dales Head Dyke, and the river Witham,

. in Walcot^ Timber land-Thorpe, Timber land., Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, in the county of Lincoln. Chap. 67.

2.  For charging the fen lands and low grounds in the bounds and precindts of Whittle fey, in the i(le of Ely, with taxes, and for improving and preferving the drainage of the laid lands and grounds. Chap. 68.

To alter and amend an a£t for draining and prefervation of Water beach level, in Cambridgejhire, and to eftablifti an agreement between

3

506  Eaf

tween the lord of the manor of

TVaterbeacb cum Denny, and the commoners within the faid manor; and alfo to raife a further fum of money for the improvement and fecurity of the faid level. Chap, 88.

4.  To amend and render more effectual an ad for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds in the ifle of Ely^ and Suffolk and Norfolk. Chap. 89.

5.  To amend an act for the effectual draining and prefervation of Haddenham level in the ifle of Ely. Chap. q6.

Drawbacks.

1.  For bricks made in Great Britain, and exported, a drawback of the duty impofed by this ad. Chap. 14.

2.  For tea exported to Ireland, or his Majesty’s plantations in America, a drawback of the duty impofed by this ad. Same ad.

3.  On brown and Mufcovado fugar of the Britiflj plantations, imported after Dec. 7, 1796, a drawback of the duty impofed by this ad to be allowed on exportation. Chap. 15. f. 3.

4.  On baflard fugar, &c. an additional drawback of 2sJ 6d. per hundred weight on exportation. Same ad, f. 4.

5.  On refined fugar an additional drawback of 4*. per hundred weight on exportation. Same ad, f, 5-

E.

Eajl India Company.

J^EE India (Eajl) Company.

• W

Emperor of Germany.

500,000/.—200,000/. & 920,000/. for loans to the emperor of Germany, Chap. 144.

Exchequer Bills.

1.  See Annuities. Chap. 9. 20.

2.  The treafury may raife 3,500,000/. by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year 1797. Chap.

114.

3.  1,110,000/. for difcharging exchequer bills. Chap. 144.

4.  1,370,000/. to pay exchequer bills iffued on the credit of the confoli-dated fund for 1796. Same ad.

5.  833,000/. to pay off exchequer bills. Same ad.

Excife.

See Auctions. Chap. 14. See Bricks. Same ad. See Cocoa Nuts. Same ad. See Spirits. Same ad. See Tea. Same ad.

Eyemouth.

See Harbours. Chap. 49.

F.

Fencible Cavalry.

1.  397,734/. 4s. 2d. for fencible cavalry. Chap. 144.

2.  95,000/. for allowances and extra feed to them. Same ad.

Fife% County of.

For regulating and converting the flatute labour in the county of Fife* and making and repairing the highways in the faid county. Chap. 52.

Fifheries.

1.  For altering and amending two

ads

Ger

adls for the regulation and improvement of the fifheries in the river Tweed. Chap. 48.

2.  To continue an adt for the encouragement of the Pilchard filhery. Chap. 94.

3.  To amend two adfs for the preservation of falmon and other fifh in the rivers within the counties of Soutbarnptonznd Wilts. Chap.95.

4.  To continue bounties for encou-raging the hfheries at Newfoundland. Chap. 9Q.

5.  To explain adt 35 Geo. 3. c. 92. for encouraging and regulating the Southern whale fiflieries. Chap. 121.

Flax and Flax Seed

May be imported in any veflel belonging to (fates in amity with his Majesty, until thirty days after the commencement of next feffion of parliament. Chap. 8.

Fleet Prifon.

4,515. 85. 1 id. for repairs of the Fleet Prifon. Chap. 114.

Francs.

1.  140,090/. for the refugee clergy and laity of France. Chap. 144.

2.  31,000/. more lor the fame. Same adi.

3.  180,000/. more for the fame. Same adt.

French Lawns.

See Cambricks. Chap, 72.

FOR guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of 1,620,000/. to the emperor of Ger-

Gue  507

many, and the regular redemption of the capital; for enabling the bank of England to retain the (urns granted for repaying advances made by them for the publick fervice, and for repaying to the contributors to the loans of 14,500,000/. and 1,620,000/. the excefs of their depofits beyond the proportional depofits to the faid loans. Chap. 59.

Glafs.

To continue an adt for better fe-curing the duties on glafs. Chap. 99.

Gloncefler.and Berkeley Canal.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 54.

Gold Coin.

See Coin. Chap. 126.

Gold Plate.

From July 5, 1797, an additional duty on gold plate imported or made in Great Britain of 8s. an ounce. Chap. 90. f. 16.

Great Tower Hill.

See Paving. Chap. 87.

Grenada, IJland of.

1.  For granting further relief to perfons connected with and trading to the iflands cf Grenada and Saint Vincents. Chap. 27.

2.  600,000/. for perfons connedted with the iflands of Grenada and Saint Vincents. Chap. 144.

Gucrnfey.

To permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat, flour, barley, &c. to the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey and Alderney. Chap. 125.

Harbours...

5°8

Hor

H.

Harbours.

1.  TT^OR repairing,improving, and JL1 maintaining the harbour of

Eyemouth, in Berwickjhire. Chap. 49’

2.  For repairing, deepening, enlarging and preferving the harbour of Barmouth in Mcrionethjhire. Chap. 50.

3.  For amending an aft for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramfgate, in

and for cleaning, amending and preferving the haven of Sandwich in the fame county. Chap. 86.

4.  For enlarging and improving the harbour of Aberdeen, for building new quays, wharfs and docks, and for making new roads and paffages to and from the faid harbour. Chap. joi.

5.  For difcontinuing the new harbour of Rye in Suffix, and for repealing feveral acts relating thereto, and for improvement of theold harbour of Rye. Chap. 130.

6.  For enlarging, deepening, improving and maintaining the harbour of Saltcoats, in the county of Ayr. Chap. 132.

HaftingSy Warren.

2,806/. 8s. for expences in profe-

cutionofhim. Chap. 144.

Highways.

See Fife, County of. Chap. 52.

Horfes.

I.  An additional duty of 35. a year for horfes and mules, chargeable under 36 Geo. 3. c. 15. and 20/. per cent on the amount of the duty. Chap. 106.

Hou

2.  From July 5, 1797, an additional duty of 5s. 'for each horfe kept above one, for riding or drawing coaches, &c. and 20/. per cent, on the amount of the duty. Chap.. 134.

Houfes.

An additional duty on inhabited houfes, viz.

For houfes rated at lefs than £. s. d. 7 Windows -  -010

f or 7  -  -  020

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25  to 29 30 to 34

35 to 39 40 to 44 45 to 49 50 to 54

55 t0 59 60 to 64 65 to 69 70 to 74 75 to 79 80 to 84 8 5 to 89 90 to 94 95 to 99 100 to 109 no to 119 J 20 to 129 130 to 139

-  0    6

-  0 '  ^3  0

-  0  4  0

-  0  4  6

-  0  5  6

-  0  6  6

-  0  7  6

-  Q  9  0

-  0  10  0

-  0  11  6

-  0  12  6

-  0  13  6

-  0  15  0

-  0  16  0

-  0  17  0

-  0  18  6

-  I  1  0

-  I  3  0

-  I  6  6

-  I  10  6

-  I  15  0

-  2  0  0

-  2  5  0

-  2  10  0

-  2  15  0

  3  0  0

-  3  5  0

-  3  10  0

  3  15  0

-  4  0  0

  4  5  0

-  4  10  0

-  5  0  0

-  5  10  0

-  6  0  0

  6  10  0

140 to

140 to 149  ~  700

150 to 159 *  7100

160 to 169  -  “850

170 to 179  -  -900

180 and upwards -  10  o*  o

Duties to be liable to addition of 20/. per cent. on the amount of the duty. Chap. 105.

Firft afleffment to be for three quarters of a year, from July 5, 1797, and afterwards for a year. Same ad, f. 6.

1.

Jerfey.

gEE Guernfey. Chap. 125.

Indentures.

See Stamps. Chap, 19.

India (Eaft) Company.

1.  The jEqft India company may, with confent of the treafury, add

2,000,000/. to their capital (lock. Chap. 31.

2.  To enable the Eajl India company to pay the expences of two regiments of infantry volunteers, to be raifed for the defence and protection of the houfe and warehoufes of the faid company. Chap. 74.

3.  For regulating the trade to be carried on with the Britijh poffef-fions in India, by the fhips of nations in amity with his Majesty. Chap. 117.

4.  For the better adminiftration of juftice at Calcutta, Aladras and Bombay, and for preventing Britijh fubjeds from being concerned in loans to the native princes in India. Chap. 142.

Infohent Debtors.

1.  For the relief of infolyent debtors. Chap, 112.

2.  Gaolers to make out lifts of pri-foners, who,on Jan. 1,1797, were in cuftody for debt, and deliver them at the quarter feftions, and lifts to be kept by clerks of the peace, which may be examined gratis, and three copies of lifts to be fixed up-in each prifon. Chap, 112, f. 2.

3.  Prifoners for debts under 1,200/. conforming to this ad, to be difcharged. Same ad, f. 4.

4.  Juftices, on petition of any pri-foner delivering a fchedule of his eftate, may ifTue their warrant for bringing him to the quarter fefih ons, and fchedules to remain with theclerk of the peace, forinfpediorj of creditors. Same ad, f. 5. j

5.  Debtors intending to apply foj their difcharge, to give previous notice three times in the Gazettej and deliver fchedules to the gaolei previous to the firft notice; debtors applying at thefeftions, proving notices were duly inferted, &c<; fhall in open court deliver in figned fchedules, and make oath as men^ tioned in the ad; and the fchedule and oath to be fubfcribed in court, and remain with the clerk of the peace, for perufal of creditors, and debtor’s oath not being difproved, the court to order his difcharge. Same ad, f. 8.

6.  Eftate and effeds of difcharged debtors vefted in the clerk of the peace, who is to aftign the fame to inch creditor, as the court fhall di-led, and aflignecs to get in effeds, and fell them, and make a dividend in three months ; but thirty days notice of making dividend to be given. Same ad, f. 12,

7.  Eftates of debtors not inserted in fchedules to be vefted in the clerk of the peace, and fchedule to be produced by clerks of the peace to creditors, and figned copies to be evidence, and refufing to produce

fchedules

5i°  ,  Inf

fchedules to forfeit io/. and treble cods. Chap. 112. f. 15.

8.  Affignees to compound with lords of manors for copyhold or cuftom-ary eftates, and debtor’s right only to be affedfed by this adt, and mortgages to take place of claims of an inferior nature, and power of leafing lands vefted in affignees. Same adf, f. 20.

9.  The adling gaoler, at the time of delivering lifts, to be the perfon fworn, and the court at requeft of creditors may examine gaolers on oath, touching commitments, and 100/. penalty on gaolers, &c. difobeying orders of court, &c. and gaolers and printer of the Gazette, not complying with the regulations of this adt, to forfeit 100/. and 500/. penalty on gaolers perjuring themfelves. Same adt, f. 24.

10.  20/. penalty on clerks of the peace refufing to give copies of adjudications of difcharge, &c. Same adf, f. 29.

11.  Debtors forfwearing themfelves to be deemed guilty of perjury, and debtors difcharged by this adf not

' liable to imprisonment for debts prior to Jan. 1, 1797, but prifon-ers, who on application as infol-vent debtors, have been remanded back, &c. and difcharged without their confent, intitled to the benefit of this adf, and this act may be pleaded to any action of efcape. Same adt, f. 30.

12.  Attornies receiving money for their clients or fervants, &c. embezzling their maker’s money, or perfons obtaining goods, &c. by falfe pretences, or fraudulently re-moving goods within fix years, liable to rent, or any perfon having fold or affigncd any part of his eftate or effects, alter being in cuftody, to defraud his creditors, to lofe the benefit of this adt. Same act, f. 36.

Inf

13.  Gaolers to permit prifoners to be fpoken with, on penalty of 40/. and gaolers making falfe entries to forfeit 500/. Chap. 112. f. 40.

14.  Debtors refufing to difcover the trade and abode of the perfon at whose fuit detained, &c. to be excluded the benefit of this adt. Same adt. fi 42.

15.  Juftices may hold a fefiion for difcharge of prifoners near the county gaol, and jultices for the diftridt of Holland, in Lincolnjhire, may adjourn near the county gaol, and for Surrey, juftices may adjourn to Southwark. Same adt, f- 43-

16.  Prifoners in cuftody for fees to be difcharged, but this adf not to extend to debtors to the crown or revenue. Same adt, f. 46.

17.  Determination of juftices to be final, unlefs the prifoner get rid of the objedfion, and prifoners feized of eftates tail to deliver them up ; affignees may apply for the further examination of debtors, and twenty pounds per cent, for difcovering any part of debtor's eftate notcom-prifed in the fchedule, and difcharge obtained fraudulently void, and affignees with confent of creditors may compound for debts, and fubmit difputes to arbitration, and one hundred pounds penalty for concealing, eftates of debtors; and if affignees die, others may be appointed, and courts at Wejl-minjler, on complaint againft affignees, may remove them, and where mutual credit hasbeen given, the balance to be ffated. Same adt, f. 48.

18.  Prifoners for non-payment of cofts, or on procefs of courts of confcience, entitled to the benefit of this adt. Same adt, f. 58.

19.  Quaker’s affirmation to be taken, but this adt not to extend to Scotland. Same adf, f. 60.

Infurances.

 Googl

Lan

Infurances.

I.  From July 5, 1797? an additional duty of 6d. per cent. on in-furances from lofs by fire Chap.

90. f. 19.  5.  d.

Policies of infurance under    

1,000/.  3  0

,—for 1,000/. and upwards  6  0

Same adt, f. 24.    

Ireland.

1.  For making certain annuities created by the parliament of Ireland transferable, and the dividends payable at the bank of England, and for fecurity of the proprietors and governor and company of the bank of England. Chap. 46.

2.  1,500,000/. for loan to Ireland. Chap. 144.

Journals.

1.  7,000/. for printing journals of the houfe of commons. Chap. 144.

2.  869/. 195. for index to the lords journal. Same adt.

K.

Kent, County of.

FOR reverting lands &c. in the county of Iient, in the former proprietors thereof. Chap. 66.

Kings Bench Prifon.

5,672/. 3*. 3\d. for repairs of the King's Bench Prifon. Chap. 144.

L.

Land Forces.

1.  15,488,089/. 2s. 10d. for land forces in 1797. Chap, 144,

Lan  5 f I

2.  1*505,905/. 15. for 60,765 effective men, officers, &c. in Great Britain, Jerfeyand Guernfey. Chap.

144*

3.  1,411,231 /. 195. $d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Cor-fua, Cape of Good Hope and New South Wales. Same a Cl.

4.  40,096/. 95. 9^. for difference between Britijh and Irijh pay of fix regiments abroad. Same adt.

5.  13,335/. 185. for recruiting regiments in Eaft India. Same adt.

6.  360,000/. for recruiting contingencies, See. Same adt.

7.  94,195/. 145. for general, ftaff, and hofpital officers in Great Britain.., &c. Same adt.

8.  70,000/. for horfe furniture and cloathing to augmentations of the forces in 1796. Same a<5f.

9.  7,5.00/. for allowances to reduced officers of the Britijh American forces, and 52,500/. on account of them. Same adt.

10.  125/. 35. 4d. for reduced and fuperannuated gentlemen of the horfe guards. Same adt.

11.  118,874/. 165. 8d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. Same adt.

12.  180,000/. for quartering foldiers. Same acf.

13.  136,675/. 145. 3d. for fuper-numerary officers. Same adt.

14.  1,000/. for officers late in the fervice of the rtates general. Same adt.

15.  13^^779^- J7S• 1 d. to the paymaster general, fecretary at war, Sic. Same adt.

16.  11,602/. 75. 3d. for widows* penfions. Same acl,

17.  224,000/. for additional pay to non-commiffioned officers and privates of the land forces. Same adt.

18.  60,000/. for allowances to fub-alterns, &c. of the land forces. Same adt.

19.  381,637L 175. for foreign corps. Same adt.

20.3,280,513/.

 CjOO^l^

Mil

512  Liv

20.  3,280,513/. 135. 2d. for extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 25, 1795ot0 Dec. 6, 1796. Chap. 144.

21.  106,962/. 135. 4J. for the fame, from Dec. 7, to 24, 1796. Same a£t.

22.  438,000/. for the fame, previous to Jan. 5, 1797. Same a6t. .

23.  4,000,000/. for the fame, for

1797.  Same a<5t.

Land Lax.

1.  For 1797, to be 4s. in the pound. Chap. 2.

2  For appointing com mi Hi oners to put in execution the land tax aCt. Chap. 35.

3.  For aflefling the commiflioners of the tax office and their officers to the land tax in the diftriCt called offices, executed in Wejlminjler Hall. Chap. 128.

Leafes.

See Stamps. Chap. 19.

Legacies.

To explain and amend ad 36 Geo. 3. c. 52. f. 32. refpecling legacies. Chap. 135.

Leicefter Canal.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 51.

Letters.

See Pojlage of Letters. Chap. 18. 141.

Licences.

See Dijlilleries. Chap. 102.

Liverpool.

For the regulation and encouragement of pilots conducing fhips in and out of the port of Liverpool. Chap. 78.

Lottery.

646,250/. to be raifed by a lottery, tickets at 1 il. 155. each, and 500,000/. to be paid in prizes on July 1, 1798. Chap. 113.

M.

Macklin, Thomas.

FOR enabling Thomas Macklin to difpofe of his collection of modern paintings, as now exhibited at his gallery in Fleet Street, by way of chance. Chap. 133.

Madras.

See India (Eajl) Company. Chap. 142.

Maidjlone Geneva.

To permit mefTrs. Bifop to make Maidjlone Geneva, until July 5, 1799, fubjeCt to the prefent duties. Chap. 99.

Malt.

Duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, continued for the fervice of the year 1797. Chap. 1.

• Marines

*

Regulated while on fhore. Chap. 34.

Metcombe Regis, Dorfetjhire.

See Weymouth. Chap. 129,

Milbrooke, Hampjhire.

See Churches. Chap. 55.

Militia.

I.  For providing an augmentation to . the militia, to be trained and exer-cifed; and for enablinghis Majesty

to

Mut

to caufe the fame to be embodied in cafe of neceffity, for# the defence of thefe kingdoms. Chap. 3.

2.  To explain and amend the above aChap. 22.

3.  For better raifing and ordering the militia forces of the Tower, Hamlet s> in the county of Middlefex. Chap. 25-

4.  For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia for the year 1797. Chap. 38.

5.  To enable his Majesty to embody the Tower Hamlets militia. Chap. 75-

6.  To raife and embody a militia force in Scotland. Chap. 103.

7.  For making allowances to fub-altern officers of the militia in time of peace. Chap. 116.

8.  950.441/. 3*. 6d. for militia and fencible infantry, and 210,000/. for their contingencies. Chap. I44«

9- 112,811/. for militia cloathing. Same a£t.

10. 177,000/. for pay and cloathing of militia. Same a<£h

Middlefex.

See County Rate. Chap. 65.

Mules.

See Horfes. Chap. 106.

Mutiny.

1.  For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Chap. 33.

2.  Any perfon who final! attempt to feduce any failor or foldier from his duty, or incite him to mutiny, &c. on convi&ion to fuffer death. Chap. 70.

3.  For more effectually retraining intercourfe with the crews of certain of his Majesty's fhips now in a ftate of mutiny and rebellion, and

Vol. XL1.

Nav  513

for the more effe&ual fuppreflion of such mutiny and rebellion. Chap. 71.

N.

National Debt.

200,000/. towards the reduction of the national debt. Chap. 115. J44-

Naval Courts Martial.

To enable his Majesty more eafily and effectually to grant conditional pardons to perfons under fentence by naval courts martial, and to regulate imprifonment under such fentences. Chap. 140.

Naval Services.

8,033,673/. is, yd. for naval fer-vices for 1797. Chap. 144.

Navigable Canals.

See Canals, Navigable.

Navy.

1.  For raifing men in the feveral counties in England for the navy. Chap. 4. 24.

2.  For railing men in the feveral counties, -he. in Scotland for the navy. Chap. 5. 39.

3.  372,000/. granted to his Majesty for increafe of pay and allowance to feamen and marines. Chap. 53-

4.  Seamen and marines wounded to receive their wages and allowances until their wounds are healed. Same a61, f. 2.

Navy Bills.

1.  See Annuities. Chap. 9. 20.

2.  Navy bills after pafting this a6l to be made payable not later than

L 1  three

514  New

three months after date, Chap„

26.

Navy Debt.

5,000,000/. for difcharging the navy debt. Chap. 144.

Negroes.

To repeal fo much of an ad, for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majeftv’s plantations and colonies in America, as makes negroes chattels for the payment of debts. Chap. 119.

Neutral Ships.

To continue feveral ads refpeding the admiilion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the bluing of orders in council for that purpose. Chap. 12.

New Branfwick.

4,550/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap, 144.

Newfoundland.

1.  Szz Fi(bevies. Chap. 99.

2.  1,232/. IC5. for the civil eftablKliment there. Chap. 144.

3.  693/. 155. for the chief juftice of Newfoundland. Same ad.

New South Wales.

1* 5’523^ 105 • for the civil eftablifh-ment there. Chap. 144.

2,  31,825/. 14s. id. for the fettle-meat at New South Wales. Same a St.

3.  30,000/. more for the fame. Same act.

Newfpapers.

From July 5, 1797 an additional duty of one penny-halfpenny a newf-puper. Chap. 90. f. 2.

0^

Northampton.

See Paving. Chap. 42.

North Britain.

4,500/. for roads and bridges in

North Britain. Chap. 144.

Notes.

1.  AcSls 15 Geo. 3. c. 15. and 17 Geo. 3. c. 30. fo far as they relate to making void notes under five pounds payable to bearer, fufpended until May 1, 1797. Chap. 32.

2.  If notes are not paid within three days after demand, a jufiice may order payment with cofis, and on neglcd may caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs. Same ad, f. 3.

3.  Time allowed for payment of notes to be seven days, and c. 32. of this feflion continued to July 8, 1797. Chap.461.

4.  Chapters 32 and 61 of this feflion continued until fix weeks after the commencement of next feflion of parliament. Chap. 120.

5.  The bank of Scotland, &c. may iffue notes payable to bearer on demand under twenty (hillings. Chap. 40.

6.  Perfons in Scotland who have iflued notes under twenty (hillings prior to pafling this ad indemnified. Same ad, f. 2.

7.  Chapters 40 and 62 of this fef-fion continued until thirty days after the commencement of next feflion of parliament. Chap. 137.

Nova Scotia.

5,915/. for the civil eftablifhment

there. Chap. 144.

o.

Oaths.

FOR preventing the adminiftering or taking of unlawful oaths.

Pav

Order in Council.

1.  See Neutral Ships. Chap. 12.

2.  See Cajh. Chap, 45.

Ordnance.

1.  1,009,024/. 91. 2^. for land fer-vice ot ordnance for 1797* Chap. J44-

2.  j 14,553/* 19*. 9^* f°r the fatTie

in 1795. Same ad.

3.  74,830/. oj. 3^/. for fea fervice of ordnance in 1795. Same ad.

4.  425,366/. 10;. 6<f. for land fer-of ordnance in 1796. Same ad.

P.

Parliament.

1.  TT O fhorten the time now

A required of notice for the meeting of parliament, and to provide for the meeting of parliament in cafe of a deinife of the crown. Chap. 127.

2.  To amend an ad for fecuring the freedom of eledion of members to ferve in parliament, by extending the provifions thereof to perfons voting in any meeting of freeholders for prefes or clerk in Scotland, &c. Chap. 138.

Paving.

1.  For altering and amending ad 18 Geo. 3. for paving, &c. Northampton. Chap 42.

2.  For amending ad 33 Geo. 3. for paving, &c. Ipjwich. Chap. 44.

3.  For paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching all ftreets which fhall be made upon a piece of ground belonging to Elizabeth Doughty, in the parifh of St. Pan eras, Middle]ex. Chap. 80.

4.  For paving, lighting, watching,

Pof515

cleanfing, watering, improving, and keeping in repair Great Power Hill. Chap. 87.

Pilchards.

See Fijheries. Chap. 94.

Pilots.

See Liverpool. Chap. 78.

Plymouth Dock.

See Churches. Chap. 43.

- Poor.

For amending and rendering more effedual feveral ads relating to the poor of the parifh of Gbrift Churchy Middlefex. Chap. 79.

Portugal, Queen of.

500,000.  for the queen of Portugal.-Chap. J44.

Poflage of Letters.

In England.

For letters carried by the s. d. poft any diftance, not exceeding 15 miles Angle .  o  3

double  o  6

treble  0  9

one ounce  1  0

Above 1 c miles, and not ex-    

eeeding 30 miles, Angle  0  4.

double  0  8

treble  1  0

one ounce  i  4

Above qo miles, and not ex-    

eeeding 60 miles, Angle  0  5

double  0  10

treble  1  3  8

one ounce  i  

Above 60 miles, and not ex-    

eeeding 100 miles, Angle  0  6

double  1  0

treble  1  6

one ounce  2  0

Lla  Above  

San

516  Pri

Above 100 miles, and not  S.  d.

exceeding 150 miles, fingle  0  7

double  1  2

treble  1  9

one ounce  2  4

150 miles or upwards, fingle  0  8

double  1  4

treble  2  0

one ounce  2  8

In Scotland. Additional rates for poftage

of letters, fingle  0  1

double  0  2

treble  0  3

one ounce  0  4

Portugal.    

From Great Britain to Por~  -  

tugaly fingle letters  1  0

double  2  0

treble  3  0

one ounce  4  0

America.

From Great Britain to any port within the Britijh dominions in America, Tingle letters  1  o

double  2  o

treble  3  o

one ounce  4  o

Chap. 18.

Letters to or from Portugal or America, chargeable with the inland rates. Same ad. f. 6.

The deputy to the clerk of the houfe of commons may fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of poftage. Chap. 141.

Princefs Royal.

80,000/. for the portion of the princefs royal. Chap. 144.

Qi

Qualifications.

AC T of qualifications for offices. Chap. 11.

R.

Ramfgate, Kent.

E E Harbours. Chap. 86.

Rate.

See County Rate. Chap. 65*

Rye Sujfex.

See Harbours. Chap. 130.

S.

Sail Cloth.

FROM July 5, 1797, no bounty to be allowed on the exportation of Britijh fail cloth or canvas to Ireland. Chap. 76.

Saint John> IJland of.

1,900/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 144.

Saint Vincents, IJland of.

See Grenada, IJland of. Chap. 144,

Saltcoats, Ayrfihire.

See Harbours. Chap. 132.

Sandwich, Kent.

See Harbours• Chap. 86.

Scotland.

 CjOOQle

Si!

Scotland.

See Army. Chap. 5.  39.  See

Navy* Chap. 5. 39. See Stills. Chap. 17. See Notes* Chap. 40. 62. 137. See Di[tilleries. Chap. 102. See Militia. Chap. 103. See Parliament. Chap. 138.

Seamen.

1.  See Mutiny. Chap. 70.

2.  To amend ad 33 Geo 3. c. 66. for the enoyragement of Teamen, and for the better and more effedually manning the navy. Chap. 109.

Servants.

An additional duty on male fer-vants.  £.  s.

For two each  o  10

For three  or Tour,  each  o  15

For more  than  four,  each  1 ‘  o

Chap. 107.

Service abroad.

1.  71,431 /. 5;. n|d. for his Ma-jetty’s fervice abroad. Chap. 144.

2.  1,345/. 19;. 3^. more for the fame. Same a6t.

3.  150,000/. for fecret fervice abroad. Same act.

Ships.

For granting to foreign (hips, put under his Majesty’s protedion, the privileges of prize (hips, under regulations. Chap. 63.

. Silk.

Organzined thrown ttllc may be imported in fhips belonging to any kingdom in amity with his Ma-jetty, until thirty days after the commencement of next feflion 0i parliament. Chap. 8.

Som  Sl7

Silver Coin.

See Coin. Chap. 126.

Silver Plate.

From July 5, 1797, an additional, duty on filver plate imported or made in Great Britain of 6d. an ounce. Chap. 90. f, 16.

Slaves.

1.  For regulating the (hipping of flaves in Briti/h vettels from the coatt of Africa. Chap. 104.

2.  For regulating the height between decks of vettels entered outwards for carrying flaves from the coatt of Africa. Chap. 118.

Soldiers.

1.  Non-comtnifTioned officers and foldiers to allow 10d. a day, for diet and fmall beer in quarters in England, and for articles which have been fur-ni filed gratis in lieu thereof, 2d. a day to be allowed. Chap.

41;

2.  For horfes quartered, 10\d. a day, for hay and ttraw. Same ad. f. 3.

3.  Regulations, with refped to dieting non-commiflioned officers and foldiers on their march, and re-.cruiting parties and recruits. Same ad. f. 5.

4.  See Mutiny. Chap. 70.

Solicitors.

See Attornies. Chap. 60.

Somers IJland.

See Bermuda. Chap. 144.

Speaker

5i8  Spi  Spi

Speaker of  the Houfe  of Commons.  Pa!d b)' ,he importer or

J  proprietor, on demand

68x/. lbs. \i.for fixtures at the 8. For such fpirits of a greater lioufe of the fpeaker of the houfe of ftrength, than one to ten commons.  Chap. 144.  ove,r hydrometer proof,

and not exceeding three o . -  per cent, above one to ten

Pl *  over hydrometer proof, an

Additional duties of excife on additional-duty in propor-

fpirits.

For every, gallon of fermented wort or wafh made in England, for extracting fpirits for home coofump-tion, from malt, corn, &c. and not actually diftilled into fpirits before Dec. 9, 1796

2.  bor every gallon of cyder or perry from Britijb materials

3.  For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh from melafles or fugar

4.  For every gallon of wafh, from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials

5.  For every 96 gallons of wafh, which fir JVilliam Bijhop and company [hall produce from one hundred and twelve pounds weight of malt

6.  For every gallon, Engl'ifh wine meafure, of fpirits, not exceeding one to ten, over hydromerer proof, made in Scotland, and imported into England after Dec. 9, 1796

7.  For every gallon, Englljh wine meafure, of such fpirits imported from Scotland into England, or found in any fhip or veil'd, &c. or upon any quay, wharf, &c. not charged with any duty by this a£tq to be

tion to the furplus ftrength. s. d. 9- For such fpirits found in any fhip or veffel, &c. or upon any quay wharf, &c. an additional duty in'proportion to the furplus ftrength, to be paid by the importer or proprietor.

O I 10. For every gallon of fingle brandy imported into Great Britain, after Dec. 9, 1796 O' I 11* For every gallon of brandy above proof 12» For every gallon of rum, Oil  fpirits, or aqua vita, of the

produce of the B&dtijh colonies or plantations 13 For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, above O 2  proof

14. For every gallon of rum or fpirits, of the produce of the Britijb plantations, or warehoufed and delivered for home confumotion 2 81  15.  Forever  gallon of rum

or fpirits, of the produce of the Britijb plantations, above proof

16.  For every gallon of fingle fpirits, or aqua vita (other than such brandy, rum,

O 54 or fpirits as aforesaid,) imported into Great Britain after Dec. 9, 1796

17.  For every gallon of fpirits, or aqua vita (other than such brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid) above proof"

Chap. 14.



Goo<

s. d.

0 5*

0 10 x 8

x 4

0  8

1  4-

0  10

1  8

Stage

Sta

Stage Coaches.

From Jan. 5, 1797, an additional duty of one penny a mile on ftage • coaches. Chap. 16.

Stamps.

1.  For more effectually fecuring the ffamp duties on indentures, leafes, bonds and other deeds. Chap. iq.

2.  From July 5, 1797, the following additional ftamp duties.

£• s. <>• Admifiion into a corporation or company  040

-------into  inns  ofjchan-

eery  400

-------into inns of court 820

--------of  fellow  of the

college of phyficians or of attorney, &c.  800

Agreements  030

Awards  050

Beneficial warrants under fign manual of his Majesty  .  O 12 6

Bills of exchange, &c.  *

payable on demand of 4os, and under 5/. 51.  o o I

Above 5/. 5s. and under 30/.  002

Above 30/. and under 50/. o o 3 Above 50/. and under 100/.  004

Above 100/. and under 200/.  006

Bills of exchange, &c. payable otherwife than on demand, of 40$, and under 30/.  002

Above 30/. and under 50/.  003

Above 50/. and under 100/.  004

Above 100/. and under 20c/.  006

Bills of ex.change above 200/.

Sta  5!9  

•  S.  d.

Bills of lading 0  I  0

Bonds not exceeding    

100/. 0  3  0

  -above 100/. and    

under 500/. 0  JO  0

  of 500/. 0  *5  0

  of 1,000/. 0  10  0

  of 2,000/. 1  0  0

  of 5,000/. or up-    

wards 2  0  P

Other bonds 0  3  0

Certificates or deben-    

tures, for drawbacks 0  2  0

Collation or prefenta-    

tion to benefices 6  0  0

Deeds enrolled of record 0  10  0

Copies of wills 0  0  3

Attefted copies of deeds 0  6  8

Difpenfations 10  0  0

Exemplifications 1  0  0

Grants, or letters patent,    

or exemplifications'thereof 8  0  0

Grants palling the great

or privy feal, feal of the exchequer, &c. and grants

of office  6  0  0

Indentures, deeds, &c.  0  3  0

Inftitutions or licences  0  15  0

Inventories of furniture,      

goods, &c.  0  2  6

Letters of mart  0  15  0

Matriculations  0  4  0

Pardons  6  0  0

Paflports'  0  1  P

Probates of wills or let-      

ters of adminiflration above      

300/.  2  10  q

    above 600/.  1  10  Q

  above 1,000/.  2  0  O

—  above 2,000/.  4  0  O

    above 5.000/.  5  0  0

  above 10,000/.  5  0  0

Promilfory notes to bearer on demand re-ifluabfe, where firft ilTued, of 4c;.

and under 5/. 5s.  0  0  1

  above 5/. 5;. and      

under 30/.  0  0  2

    above 30/. and      

under 50/.  0  0  3

Pro mil lory

520  Sta

PromifTory notes above 50/. and under 300/.

j.-------above ioo;. and

under 2007.

PromifTory notes to bearer on demand, re-iffuablc at any place, of 40;, and under 5/. 5s.

-------above 5/. 55. and

under 30/.

PromiiTory notes to bearer, payable other,wife than on demand, of 40;. and under 30/.

-—-----above  30/. and

under 50/.

-------above  50/. and

under ico/.

-------above  100/. and

under 200/.

PromifTory notes exceeding 200/.

Proteft

Recognizances Regifters. he. of degrees in the universities

-------in inns of court

Surrenders and admittance to copyhold

Copies of furrender or admittance to eftates not copyhold

Transfers of fleck (except bank of England, and South Sea companyJ

Writs of covenant or entry

Appeal from courts of admiralty, &c.

Anfwer in courts of admiralty, he.

Libel, he. in the fame Perfonal decree, he. in the fame, or copy thereof Sentence given in the' fame

£- sd. 0 0 4

0 0 6

0.0 2 0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 8 0 2 0 O 10 O

2 0 0 I4l° °

0  3°

0 3 0

o 100

0150

6  o

030

026

050

o 100

exhibited in the

fame  0  2  0

Surrenders, charters, See. retours of fervice, he.

Sti

faifines and furrenders of £. s. d. burgage tenure, he. in Scotland  049

Almanacks  004

Foreign bills of exchange under 100/.  0 0  2

-------Above 100/. and

under 200S  0 0 3

-------Above 200/.  004

Chap. 90.

3.  After Augujl 1, 1797, an additional ftamp duty of 10s. on every deed. Chap. hi.

4.  To enable the commiflioners of Stamp duties to ftamp deeds and other inhruments, bills of exchange, promiflory and other notes, in certain cafes. Chap* 136*

Stills.

I* An additional duty of excife on Hills, per gallon Stills ufed for making fpirits from Britifh materials in Scotland, to annually 36/.

Stills where melaffes or fugar are ufed to!.

Where other foreign materials are ufed 72/.

Rectifying Hills to pay annu-ally 36/.

Stills ufed in England, for making Spirits from Britijh materials for exportation to Scotland 36/. Where melafles or fugar are ufed 60/.

Where other foreign materials are ufed 72/.

Rectifying (tills for exportation to Scotland 36/. Chap. 17.

2.  DiStillers in Scotland may deliver up their licences before Jan. 20, 1797, and receive a proportional part of the duty paid. Same a<5t, f. 5.

3.  Where entry lias been made of more Hills than one, fome may ceafe, and others continue to be worked. Same aft, f. 6.

Stocks.

Tre

Uni'

521

Stocks.

From Aug. 1, 1797, perfons forging the names of witnefles to letters of attorney, for the transfer or receipt of dividends of hocks at the bank. South Sea or Eajl India company’s hocks, to be guiity of felony, and may be tranfported for seven years. Chap. 122.

Sugar.

See Drawbacks. Chap. 15.

T.

2”ax Office. gEE Land Tax. Chap. 128.

Tea.

1.  Additional duties of excife on tea. For tea fold at the Eaff India company’s fales for 25. 6d. per pound, or upward?, after Dec. 7, 1796, 10/, per cent, to be paid by pur-chafers to the company, and by them to the excife

2.  See Drawbacks. Chap. 14.

Tower Hamlets.

See Militia. Chap. 25.

Tranfport Bills.

I.  Tranfport bills, after paffing this ad, to be made payable not larer than three months after date. Chap. 26. v 2. See Annuities. Chap. 9. 20.

Treafury.

1,650,000/. to pay bills on the trea» fury. Chap. 144.

Vol. XLL

Trent and Merfey Canal.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 21*

Trinidad, IJland of.

For making the port of SW Jofeph in theifland of Trinidad a free port. Chap. 77.

Turkey Company.

1.  Perfons free of the Turkey Company may import goods which have been heretofore imported from Turkey, Egypt, &c. in fhips built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or to any (fate in amity with his Majesty* Chap. 84*

2.  No entry to pafs at the cuftont houfe until a certificate be produced that the importer is free of the Turkey company. Same ad,

f 2.

3.  Goods heretofore imported from any port of Europe^ within the {freights of Gibraltar, except such as might be imported only from the dominions of the grand feignior, may be imported from any place not being within those dominions, &c. Same ad. f. 3..

Tweed River.

See Fijheries. Chap. 48. v

u.

United States of America.

TO continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the united fiates of America. Chap.

M m ' '

V.

Veterinary College.

1,500/. for the Veterinary College. Chap. 144.

ViEluailing Bills.

1.  Vidualling bills, afrer paffing this a£t, to be made payable not later than three months after date. Chap. 26.

2.  See Annuities. Chap. 9. 20.

Vincents {Saint) IJland of

See Grenada,  $/.  Chap.  27.

w.

Watches. gEEOwb and Watches. Chap. 108.

Waterheach, Cambridgefhire. See Draining. Chap. 88.

Weights and Balances.

To explain and amend ad 35 Geo. 3. c. 102. refpe&ing the‘ufe of defective weights and falfe balances. Chap. 143.

Weft India Iftands.

To indemnify governors, lieutenant-governors, &c. in the 0^/?

/«<&? iflands who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods in foreign bottoms. Chap. 64.

Indies.

x, From^Wy 1, 1797, feamen de-ferting from merchant (hips, to or from the Weft Indies, to forfeit their wages, and matters hiring feamen who have deferted from any other fhip, to forfeit 100/. Chap. 73.

2.  No matter failing from Great

Britain, after  I,  1797,  to

hire feamen in the Weft Indies at more than double wages, unlefs authorifed by the governor, &c. Same add, f. 3.

3.  Every fhip trading to the Weft Indies, to have an apprentice under feventeen years old for every one hundred tons burthen. Same ad, f. 4.

Wtftminfter Hall.

See Land Tax. Chap. 128.

Weymouth, Dorfetfhire.

For fupplying Weymouth and Melcombe Regis in Dorfetfhire with water. Chap. 129.

Y.

Tcldham, yV/tf

T? O R difcharging the eftates of JD Teldham efq; from certain demands of the crown. Chap. 47.

END OF PART I. VOL. XLI,



THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis,

Britannia, Francia, et Hibernia, ceftmo oSiavo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-fxth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,  King,defender of the faith, &c.  And from

thence continued, by feveral prorogations, to the fecond day of November 1797; being the fecondfejfion of the eighteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An aft to amend and continue, until one month after the conclufion of the prefent war, the provifions contained in an aft, pajfed in the fejfion of parliament of the thirty-fxth and thirty feventh years of his prefent Majejly, chapter ninety-one, videlicet, on the twenty-fecond of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the rejlriftion on payments of cajh by the bank.—[Nov. 30, 1797.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the laf fejfion of parliament, Preamble.

intituled\ An a<5t to continue, for a limited time, an adt made in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, c An a<5t for 37 Geo. 3, confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the reflridlion c* 9I* contained in the minute of council of the twenty-fixtb day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payments of cafh by the bank, under certain regulations and reftridtions and ivh ere as it is expedient that certain parts of the Vol. XLI.  N  n  f\id

524 Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. x. [1797.

faid aSi^ which will expire in one month after the commencement of the prefent JeJJion of parliament, Jhould be further continued-: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enadled by the King's moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority The bank not of the fame. That, during the continuance of this adl, it (hall to iffiie cafh not be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of tocertahi^^ ^n$and to *1^ue an}' ca^ payment of any debt or demand provifions. whatfoever, except according to the provifions herein-after con-Duringfuch tained; and that, during the continuance of the reffriction reftridtion no hereby impofed on payments by the faid governor and company (hit to be pro- in Ca(h, no adlion or fuit fliall be profecuted againft the faid compel pay governor and company to compel payment of any note of the ment of notes laid governor and company exprefTed to be payable on demand, which the or to compel payment of any note of the faid governor and com-bank (hall be pany made payable otherwife than on demand, which the faid chan”! forX" &ove,nor and company (hall be willing to exchange for any note other notes. or notes of equal amount exprefTed to be payable on demand, or to compel payment of any fum of money whatfoever by the faid governor and company, which the faid governor and company fhall be willing to pay in notes of the faid governor and com-The bank pany expreffed to be payable on demand ; and it (hall be lawful or £^e governor and company, during the continuance of proceeding^ the reftri&ion aforefaid on payments in cafh, to apply to the court wherein any a<5lion or fuit (hall be brought, or (hall be depending, againft the faid governor and company, to ftay proceedings therein, in a fummary way ; and in cafe such adlion or fuit (hall be brought to compel payment of any note or notes of the faid governor and company made payable on demand, it fliall be lawful for the faid governor and company to apply to the faid court to flay all proceedings in such action or fuit until the expiration of the time herein-after linlited for the continuance of such reftridlion as aforesaid, and such court fhall ftay all proceedings accordingly: and in like manner it (hall be lawful for the faid governor and .company to apply to any court in which anv adtion or fuit (hall be brought or depending for the purpose of compelling payment by the faid governor and company of any note of the laid governor and company payable otherwife than on demand, or of any other debt or demand whatfoever, to ftay all proceedings againft the faid governor and company in such adlion or Tuition payment of such fum of money as (hall appear to be juflly due, or which might be recovered in such adiion or fuit, by delivery of notes of the faid governor and company for the amount thereof exprefTed to be payable on demand, if the party or parties to whom such money fhall appear to be due fhall be willing to accept payment thereof in such notes, and thereupon such court fhall order all proceedings to be flayed accordingly ; but if the party or parties entitled ro any such money fhall refufe to accept payment thereof by delivery of such notes of the faid governor and company, exprefTed to be payable on 5  demand

1797-1' Annoregni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. t. 525

demand as aforesaid, the faid court (hall order all proceedings againft the faid governor and company in such aftlon or fuit to be flayed until the expiration of the time herein-after limited for the continuance of such redricdion on payments in cafh as afore-faid : provided always, T hat if it fhall appear to such court to be The court neceffary, for the purpose of afcertaining the amount of any de- niay permit mand on the faid governor and company, or orherwife for the furtherance of judice, that any proceedings fhould be had for afcertain the any such purpose, it fhall be lawful for the faid court to permit amount of proceedings to be had in any such adlion or fuit for such necef- ^y_demand fary purpose only, or to afcertain the amount of such demand, in °r for\hefur« a fummary way, as the nature of the particular cafe may require, therance of and as fhall be confident with the reftricTion on payments in cafh juflice. hereby impofed : provided alfo, That no cods fhall be recovered Nocoftstobe againd the faid governor and company, in any adlion or fuit given unleis which, during the continuance of the redriblion aforesaid, fhall ^hfn^the1 ache brought or profecuted for the purpose of compelling payment tionneceffary. by the faid governor and company of any debt or demand, unlefs the court wherein the fame (hall be brought or profecuted fhall be of opinion that the fame was neceffary for the purpose of afcertaining the amount of such debt or demand, or the title thereto, and in such cafe such court may direcd the payment of such cods by the faid governor and company in their notes expreffed to be payable on demand, if the party or parties entitled to such cods fhall be willing to accept such notes; and if such party or parties (hall refufe. to accept such notes, then such court fhall day all proceedings to compel payment of such cods until after the expiration of the redridlion on payments by the faid governor and company in cafh, herein contained.

II.  Provided always, and it is hereby enadled, That nothing The bank

in this act contained (hall extend to redrain the faid governor and Pa>r dfue cafh company from ifluing any fum of money lefs than twenty flail- ^^rtaiu lings, in cafh in payment of any debt or demand not amounting to twenty (hillings, or in payment of fo much of any larger debt or demand as fhall be a fractional part of twenty lhillings over and above the refidue of such debt or'deinand ; or from iffuing any fum of money in cafh for the iervices of the army, navy, or ordnance, in purfuance of an order of his Majedy’s privy council, dating the fpecial purpose for which such iifue diall be required, and the neceffity for the fame; all which orders of council fhall be laid before both houfes of parliament within three days after the date of each of such order, if parliament fhall be then fitting, and if not, then within three days after the fitting of parliament.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enaTed, Thar, during The bank not

the continuance of the redricStion by this acSl impofed on pay- to advance ments by the faid governor and company, in ca(h, it (hall not  ^/or

be lawful for the faid governor and company to iifue any fum of fervice during money in cafh, or in notes of the faid governor and company, theretfri6ti6n, by way of loan or advance, for or on account of the publick fer- unleis autho-vice, except on the credit of any duties to be impofed by any a£t  par-

N n %  '  or  urr‘ent*

Orders in council for ifluing cafh to be laid before parliament.

The bank may receive films, not under 500I. for notes, and

526 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 1. [1797.

or acts which may be paffed in the prefent feflion of parliament, for continuing the duties on malt, and for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, and any other advance which may be authorifed by any other aft-or a£ls which may be paffed during the continuance of the faid reftriiftion.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That, during the continuance of the reftri&ion by this a 61 impofed on payments by the faid governor and company in cafh, it fhall neverthelefs be lawful for the faid governor and company to accept, from any

engage to pay perfon or perfons whatfocver, any fum or fums of money, in cafh, .^vlcafli°UrL^S ,10t ke*nj? ^lan ^ve hundred pounds, in exchange for notes ** of the faid governor and company, of equal amount, upon an engagement from the faid governor and company, to pay to such perfon or perlbns, during the continuance of such reftriition as aforel’aid, ca(h in exchange for any note or notes of the faid governor and company, payable on demand, to such an amount, not exceeding in the whole three fourths of the fum of money which fhall have been fo paid by such perfon or perfons to the faid governor and company in cafh, and in such proportions, and at such intervals, as fhall be expreffed in such engagement; and it fhall be lawful for the faid governor and company to pay in C3fh such fum and fums of money as (hall be required to be fo paid, according to the terms of such engagement, to the amount, in the proportions, at the times, and in the manner therein to be exprefled ; any thing in this a61 contained to the contrary notwitbilanding.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for the faid governor and company, notwithftanding the re (trillion impofed by this a6t, to advance, for the accommodation of the perfons dealing as bankers in London, JVeftmin-(lev, and the borough of Southwark, in cafh, any fums of money, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds in the whole, to be paid to such perfons, at such times, in such proportions, and in such manner, as to the faid governor and company fhall feem expedient.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of the bank of England, upon application being made to them, by

_ or on the behalf of the treafurer of the bank called The Bank of tin-royal bank Scotland, eflablifhed by an a6l of the parliament of Scotland, in of Scotland, one thousand fix hundred and ninety-five, or by or on the behalf of the cafhier of the bank called The Royal Bank of Scotland, incorporated by royal charter, dated the thirty^firfl day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven, to iffue and pay to such treafurer or calhiet refpedlively, or to such perfon or perfons as they fhall refpe6lively appoint to receive the fame, for the foie ufe of. the faid banks, such fum or fums of money, in gold or filver, as may be required, not exceeding the fum of twenty-five thousand pounds for each of the faid banks; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-

ioo,oooI. in calh may be advanced to the bankeis of London, Weitminfter, and Southwark.

25,000!. for each may be advanced to the bank of Scotland, and

with (landing.

VII.  And

1797*] Anno regnl tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. i.  527

VII.  And be it further enabled, That all payments .in notes Payments in of the fald governor and company expreffed to be payable on^^ej>I^e^e demand, which have been made fince the twenfy-fixth dayofjnca^1 February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or which accepted a8 (hall be made during the reftrition on payments by the faid go - such. vernor and company in cafh, herein contained, (hall be deemed payments in cafh if made and accepted as such \ any law, ftatute,

or ufage, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That during the continuance No perfon to of the reftrition on payments by the faid governor and company

in ca(h, impofed by this at, no perfon fhall be held to fpecial urdefsaffida-bail upon any procefs iftuing out of any court, unlefs the affidavit vit be made which (hall be made for that purpose according to the provifions that there had in the at of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King "°n° George the Firft, for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrefts, notes.

(hall not only contain the feveral matters required by the faid at, but alfo that no offer has been made to pay the fum of money in such affidavit mentioned, and therein (worn to, for the purpose of holding any perfon to fpecial bail, in notes of the faid governor and company, expreffed to be payable on demand, (fractional parts of the fum of twenty (hillings only excepted) ; and if any If no such procefs fhall be iffued againft: any perfon upon which such perfon might have been held to fpecial bail before the palling of an at fAme proceed-of the lad feifion of parliament, intituled. An aft for confirming mgs to be had and continuing, for a limited time, the refitriftion contained in the as if none had minute of council of the twenty-fixth of February one thousand seven  -tc!

hundred and ninety-seven, on payments of caflo by the bank, and no ^ y ** affidavit (hall be made as aforesaid, and no such offer of payment in notes of the governor and company had been made as aforesaid, such perfon (hall not be arrefted on such procefs, but proceedings (hall be had againff: such perfon in the fame manner as if no affidavit had been made for the purpose of holding such perfon to fpecial bail under the provifions of the faid act of his faid late majefty King George the Firft ; and all provifions in such act, or in any other act of parliament, for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrefts, fhall be applied to the provifions in this act contained, fo far as the fame are capable of being fo applied : provided always, That if an affidavit fhall be made upon If any perfon which any perfon might have been held to fpecial bail upon any cannot, by such procefs as aforesaid, before the paffing of the faid laft recited °be°held3 act of the laft feffion of parliament, and it (hall be likewife fworn to fpecial bail, in such affidavit that such offer of payment has been made as afore- the court may faid, fo that the perfon who might have been arrefted and held to fpecial bail upon such procefs, if this at had not been made, t(^anfwer°the cannot, by reafon of such offer and of the provifions in this act demand, and contained, be fo arrefted and held to fpecial bail, it (hall be law- it not done ful for the court out of which such procefs (hall iffue, or for any he n™y be judge of such court, in a fummary way, to order the defendant arre in the action in which such procefs fhall iffue, and who might have been fo held to fpecial bail as aforefaid if this at had not been made, to caufe notes of the faid governor and company,

n n 3  expreffed

Collectors of the publick revenue to accept it in notes.

528 Anno regni tricefimo octavo G^okgii III. c. 2. [1797.

ex prefixed to be payable on demand, to the amount of the fum of money for which such perfon might have been fo held to fpecial bail if this act had not been made, to be depofited in such manner as such court or such judge fhall direS, to anfwer the demands of the plaintiff* or plaintiffs in such action ; and if such depofit (hall not be made within the time limited by such order after such notice thereof as (hall thereby be directed to be given, it (hall be lawful, upon affidavit duly made and filed that such depofit has not been made according to such order, to arreft such defendant, and ho]d him or her to fpecial bail, in such and the fame manner as if this a£t had not been made.

IX.  And be it further enacted. That during the continuance of the reffriction on payments by the faid governor and company in cafh, by this aCt impofed, all fums of money which now are or (hall become payable for any part of the publick revenue, (hall be accepted, by the collectors, receivers, and other officers of the revenue, authorifed to receive the fame, in notes of the faid governor and company, expreffed to be payable on demand, if offered to be fo paid, (fractional parts of the fum of twenty (hillings only excepted).

X.  Provided always, and be it enaCted, That it (hall and may

<on prevfo^is *  f°r  governor and company of the bank of England,

notice to the during the continuance of this aCt, to iffue cafh, out of any cafh fpeaker of the which (hall be at their difpofal, in payment of any debt or demand

whatever, or of any part or proportion of any debt or demand whatever, upon their giving five days notice in writing to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons of their intention fo to do, fpecifying the defcription of such debt or demand, any thing in this ad to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithffanding; rnHrpCa^°n0^ which notice the fpeaker of the houfe of commons is hereby required to caufe forthwith to be inferted in the London Gazette.

XI.  And be it further enaCfed, That this aCt fhall be in force and have continuance, fo far as the fame reftrains the faid governor and company from iffuing ca(h in payments, until one month after the conclufion of the prefent war by a definitive treaty of peace ; and that this act, or any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, may be repealed, altered, or varied, in any manner whatfoever, during the prefent feffion of parliament.

The bank

houfe of commons

notice.

Continuance of aCt.

ACt may be

repealed or altered thi3 fdTion.

CAP. II.

An aCt to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next feiTion of parliament, an aCt, palled in the feffion of parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, c. 137. viz. on July 20, 1797* intituled, An aCt to continue an aCt, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, ‘An aCt to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an aCt, pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament/ intituled, “An a6t to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iflue notes for fums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all perfons who have ifiued notes for fmall fums of money in that part of the united kingdom/’ for a limited time.—[Nov. 30, 1797.]

CAP



1797-] Annoregm tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 3—8. CAP. III.

An adt to continue until March i, 1799, an a dt patted in the feflion of parliament of the thirly-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, c. 72. viz. on June 6, 1797, for prohibiting the importation of camhricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufadture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoufed for exportation.---[Nov. 30, 1797.]

CAP. IV.

An adt for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of the year 1798.—[Nov. 3°i I797-]

\

cap. v.

An adt for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1798.—[Nov. 30, 1797.]

Four (hillings in the pound. In England to raife 1,989,6731. 7s. iod. iq.

In Scotland 47,9541. is. ad. Total 2,037,6271. 9s. od. iq.

CAP. VI.

An a (ft to continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feftion of parliament, an adt, patted in the feflion of parliament holden in the thirty* ftxth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, c. 7c. viz. on June 6, 1797, for the better prevention and puniftiment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in his Majesty's forces, by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or difobedience.—[Dec. 2, 1797.]

CAP. VII.

An adt to continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feftion of parliament, two feveral adts, patted in the fettion of parliament holden in the thirty-ftxth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, the one, c. 32* on March 10, and the other, c. 61, on May 25, 1797, for fufpending, for a limited time, the operation of certain adts, made in the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for reftraining the negociation of promifTory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited fum, within that part of Great Britain called England.—[Dec. 2, 1797.]

CAP. VIII.

An adt for railing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year 1798.—[Dec. 30, 1797.]

Commifiioners of the treafury may raife 3,ooo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before April 5, 1798, in like manner as is prefcribed by the malt adt of this fettion, concerning loans, Scc. The claufes, Sec. in the faid adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception^ extended to this adt. Exchequer bills fo ittiied not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before OdL 10, 1798. Adtion not to lie for such retufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of certain inftalments, on any loan of this feflion; and if the inftalments paid before Nov. 20, 1798, be infufficient, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iflued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this adt; notwith-Handing the a<H 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Marise, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP*

N N 4*

53° Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 9—12. [1797.

CAP. IX.

An adt to continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commence-* ment of the next fefiion of parliament, an"aft palled in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majesty, c. 15. viz. on March 16, 1795 ; and alfo an act, pafTed in the fame year, c. 80. viz. on May 22r 1795; and alfo another aft, palled in the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majesty, c. 76. viz. May 14, 1796, relating to the admiflion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral Ihips, and the ifiuing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the fame period, an a<£t, palled in the fefiion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-ftventh years of his prefent Majesty, c. 21. viz. on Dec. 28, 1796, authorifing his. Majesty to make regulations refpe(fling the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.—[Dec. 30, 1797.]

CAP. X.

An a6t to continue, until the expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next felfion of parliament, fo much of an adt, palled in the fefiion of parliament of the thirty-fixth and thirty-seven th years of his prefent Majesty, c. 7. viz. on Nov. it, 1796, as relates to the exportation and carrying coaftwife of wheat and rye, and to the importation of feveral articles of provifion.—[Dec. 30, 1797.]

A (ft 37 Geo. 3. c. 7, recited. So much of recited adt as relates to the exportation or carrying coaftwife of wheat, See. or to the importation of beans, See. further continued. Foreign wheat or rye, &c. arriving at any port in Great Britain by Dec. 31, 1797, may be imported duty free, if proved to have been ready for fea at certain periods. During the rtcefs of parliament, his Majesty may lufpend the provilion's of this adt. Adt may be altered or repealed this fefiion.

CAP. XI.

An adt to revive and continue, until March 1, 1798, an adl patted in the - felfion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, c. 102. viz. on July 19, 1797* for granting to his Majesty additional duties on diftilkries in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly deferibed, for a linn ted time ; and for regulating the duties on diltilleries in the refpedtive diftridls in Scotland.—[Dec. 30, 1797.]

CAP. XII.

An aft to give further time for executing, ajid for enlarging, the powers of an aft, made in the lajl fejfion of parliament, intituled, An adt to raife and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britaingalled Scotland.—[Dec. 30, 1797*]

preamble. *^T7HEREAS by an aft, puffed in the lajl fejfion of parliament, 37 Geo. 3. VV intituled, An adt to raife and embody a militia force in cited3' TC~ ^lat Part>°^ the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the firft meeting of his Majejly’s lieutenants and the deputy lieutenants of each county, Jlewartry, city, or place, for carrying into execution the faid-aft, was thereby directed to be held on the firfl day of Auguft, in the' year one ihoufand seven hundred and ninety-feven: and whereas hiy Majesty*s lieutenants and]deputy lieutenants of certain counties, fiew~ artries, cities, or places, in Scotland, have not met on the faid, firfl day of Auguft, to carry the faid aft into execution, by reafon whereof the faid militia have not yet been raifed in Scotland y may it there-

in osted by 

1797-3 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 12. .  531

fore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadted ; and be it enacted by theKing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That in every county, ftewartry, city, or place, in Scotland, Where the where the firft meeting of lieutenants and deputy lieutenants was not held on the day appointed by the faid adf, it (hall be lawful wagcnot held for the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of the faid counties, on the day ftewartries, cities, and places refpedlively, and they are hereby appointed by required to meet on the twelfth day of February one thousand ^

(even hundred and ninety-eight, to carry the faid adl into execu- meet not later tion ; and the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants refpedlively, than March who [hall attend such meeting, are hereby authorifed and em- *798. powered to proceed in the execution of the faid adf, in the like manner as they were diredfed to do, and might have done, on the faid firft day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven 3 provided always, That if it fhall happen that the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of any county, ftewartry, city, or place, in which the faid adf hath not been carried i»to execution, fhall not hold their firft meeting on the faid twelfth day of February one thousand,feven hundred and ninety-eight, it fhall be lawful for the faid refpedtive lieutenants and deputy lieutenants to meet at any other time afterwards, not later than the firft day of March one thou'and seven hundred and ninety-eight, and they are hereby refpedlively required, in cafe of such failure, to meet at such time as they conveniently can, and fo as the faid meeting be not unneceflarily poftponed or later than the faid firft day ot March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that the firft meeting to be held on any of the days before mentioned, and all other fubi'equent. meetings to be held in purfuance thereof, and alfo all proceedings and acts to be had or done at the faid feveral meetings, or any of them, or in purfuance of orders given at such meeting, fhall be equally valid and effectual as if the fame meetings had been held on ,the days mentioned in the faid adl, or authorifed thereby, and the fame proceedings and adds had been done at such meetings, or in pur-luance of orders given at the fame.

IT. And whereas it is enabled by the faid aft, that the number of private men to.be raifed by the faid aft floould be apportioned and divided over the feveral counties, jlewartries, cities, and placeas his Mcjefly, by order in council, fhall dire ft : and whereas for ivant of returns from the faid counties, ftewartries, cities, and places, where the faid aft has not been carried into execution, his Majesty hath not been able to make such divifion; be it further enadled, That in the His Majesty, mean time, arid notwithstanding no accounts or ftates of perfons in council, liable to ferve as militia men have been tranfmitted for certain of n the faid counties, ftewartries, cities, and places, it fhall be lawful ber of men to for his Majesty, by order in council, from the lifts, ftates, and ferve for each accounts, already tranfmitted to his Majesty’s privy council, pre-'whence^ vioufiy to apportion and divide over the feveral counties, ftew-turns have” artries, cities, and places, from which such lifts, ftates, and been tranf.

accounts, mitted.

532 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 12. [1797.

accounts, have been tranfmitted, the number of militia men to

Till the whole returns are tranfmuted, the total to be apportioned for places from whence returns have been fent, iliall not exceed 5500.

Such provifi-onal apportionment may be ir.creafed on receipt of the whole returns.

On receipt of

his Majeity's ©rder in council for that purpose, a general meeting of lieutenancy to be fummon-ed, &c.

Lifts for two or more dif-tridts may be added together.

ferve for each such county, ftewartry, city, or place • any thing in the faid adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That until such time as returns {hall have been tranfmitted to his Majesty’s privy council from all the counties, ftewartries, cities, and places, in Scotland, the total number of militia men to be apportioned for those counties, ftewartries, cities, and places, from which returns have been received, as directed by the faid adt, (hall not exceed five thousand five hundred.

IV.  Provided alfo, That if upon the returns being made from the remaining counties, ftewartries, cities, or places, where the faid adt has not been carried into execution, it fhall appear to fiis Majesty in council that the number of men to be apportioned over the faid remaining counties, ftewartries, cities, or places, together with the numbers already apportioned, will notcompleat the number to be raifed by the faid adt, it fhall be lawful For his Majesty, by order in council, to make such further apportionment of men to be raifed over the feveral counties, ftewartries, cities, and places, for which such provifional apportionment fhall have been before made, as to his Majesty in council fhall feem expedient and neceflary to carry into effedt the provifions of the faid adt.

V.  And be it further enadted, That the lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants, of each county, ftewartry, city, or place, fhall, upon receipt of his Majesty’s order in council aforesaid, fummon a general meeting of the faid lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at fome burgh or principal town of the faid county, ftewartry, or place, not later than fourteen days after the receipt of the faid order in council, at which general meeting the number of men to be ballotted for in each fubdivifion or diftridt of the faid county, ftewartry, city, or place, (hall be fixed and apportioned; which ballot fhall take place as directed by the faid adt, and the copy of the roll or rolls of militia men ballotted for and thereby ordered to be affixed to the door of each parifh church, maybe fo affixed by the fchoolmafter of such parifh, or by a conftable or other officer; Anything in the faid adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at their faid general meeting, or at any adjourned or other general meeting, held for the further execution of the

faid recited adt, or of this adt, to add together, whenever they

fhall think neceflary, the lifts for two or more diftridts or fub-

divifions, and proceed upon such lifts added together, in like

manner as if they had been originally returned for one parifh,

place, fubdivifion, or diftridt, fo as to make the choice of militia

men by ballot within every such county, ftewartry, city, or place,

as equal and impartial as poflible; any thing in the faid act to

the contrary notwithftanding.

Meetings may VII, And be it further enadted, That his Majesty’s lieutenant

be 1 u m rp ()riecl  1  j  j

at any time. f°r eac^ county, ftewartry, city, or place, together with any two

or

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 13.  533

or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal or in the abfence of his Majesty’s faid lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, may fuinmon a general meeting, or diftridl or fubdivifion meeting, at such times and places as they may think neceflary for the further execution of the faid recited adl and this prefent adl, befides those efpecially diredled to be held as aforefaid ; and which general and diftridl or fubdivifion meetings (hall have the fame powers and authorities as are given to them refpedlively by the faid recited adl and this prefent adl, and may be adjourned from time to time as may be found neceflary.

C A P, XIII.

An aft to amend an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An adl to enable his Majesty to grant commifTions to a certain number of foreign proteftants, who have ferved abroad as officers or engineers, to adl and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain reftridtions and qualifications,—[Dec. 30, \

*797-]

WHEREAS it is judged expedient for the better defence of his Preamble.

Majejly*s colonies in America, to augment his Majejly s fix-tieth regiment of infantry, now confifling of four battalions of one thousand men each, by the addition of a fifth battalion, to confijl in like manner of one thousand meny and to inlijl as foldiers, to ferve in the faid fifth battalion in America, any of the foreign troops now in his Majejly s pay, or other foreigners who Jhall voluntarily enter theiii-felves to ferve as foldiers therein: and whereas such foreigners cannot fa well be djciplined, without the affiance of fome officers who are acquainted with their manners and language: and whereas it is expedient, in the prefent junfture of ajfairs, to facilitate the fpeedy raifing of such fifth battalion, and to enable a certain nu?nber of foreign officers to ferve and receive pay as officers in such fifth battalion: be it enadied by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for his ^

Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, to augment the faid fixtieth battalion regiment of infantry, by the addition of a fifth battalion, to confift to the 6cth of one thousand men, and to enlift as foldiers, to fe.rve in such regiment, and battalion, any of the foreign troops now in his Majesty’s pay, or other foreigners who (hall voluntarily enter themlelves to lerve thereinTn as foldiers therein in America,  America.

II.  And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, That Foreign ofi-all such foreign officers who {hall receive commiffionS from his cers may ferve Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, to be officers of such fifth bat- ancl rf-ceive talion in America (which commifTions it fhall and may be lawful 1 erein* for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, to grant), fhall and may be enabled to ferve and receive pay as officers in the faid regiment.  .  .

III. And

534 AnnorcgnitricefimooftavoGEORGxi.III. c. 14—16. [1797.

TIL And whereas by an aft9 paffied in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majejly s reign, intituled, An aft to enable his Majesty to grant commiffions to a certain number of foreign proteftants, who have ferved abroad as officers or engineers, to aft and rank A claufe in  as °^cers or engineers m America only, under certain reftric-

29 Geo a to  ^ons an<^ qualifications, it is amongjl other things enabled. That

enable bis  the number of officers in the faid regiment Jhall not, in the whole, at

Majefty to  any time, exceed fifty, nor the number of engineers, in the whole, at

grant com- any  exceed  twenty; be it therefore enafted, That the faid

foreignVro- rented claufe in the above-mentioned aft (hall, from and after teftants, re- the paffing of this prefent aft, be, and it is hereby declared to pealed. be and ftand totally repealed to all intents and purposes.

Foreign offi- IV. Provided alfo. That no such foreign officer fhall be cersto ferve in enabled by this aft to ferve as an officer in any place except

fnd m'a3 re17* America

only; but every such foreign officer, when he fhall be ceivehalf-pay. reduced, fhall be capable of receiving half-pay according to the 1 rank in which he (hall then ferve.

CAP. XIV.

An aft to indemnify such perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the tim'e direfted by law, and for extending the time limitted for those purposes, until Dec. 25, 1798; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admiffions have been omitted to be (tamped according to law, or having been ftamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them, until Dec. 25, 1798 ; to provide admiffions duly ftamped; to permit such perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term, 1798 ; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglefted totranf-mit deferiptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time direfted by law, and for extending the time limited for that , purpose, until Sept. 1, 3 798.-[Dec. 30, 1797.]

CAP. XV.

An aft for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on fhore, to continue until March 25, 1799.------[Dec. 30. 1797.]

CAP. XVI.

An aft for granting to his Majejly an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war,— [Jan. 12, 1798.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. '’CTTTE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the VV commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, feeling it our indifpenfable duty at the prefent crifis, to provide effeftually for raifing the fupplies which are requifite to defray your Majesty’s publick expences in the profecution of the juft and necenary war in which we are engaged, for the defence and prefervation of your Majesty’s crown, and of the religion, laws, liberties, and property of all your Majesty’s faithful fubjefts, have

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii IIT. c. i6.  535

freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the aid and contribution herein-after mentioned, and do moil humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afl'embled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this abf, there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, annually, during the term hereinafter mentioned, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the feveral additional rates, duties, and fums of money herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay). That every perfon affeffed to any of Perfans af-the duties payable at and immediately before the pafiing of this ^^to.)the abf, on male fervants, on carriages, or on horfes kept for the maje fervants, purpose of riding, or of drawing any such carriages, fhall be carriages, or charged annually, during the term herein mentioned, with an horfes for additional rate or duty in proportion to the amount of the fa id ^awm^car duties to which such perfon is affeffed, according to the laft riagCSj 6to pay yearly afleffment or affeffments made or to be made prior to the an additional fixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, duty on the in purfuance of any abl of parliament now in force, and the pro-portion thereof fhall be as follows ; (that is to fay). Where the prjor to April amount of the faid duties fhall be under twenty-five pounds, a 6, 1798; in duty equal to three times the amount thereof; where the amount certain proof the faid duties (hall be .twenty-five pounds, and fhall be under Portiomi-thirty pounds, a duty equal to three times the amount and one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be thirty pounds, and fhall be under forty pounds, a duty equal to four times the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be forty pounds, and fhall be under fifty pounds, a duty equal to four times the amount and one half the amount thereof; and where the amount of the faid duties fhall be fifty pounds or upwards, a duty equal to five times the amount thereof: and that where any perfon fhall be fo charged by any such afleffment made for a lefs term than a year, the additional rate or duty hereby impofed fhall be computed on the aggregate amount of the fums contained in such afleffment or affeffments, and of such further fum to be added thereto as would be payable thereon if the fame were made for a whole year.  Perfons af-

II.  And be it further enabled. That every perfon afleffed to fefled to the any of the rates or duties now payable on houfes, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houfes, on dogs, or on clocks, watches, dovvs \\0(r^ or timekeepers, (except as herein-after provided), the amount or clocks or of whose laft afleffment or affeffments of the faid duties fhall not watches, lor be equal to one pound, fhall be exempted from any additional Ms than 20s. rate or duty ; and that in all cafes where the amount of the laft f^m mv ad-affeffment or afleffments made upon such perfon of the faid du- ditionafduty, ties, Avail be one pound or upwards, such perfon fhall be charged but if allellcd annually, during the term herein mentioned, with an additional t°et^^°l a rate or duty, in proportion to the amount of the faid duties to amount to which such perfon is affeffed, according to the laft yearly affeff- pay in certain

ment proportions.

ment or affefFments, made or to be made prior to the fixth day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, in purfu-ance of any a6l of parliament now in force; and the proportion thereoffhall be as follows'; videlicet, Where the amount of the faid duties fhall he under two pounds, a duty equal to one fourth the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be

two pounds, and (hall be under three pounds, a duty equal to one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be three pounds, and fhall be under five pounds, a duty equal to three fourths of the amount thereof; where the amount of the laid duties (hall be five pounds, and fhall be under seven pounds and ten (hillings, a duty equal to the amount thereof ; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be seven pounds and ten (hillings, and fhall be under ten pounds, a duty equal to the amount and one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties (hall be ten pounds, and fhall be under twelve pounds and ten (hillings, a duty equal to twice the. amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be twelve pounds and ten fhillings, and (hall be under fifteen pounds, a duty equal to twice the amount and one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be fifteen pounds, and fhall be under twenty pounds, a duty equal to three times the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be twenty pounds, and fhall be under thirty pounds, a duty equal to three times the amount and one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be thirty pounds, and fhall be under forty pounds, a duty equal to four times the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be forty pounds, and fhall be under fifty pounds, a duty equal to four times the amount and one half the amount thereof; and where the amount of the faid

Lodging houfes or Chops a fie fled under 3I. to the duties on houfes, windows, dogs, or clocks or watches, exempted from any additional duty, hut if a fie (Ted to that or a greater amount, to pay in certain proportions.

duties fhall he fifty pounds or upwards, a duty equal to five times the amount thereof: and that where any perfon fhall be fo charged by any such affeflment made for a lets term than a year, the additional rate or duty hereby impofed (hall be computed on the ap-o-reo-ate amount of the fums contained in such afleffment or afieflments, and of such further fum to be added thereto as would become payable thereon if the lame were made for a whole year.

III. Provided always, and he it further enadled, That every perfon who (hall occupy any dwelling houfe ufually let out by iuch perfon in part to lodgers, or with the purpose of ufually fo letting out the fame, or any dwelling houfe, part whereof is occupied and ufed by the fame perfon as a fhop, the amount of whose laft afTefTment or afteftments, in refpedt of the duties now payable on houfes, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houfes, or on dogs, clocks, watches, or timekeepers, (hall be in the whole under three pounds, fhall be exempted from any additional rate or duty; and that in all cafes where the amount of the laft afteft-ment or allelTments to the faid duties, made upon such occupier, fhall amount to three pounds, such occupier (hall be charged annually, during the term herein mentioned, with an additional rate or duty, in proportion to the amount of the faid duties to

which

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii 111. c. 16.

which such occupier is aflefled, according to the lad yearly affefT-inent or aflefTments made or to be made prior to the fixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in purfuance of any aft of parliament nowin force ; and the proportion thereof (hall be as follows ; videlicet, Where the amount of the faid duties (hall be three pounds and fhall be under five pounds, a duty equal to one tenth of the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be five pounds and fhall be under seven pounds and ten (hillings, a duty equal to one fifth of the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be seven pounds and ten (hillings and fhall be under ten pounds, a duty equal to one fourth of the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be ten pounds and fhall be under twelve pounds and ten (hillings, a duty equal to one half the amount thereof; where the amount of the -faid duties (hall be twelve pounds and ten (hillings and fhall be under fifteen pounds, a duty equal to three fourths the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be fifteen pounds and fhall be under twenty pounds, a duty equal to the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be twenty pounds and (hall be under twenty-five pounds, a duty equal to the amount and one fourth the amount thereof; where the amount of the faid duties fhall be twenty-five pounds and fhall be under thirty pounds, a duty equal to the amount and one half the amount thereof; and where the amount of the faid duties fhall be thirty pounds or upwards, a duty equal to twice the amount thereof: and that where any perfon fhall be fo charged by any such afleffinent, made for a lefs term than a year, the additional rate or duty hereby impofed fhall be computed on the aggregate amount of the fums contained in such afleffment or afieflinents, and of such further fum to be added thereto as would become payable thereon if the fame were made for a whole yean

IV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That every perfon charged to the additional rates or duties hereby impofed, fhall, upon proving, as herein-after is mentioned, that the amount of his or her annual income, to be eflimated as hereinafter direfted, is lefs than the fum of fixty pounds, be exempted from the faid additional rates or duties; and in all cafes where such annual income amounts to fixty pounds or more, such perfon fhall be entitled to such an abatement of the faid additional rates or duties, as may be neceflary to reduce the fame, in each cafe refpeftively, in the proportions herein-after flated ; (that is to fay),

537

Perfons whose annual income is lefs than-boh exempted from the additional duty, and where it amounts to that fum or more, to be entitled to abatement* as follow.

Where the faid annual income fhall appear to be not lefs than fixty pounds but under fixty-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one one-huridred and twentieth part of the fame:

Or not lefs than fixty-five pounds but under feventy pounds, to a fum not exceeding one ninety-fifth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than feventy pounds but underfeventy-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one feventieih part of the fame;

. Or

Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

Of not lefs than feventy-five pounds but under eighty pounds, to a fum no't exceeding one fixty-fifth part of the fame:

Or not lefs than eighty pounds but under eighty-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one fixtieth part of the lame:

Or not lefs than eighty-five pounds but under ninety pounds, to a fum not exceeding one fifty-fifth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than ninety pounds but under ninety-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one fiftieth part of the fame:

Or not lefs than ninety-five pounds but under one hundred pounds, to a fum not exceeding one forty-fifth part of the fame ;

Or not lefs than one hundred pounds but under one hundred and five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one fortieth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than one hundred and five pounds but under one hundred and ten pounds, to a fum not exceeding one thirty-eighth pait of the fame:

Or not lefs than one hundred and ten pounds but under one hundred and fifteen pounds, to a fum not exceeding one thirty-fixth part of the fame:

Or not lefs than one hundred and fifteen pounds but under one hundred and twenty pounds, to a fum not exceeding one thirty-fourth part of the fame:

Or not lefs than one hundred and twenty pounds but under one hundred and twenty-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one thirty-fecond part of the fame:

Or not lefs than one hundred and twenty-five pounds but under One hundred and thirty pounds* to a fum not exceeding one thirtieth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than one hundred and thirty pounds but under one hundred and thirty-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one twenty-eighth part of the fame:

Or not lefs than one hundred and thirty-five pounds but under one hundred and forty pounds, to a fum not exceeding one twenty-fixth part of the lame:

Or not lefs than one hundred and forty pounds but under one hundred and forty-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one twenty-fourth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than one hundred and forty-five pounds but under one hundred and fifty pounds, to a fum not exceeding one twenty-fecond part of the fame :

Or not lefs than one hundred and fifty pounds but under one hundred and fifty-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one twentieth part of the fame:

Or not lefs than one hundred and fifty-five pounds but under one hundred and fixty pounds, to a fum not exceeding one nineteenth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than One hundred and fixty pounds but under one hundred and fixty-five pounds, .to a fum not exceeding one eighteenth part of the fame;

Or not lefs than one hundred and fixty-five pounds but under one hundred and feventy pounds, to a fum not exceeding one feventeenth part of the fame :

Or

179/'-] Anno regni tricefimao£tavo Georgii III. c. i6<

Or not leis than one hundred and feventy pounds but under one hundred and feventy^five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one fixteenth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than one hundred and feventy-five potinds but under one hundred and eighty pounds, to a fum not exceeding one fifteenth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than one; hundred and eighty pounds but under one hundred and eighty-five pounds* to a Turn not exceeding one fourteenth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than one hundred and eighty-five pounds but under one hundred and ninety pounds, to a fum not exceeding one thirteenth part of the fame :

Or not lefs than one hundred and ninety pounds but Under one hundred and ninety-five pounds, to a fum not exceeding one twelfth part of the fame :

Or nut lefs than one hundred and ninety-five pounds but under two hundred pounds, to a fum not exceeding one eleventh part of the fame ;

Or to two hundred pounds and upwards, to a fum not exceeding one tenth part of the fame:

And where the faid annual income fhall appear to be not lefs than two hundred pounds, every such perfon fhall be entitled to such an abatement of the additional duty now granted, as may be necefiary to reduce the fame, in each cafe refpediively, to a fum not exceeding one tenth part of the faid income.

V.  And be it further enacted, That every perfon not aflefled Perfons affefT-

within the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand ed after April seven hundred and ninety-eight, to any of the faid duties pay- pay the'addi-able at and immediately before the palling of this adl, and who tional duty oil {hall be affeiled to any of the-faid duties in any fubfequent year the amount of during the term herein-after mentioned, fhall be charged with  ■

the like additional rate or duty on the amount of the fums-con- ^ Cq tained in such afieftment or afiefiments, from the commence- mencementof ment of the year for which such aflefTmeni or afiefiments fhall be the year tor made, fubjedt neverthelefs to the like abatement as if such per- which made. Ton had been afiefifed to the faid duties within the year ending on

the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

VI.  And be it further enadted, That every perfon who fhall, Perfons a fie IF.

by any afifeflinent or afiefiments to be made after the fift h day of ec* alter April April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be afieffed in grater * refpedt of the faid duties payable at and immediately before the amount than palling of this adl, to a greater amount than the amount contained in the prior in the prior aflfefiment, fhall'be charged with a further additional  tC*

rate or duty, in proportion to the fums contained in such latter af- with apropos fefiment or afiefiments, from the commencement of the year for tional addi-which such latter a (fed ment or afieffments fhall be made.  tional affclT-

VII.  And be it further enadted, That every perfon whose meilt-affeflment fhall be increafed by any furcharge to be allowed, fhall Surcharges to be charged, in refpedt of such increafed afiTefiTment, in the like be charged as

VoL.XLI.  Oo  (  pro-if they “ad

■  -  Hosted  by  

540 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

been included proportion as if all the articles in refped of which such furcharge oripnal may be allowed, had been included in the original affeflment. Fra^tkinal*  VIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That every

parts'of af-  afleffment to be made by virtue of this ad, (hall be made on the

fe Aments un-, amount contained in any such affeflment of the duties now pay-der ts. not to able as aforesaid, excluftve of any fradional parts of fums not be ^barged amounting in the whole to one {hilling.

tionafduty  IX. And be it further enaded, That the feveral additional

Additional* rates or duties by this ad impofed, (hall be levied and paid an-duty to be nually, during the continuance of the term herein-mentioned, to paid annually the full amount of the fums contained in the fir ft affeflment to be to the amount made thereof refpedively, without any alteration, except in the °^tJbe  cafes and in the manner herein otherwife direded.

madement  X.  Provided  always,  and be it further enaded, That if the

If the amount amount  duties  now payable by any perfon (hall conflfl: of

of duties now various articles, on the refpedive amounts whereof different payableconfift rates of duty are hereby impofed, feparate affeffments {hall be of articles, made according to each rate of duty, which affeffments fhall be wherS>TareS re^Pe(^Ive^y tnade on the aggregate amount of the faid duties whereon the fame rate of duty is impofed; and that in every such cafe, if the duties of ten pounds per centum and ten pounds per centum, now payable on the amount of former duties, {hall have been calculated on the whole of the faid former duties contained each j^andTthe *,n any affeflment, it {hall be lawful duly to apportion the fame; duties of 10I. and the faid refpedive commiffioners for executing this ad fhall per cent, and caufe the fame to be apportioned according to the refpedive ma ^bea^4 amounts  faid duties, whereon the fame rates are impofed,

portioned. before any affeffmept {hall be made thereon by virtue of this ad. Inns See. and XI. And be it further enadled. That every innkeeper, and boarding other perfon licenfed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors by retail, fchools to be and every perfon keeping any fchool, academy, or feminary for chargeable as learning, and ufualiy having their fcholars to board and lodge (to a number not lefs than ten) in their refpedive dwelling houfes, (hall be entitled to be exempted in the like cafes, and the additional rate or duty to be impofed on them refpedively by this ad fhall be afeertained in like manner, and under the like rules and regulations, as are hereih-before preferibed with refped to perfons affefled for houfes adually let to lodgers, or having {hops.

XII. And be it further enaded. That every perfon having one or more dwelling houfes, ufualiy let as a ready-furniflied lodging hotife or lodging houfes, or keeping one or more dwell-rcady furaifti- trig houfes with the purpose of fo ufualiy letting out the fame, ed, to be fhall, in refped of each dwelling hotife fo let or kept with the atTeiTed as for purpGfe of being fo let, be liable to the faid additional rate or duty* at the like rate and under the like rules and regulations as are herein preferibed with refped to perfons affefled for houfes

liable to different rates, feparate af-feflments to be made for

lodging

houfes.

Perfons having one or more houfes, ufualiy let

lodging houfes, and for two or more fepa-ratdy.

let in part to lodgers as aforesaid, and fhall be entitled to be exempted from the faid additional rate or duty in the like cafes as perfons fo letting houfes in part to lodgers: provided always, That every afleffment to be made by virtue of this ad on any perfon having two or more such dwelling houfes fo let or kept

with

1797• ] Anho regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii Ttr. c. i6.  541

with the purpose of being fo let, fhall be afcertained at the rate before-mentioned on the amount of the duties now payable in refpeft of each such dwelling houfe feparately, and not on the aggregate amount of the faid duties payable in refpedt of all the houfes, or of any other of the faid duties for which such perfon fhall or may be affefled.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no No perfon to perfon fhall be deemed to occupy any dwelling houfe for the pur-

pofe of being let out in part to lodgers, or as a ready-furnifhed  or*

lodging houfe, unlefs the fame fhall be actually let, or unlefsfuch ready-fur-perfon fhall prove, upon appeal in the manner herein-mentioned, nillied houfe, that such dwelling houfe hath been let out in part to lodgers, or unlefs be io as a ready-furnifhed lodging houfe, within the year preceding the tfeen^etwithin time of making such appeal, or that the fame, not being fo let, the year pre-hath been advertized or publickly offered to be fo let in the period ceding appeal, in which the fame fhall not have been fo let; and that such perfon hath occupied or kept, and doth continue to occupy or keep the fame, with the bona fide purpose of being let out in part to lodgers or as a ready-furnifhed lodging houfe,

XIV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That any Perfons hav-perfon having more than four children of him or her, or of his

or her wife or hufband,.or of both of them, born in lawful wed- under 2I°!C lock, being refpe&ively under the age of twenty-one years, and’years, main* maintained by such perfon at his or her expence, fhall be entitled tained by to the refpe&ive abatements following, over and above any other ^iTled°toC abatement to which such perfon may be entitled on the ground Certain abate-of his or her income; that is to fay, Any perfon having more ments on than four such children and not amounting to eight such chil- appeal and dren, fhall have an abatement at the rate of ten pounds per cen- Pr°of. turn on the amount of the additional rates or duties hereby im-pofed • any perfon having eight such children and not more than nine such children, an abatement after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum on such amount as aforefaid ; and any perfon having ten such children or more, an abatement after the rate of twenty pounds per centum on such amount; which abatements fhall be allowed by the refpedlive commiffioners for executing this a<51, upon appeal, and delivery of a declaration Hating the number of such appellant's children, and on proof made, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid Commiffioners, of the truth of the matters contained in such declaration; and the faid com mi hi oners fhall caufe the affeffment to be amended, as the cafe fhall require.

XV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no perfon sheriffs, or having ferved, or who fhall, during the continuance of this a£t, annual offi-ferve the office of fberifF of any county, or any annual office in cersof corpo-any corporation or.royal burgh, and who fhall be affeffed .to the

duties payable on fervants, carriages, or horfes kept by him ditiqnal car-during such year of fervice, fhall be liable to be charged during riages, horfeS, such year of fervice, by virtue of this a'ft, for any number of or fervants, fervants, carriages and horfes, greater than the number such perfon was alleged to by the laft afTeffment made prior to the their Office year of such fervice, nor fhall he be liable to be fo charged after only, such year of fervice, provided he fhall ceafe to keep any fuch

002  additional

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

additional carriage, horfe, or fervant, carriages, horfes, or fer-

vants, after the expiration of such year of fervice.

„ .  XVI.  Provided  alfo,  and  be  it  further  enaded,  That  no phy-

^ician’ burgeon, apothecary, or midwife, fhall be liable to be

ditional rate * aflefled, by reafon of this ad, at more than a (ingle rate in

for one car- addition to the fum at which he is or may be aflefled by virtue

riage or two Gf any ad or ads now in force, for a carriage, or for two

horfes, where horfes, {n any cafe vvhere he does not keep more than one earths™ bppr* nn •  \  r

riage, or two horfes.

XVII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no academician or aflociate of the royal academy of arts in Great Britain, keeping one male fervant only, fhall be liable to be aflefled to the faid additional rate of duty in a fum greater than once the amount of the duties now payable on such male fervant by the laft afleflment thereof; and that every such academician or aflociate (hall be aflefled to the faid additional rate or duty on houfes, windows, or lights, and on inhabited houfes, at the like rate, and under the like rules as are herein-before prefcribed for dwelling houfes occupied in part as (hops.

XVIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That in every cafe in which the redor or vicar of any parifh church (hall employ a curate to perform divine fervice therein, which

j”CUfor're<^o° curate frail refide in the redorial or vicarial houfe, then the riai Gr vicarial additional rates or duties charged upon each such houfe, by this houfes inha- ad, fhall be defrayed by such redor or vicar, and not by such curate.

XIX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein-contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge the faid additional rate or duty on the amount of the duties payable on houfes, windows, or lights, in refped of any of the royal or publick hofpitals, or any chambers or apartments therein ufed or occupied for charitable purposes.

XX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That no perfon

5 4*

Phyficians,

they keep no more.

Academicians or afibciates of the royal academy, keeping one male fervant, to be aiTefied once the former duty ; and to the additional duty on houfes and windows as for (hops.

bited by curates.

Additional duty on houfes or windows not to extend to royal or pub-lick hofpitals.

Junatics^to be w^° *s or fr3^  ^cen^e<J  t0  keep, and who (hall keep a

houfe for the reception of lunatics, (hall be chargeable with any greater rate of duty than if such houfe had been let out to lodgers.

XXL And be it further enabled, That every perfon aflefled to the duties now payable on horfes, granted by two ads of the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, the one thereof, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majesty new duties on certain horfes not charged with duty by any other aft or afts of parliament, and on mules; and the other thereof, c. 106. to^pay intituled. An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties on affelTment * certain horfes before charged with a duty of two /hillings by an aft of prior to April the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majesty's reign, and on mules; 6, 1798. (hall be charged annually, during the term herein-mentioned, with an additional rate or duty equal to twice the amount of the faid duties to which such perfon is afleiTed, according to the lafl: afleflment or afleflments made in purfuance of the faid ads, prior to the fixth day of April one thousand fe^en hundred and

ninety-

charged as lodging houfes.

Perfons afielT-ed to the duties on horfes by

36  Geo. 3. c. i<. and

37  Geo. 3

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oclavo Georgii III, c. 16.  543

ninety-eight: provided always, That no perfon occupying a Certain occu-farm, the rent of which (hall be lefs than feventy pounds a year, Qfejles^g0[h^ms and making a livelihood folely thereby, (hall be chargeable with 7Q| perann# the faid additional rate or duty; and that no perfon occupying a exempted; farm, the rent of which (hall be lefs than one hundred and fifty and of farms

pounds a year, and making a livelihood folely thereby, fhali beIc^than 15ro1*

>  ,1  -V  ,  ...  .to  .  1  {  1  • * r a c not to pay for

chargeable with the additional rate or duty hereby impoied lot more than five

more than five such horfes.  horfes.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That ifPerfons any perfon, charged by the laft afTefTment or affefTments made as-charged by aforefaid to any of the duties now payable on fervants, carrl*aoes5^n^f0afhe or horfes, fhali at any time before the firft day of November onejutreson fer, thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have ceafed to keep vants, carri-any fervant, carriage, or horfe, or any number of fervants, car-ages, or riages, or horfes, for which be or fhe (hall have been fo charged, and fhali have bona fide remained during the whole interval, be--^ov<Ij I797> tween the tenth day of October one thousand (even hundred and to keep any, ninety-seven and the time of hearing the appeal againft the aflefT-tobe ex-ment to be made under this adt, without any fervant, carriage, cmpted from or horfe, or any fervants, carriages, or horfes, in lieu of fbe under thisadt* former, liable to the like duty, then such perfon fhali, on proof thereof to the fatisfadtion of the commiflioners for executing this adt, be exempted from any charge to be made by virtue of this adt on the amount of the faid duties now payable on such fervants, carriages, and horfes refpedtively.

/XXIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if any and alfo per-perfon fo charged as aforefaid to any of the duties now payable on carriages, (hall, from the fifth day of April one thousand (even carrjages from hundred and ninety-seven, to the time of hearing the appeal April 5, 1797. againft the affeiTment to be made by virtue of this act, have bona fide ceafed to ufe any carriage or carriages kept by him or her, and fhali have wholly difcontinued the ufe of the fame during the whole interval between the.' faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the time of hearing the appeal againft the afTefTment to be made under this adt, then such perfon (hall, on proof thereof to the faiisfadtion of the com-miflioners before whom the appeal for that caufe (hall be depend- perfons not ing, be exempted from any charge to be made by virtue of this jjv*m in cities act, on the amount of the duties now payable on such carriage or market or carriages fo difcontinued.  towns, having

XXIV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That per- ^°ene Tons not living in cities, or the fuburbs thereof, or in marketrate(j Jj0t towns, and having but one place of refidence, who fhali not be above z$\. for rated above the fum of twenty-five pounds (or their male fer-male fervants, vants, pleafure horfes, and carriages, (hall be afTefTed for their Tories t manfion houfes as if they contained forty windows only, not- to'b^aflWftd withfranding they fhould contain a greater number, fo far as for their mail-refpedts the additional rates and duties impofed by this adt. hon houfes

XXV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That every but for 4<> perfon occupying a farm at the time of any afTefTment being '*inoows* made of the faid additional rates and duties, by virtue of this farws^quHUn^

003  act*  theminpurfu-

544 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgir III. c. 16. [1797.

a?ce TV3*'lce on horfes, by the faid two afts of the thirty-fixth and thirty-Bee11! ^^7 feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, before-men-to have an 5 tioned, and who fhall quit the faid farm, in pursuance of any abatement of notice given before the firft day of December one thousand seven the additional hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be entitled to an abatement of horfesTept  additional rate or duty, for the whole of such horfes

for hufbandry kept for the purposes of hufbandrv upon such farm, which such thereon, and perfon fhall ceafe to keep after having fo quitted the faid farm ; notufedafter. and the affieftment made upon such perfon (hall, on proof, to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioners for executing this aft, of such perfon having bona fide ceafed to keep any number of such horfes, and hath remained without any other horfes in lieu of the former, be entitled to an abatement in refpeft of such number, as afore-faid, of. the faid horfes.

XXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if any perfon who fhall, previous to the firft day of appeal under this day of appeal for the diftrift where such perfon refides, have inr,oiled him-entered into felf in any regiment, corps, or troop of yeomanry cavalry, raifed the yeomanry by virtue of an aft, palled in the thirtyTourth year of the reign

Perfons having previous to the firft

cavalry, not having obtained exemption for a horfe under 36 Geo. 3. c- 16. in the laftaflefiment, to be afiefifed to the additional duty, as if the exemption had been al-

lowed.

of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for encouraging and dif-ciplining such corps or companies of men as Jball voluntarily enrol themfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coaflc^ or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the prefent zvar, fhall not have obtained his exemption for one horfe, mare, or gelding, in purfuance of an aft, patted in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his faid Majesty, intitutled. An aft for granting to his Maje/ly feveral additional duties on horfes kept for the purpose of riding, or drawing certain carriages, therein-mentioned, in the laft afteffinent made for the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then and in such cafe, on proof, to the fatisfaftion of the commiffioners for executing this aft, of his being entitled to such exemption, and on pro-' duftion of a certificate to be made out at any time previous to his making such appeal of his fervice in such regiment, corps, or troop, in the manner direfted by the faid laft-mentioned aft, the perfon fo enrolled and ferving fhall be affieffed to the faid additional rate or duty in like manner, and at the like rate, as if such exemption had been allowed.

The addi- XXVII. And be it further enafted. That where any perfon houses or^°n charged to the duties now payable on houfes, windows, or lights, windows pay- or on inhabited houfes, fhall remove from the dwelling houfe in able by per- refpeft whereof such charge fhall have been impofed, the afieffi-fonsremov- ment made by virtue of this aft, fo far as relates to the amount from notice ^e ^uties payable in refpeft of such dwelling houfe, fhall being given to ceafe and determine from the day on which notice fhall be given the collcftors, of such removal to the colleftors or afTefiors, or any two or ahd the fuc- more of them, of the parifh or place where such dwelling houfe pfers\o beCU is fituate, and the fucceeding occupier fhall become chargeable chargeable  to the faid additional rate or duty, in refpeft of such dwelling

from the day houfe, from the day he or fhe fhall become the occupier thereof, of their be- ancj the .commiffioners for executing this aft, fhall caufe an

alfo'forsny33



1797-] A-nn° regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 16.  545

afleffment to be made on such fucceeding occupier, on the other duties amount of the duties payable in refpedf of such dwelling houfe, and alfo on the amount of such other of the faid duties now perf0*ns re payable, to which such occupier was or (hall be liable to be movirl<y liable* aftefled : provided always. That the perfon fo removing (hall be to additional liable to be again charged to the faid additional rate or duty, in duty for any refpedl of any other dwelling houfe which he or (he may occupy other houfe at any time after Rich removal; and alfo on the amount of such CUpy™*d alfo other of the faid duties now payable, to which such perfon was for any other aftefled previous to such removal, and such charge, in refpedl of duty to which such other dwelling houfe, (hall commence from the time such affe^ed Pre-perfon (hall become the occupier of such other dwelling houfe, moval.° ^ and (hall be paid on the inftalment next enfuing.  Perfons

XXVIII.  And be it further enadled, That where any perfon charged by charged to the faid Iaftrmentioned duties on houfes, windows, or the lail afTefT-lights, or on inhabited houfes, by the laft afteftment as aforesaid,

Hi all have removed from the dwelling houfe in refped whereof houfes and such perfon Ihall be a (felled, such perfon (hall not be charged to windows, the faid additional rate or duty on the amount of the faid duties who (hallhave payable in refpedl of such dwelling houfe, but the prefent occu- removed, not pier (if any) of such dwelling houfe Ihall be chargeable there- additional 6 with, although such occupier (hall not have been charged to the duty, but the faid duties now payable by such laft afl'eftrnent.  prefent occu-

XXIX.  And be it further enadled, That if any perfon Ihall P*er-

remove from any dwelling houfe into any newly eredled mef- Perfons re-luage, which (hall not before have been inhabited, such perfon ^whmifes0 Ihall not be liable, during the continuance of the rates and duties not to be af-impofed by this a<£f, to be affeffed to the faid additional rate or feffedtothe duty, at more than the amount of the faid rate or duty, which additional by virtue of this acft was or ought to be charged in refpecl of the than ought to dwelling houfe from which such perfon fo removed.  be charged on

XXX.  Provided always, and be it further enacled. That the houfes nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge from which with the faid additional rate or duty, any perfon in refpecl 0fl eyremove • any additional clock, watch, or timekeeper, kept, ufed, or worn tend^adrh** after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and tional clocks ninety-eight, or in refpedt of any clock, watch, or timekeeper, or watches where such perfon (hall not have been or (hall not be charged to u^ed after the duties now payable on clocks, watches, and timekeepers, or to^an^not within the year ending on the fifth day of January one thousand charged with seven hundred and ninety-eight, in refpedl of a clock, watch, or duty within timekeeper, kept, ufed, or worn, previous to the fifth day of year end-January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any thing 1I)Stliat day. herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if any ^!^ntSoa^e perfon (hall be afleffed to the duties on carriages in refpecfi: of any duties on car-additional carriage kept after the pafting of this a£t, and which riagesfor any Ihall not have been ufed before the pafting of this a61, by any additional perfon whatever, or if any perfon not charged to the duties on

carriages within the year ending the fifth day of April one thou- thisVa and fand seven hundred and ninety-eight, (hall be aftefled in refpedl not before

004  of  ufed, or per-

540

fons not af-ft (Ted within the year end ing April 5, 1798, but charged for

palling this adl, liable only to once the amount of the duty now payable See.

Additional duty not to extend to taxed carts defcribed in 35 Geo. 3. c.X09 ;

Anno regnt tricefimo oftavo Georgii TIT. c. 16. [1797,

of any carriage which hath been kept and ufed for the firft time after the pafting of this a<5t, then and in every such cafe the perfon fo keeping or ufing such carriage (hall not be liable to be affefied to the faid additional rase or duty in refpedl thereof, in any fum greater than once the amount of the faid duties now for*t ht^ 1'^ Pa?abIe on lucb carriages; and that the afteffment to be made time after 011 once r^e amount fliall commence from the fifth day of April next after such carriage fhall begin to be ufed; and the ailed-ments fo to be made on once the amount of the duties now payable in refpedl of such carriages, (hall be made on such amount feparately, and not on the aggregate amount of the duties alleged upon fqch perfon ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXXII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadfed, That the additional rates or duties hereby impofed fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to carriages with lefts than four wheels, particularly mentioned and defcribed by the name of taxed carts, in an a<£I, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majesty, intituled, An aft for repealing fo much of an aft of parliament, pafi'ed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Mayfly, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Mqjejty feveral addU tional rates and duties upon horjes, and carriages with four wheels ; and for explaining and amending an aft, pafjed in the twenty fifth year of his prefent Majcjl)\ as for as relates to certain carriages with two or three zuheels, therein mentionedft as relates to the additional duties upon carriages with four wheels\ ufed as fiage coaches; and for reducing the duties upon carriages ivith lefs than four wheels, moftly ufed in the affairs of hufbandry, or for the purposes of trade.

XXXIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no-

riages kept by thing herein contained fhall be conflrued to extend to charge cenftrd to"let tbe ^aic^ acl^^tional rate or 'duty on the amount of the duties out horfes for ^ow payable on carriages, in refpe£t of any carriage kept by hire, purfuant any perfon duly licenfed to let out horfes for hire, in purfuance to 25 Geo. 3. of an act palled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign ot his pre-c- 51>  fent Majesty, and ufed for the purposes in the faid act mentioned,

fuch perfons duly obferving the regulations of the faid a61 with nor to waiters; refpect to such carriages; nor to charge the faid additional rate or duty on the amount of the duties now payable on fervants, in purfuance of two acis, paiTed in the twenty-fifth and thirty-, feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, in refpedt of any waiter kept in any tavern, coffee houle, inn, alehoufe, or in any other home licenfed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors by por to car- retail; nor to charge the faid additional rate or duty on the coSmakers^ amount of the duties now payable on carriages as aforesaid, in or^thTrVfor refpe& of any carriage kept by any coachmaker or other perfon, beiriK let out for the purpose of being lent or let out to hire, to hire;  XXXIV.  Provided  alfo,  and be it further enafted, That no,

nor to publick thing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge the Rage coaches fai<j additional rate or duty on the amount of the duties payable conveying*^ on carriages> in refpe£l of any carriages, by whatever name or paRcngers for names the fame fliall be called, kept by any perfon duly licenfed (lire j  fp£

nor to car-

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 16.  ^4^

for that purpose, to be employed as publick ftage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying paffengers for hire to and from different places in Great Britain,

XXXV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no- nor to afkfl-

thing herein contained {hall be conftrued to extend to charge  n‘^c

any additional rate or duty on the amount of any affeflment or affeffments made or to be made by virtue of an a<ft, palled in the 23, thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for enabling his Majesty to raife a provifwnal force of

cavalry to be embodied, in cafe of necefftty, for the defence of thefe kingdoms, or by virtue of another a£f, paffed in the fame feffion of parliament, intituled, An a51 to explain and amend an a£t, made in this prefent feffion of parliament, inf i tided, c An aft for enabling his Majesty to raife a proviftonal-force of cavalry, to be embodied, in cafe of necejfv)\ for the defence of thefe kingdomsd

XXXVI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadfed, That any Perfons pay-perfon keeping hounds, and paying a compofition for the fame in

lieu of the duty impofed by an act, paffed in the thirty-fixth hounds* to year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An a Si for be aiVelfecl granting to his Majesty certain duties on dogs^ihall not beafleffed to according the additional rate or duty by this a6t impofed, inrefpect of such t-bereto, hounds, in any greater fum than in the proportion of the rates hereby impofed, eftimated on the amount of the fum paid for such compofition.

XXXVII.  And be it further enabled, That the additional rate The addi-or duty hereby granted on the amount of the duties now pay.

■_ tioml duties on houfes and

windows, to

able cn houfes, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houfes, (hall be charged only upon the occupiers for the time being, of the be charged houfes or tenements in refpedt whereof the faid duties now pay- upon the able are charged, and not on the landlord or landlords who let occupiers, or demife the fame (except in the cafes herein-after mentioned), any covenant or agreement made or entered into previous to the pading of this a<51, relative to the payment of any duties or affeffments to be impofed upon such houfes or tenements, or upon such occupiers in refpedt thereof, or to be impofed on the amount of the faid duties now payable, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That Where the where the landlord of any houfe or tenement is or (hall be, in landlord is refpecl thereof, charged to the faid duties now payable, then the^afd duties and in such cafe the amount of such charge (ball be added to any Ilow payable," aiieflinent of the faid duties now payable, which fhall have been the amount to made upon the occupier of such houfe or tenement before the be added to additional rate or duty hereby impofed fhall be computed on such affeflments, -and such computation fhall be made on the aggre- the occupier gate of the fums contained in such affeffment after such addition before com-is made, as if the occupier had been charged with the fum fo putingthead-added ; or where no affeffment of the faid duties now payable is o^where^no^* made on such occupier, then the amount of the faid duties now affefiment of payable and charged upon such landlord, fhall form the bafts of the faid duties the affeffment* of the faid additional rate or duty to be made is m*de on

upon occup’fr’ ^ the amount



54-3 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

charged upon upon jfuch occupier, which fhall be calculated upon the amount ftall form the t^ereo^ as ^ t^lc occupier bad been charged therewith, fubjecb balls of the neverthelefs to the exemption herein-before declared, or to such additional abatement thereof as the occupier of luch houfe or tenement would afleflment on have been entitled unto, if he or (he had been charged to the faid the occupier, duties now payable in refpedfc of such houfe or tenement.

The land- XXXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That lords'oHodg- where any houfe fhall be divided into different ftories, tene-be^deemed ° ments? or lodgings, and fhall be inhabited by two or more per-the occupiers, fons or families, the immediate landlord or owner of such houfe fhall be deemed and taken to be the occupier thereof, and fhal! be charged with and liable to pay the additional r2te or duty hereby impofed.

Howland- XL. And be it further enacted, for the mutual accommoda-in'dmonVanat ^orl landlords anc^ tenants, That if any landlord, at the the defire^of ^ebre °f bis tenant, fliall advance monies for the purpose of tenants, or difcharging the duties impofed upon such tenant by this a6f, tenants at the such landlord Avail be entitled to recover such monies, with law-lordT to^dT*" ^ *ntere^ at tae times and by the inftalments agreed upon be-chavge the1 " *ween them, by all and every the remedies and remedy to duties, may which he is imitled for the recovery of his rent; and if any recover the  tenant (hall, at the deiire of his landlord, for the like purpose,

**ame*  advance to his landlord any monies, it fhall be lawful for such

tenant to deducf the fame, with lawful intereft, out of his rent, at such times and by such inftalments as fhall be agreed upon between them, in the fame manner as he is by law entitled to dedudt payments by him made in refpedf of the land tax.

Parents or ^ XLI. And be it further enacted. That where any perfon or bl^fcuftnfan^ Perl°ns chargeable with any rate or duty hereby impofed, fhall be , under the age of twenty-one years, in every such cafe the parents or guardians and tutors of such infants refpedtively, upon default of payment by such infants, fluall be and are hereby made liable to and charged with the payments which such infants ought to have made j and if such parents, guardians, or tutors fhall negledt or refufe to pay as aforesaid, it fhall be lawful to proceed againft: them in like manner as againft any other perfon or perfons making default of payment of the additional rate or duty charged upon him, her, or them refpedlively -y and all parents, guardians, and tutors, making payment as aforesaid, fhall be allowed all and every the fums paid for such infants upon his or their accounts.

Heirs, &c. of XLII. And be it further enabled, That where perfons charged habk^'or^ar^ to an7 additional rate or duty impofed by this a6f, fhall die rears of duty, within the term* herein mentioned, their refpedtive heirs, execu-&c*  tors, and adminiftrators fhall be liable to the payment of all

arrears of the faid rate or duty at the time of the deaths re-fpedlively of their anceftors, telfators, or inteftates refpedtively, out of the eftate or effefls which fhall Come into their hands, and alfo to the payment of such further fums as would have become payable, by virtue of this a£I, from such anceftors, tefta-tors, or inteftates refpedtively, at any time within or at the

(taxes, to put ‘ this a£t in execution.

1797.] Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georg 11 III. c. 16.  549

end of the year in which such deaths refpedively happened, and 110 longer.

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That the commifFioners Commiffion-authorifed or appointed, or who (hall hereafter be authorifed or ers arid lur“ appointed, to put in execution the ads relative to any of the appoSte^to prefent duties placed under the . management of the comm if- put in executioners for the affairs of taxes, fhall be commi (boners for exe- tion the ads cuting this prefent ad, and the powers herein contained, with  the

relation to the duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, in all uuder the* and' every the counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, ffewartries, management cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns,- and places refpedively, of the com-within the kingdom of Great Britain; and the feveral furveyors, ^idioners for infpedors, affdfors, and. colledors refpedively, appointed or to J be appointed to put in execution the faid ads, relative to the fa id prefent duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, fhall be furveyors, infpec-tors, affeffors, and colledors to put in execution this prefent ad, with relation to the duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, according to the powers given to them refpedively by the faid ads, or any of them, and not hereby .altered, and according to the powers given to them by this ad; and the faid commiffion-ers, and other the perfons aforesaid, being refpedively duly qualified to ad in the execution of any of the faid ads, fhall, and they are hereby refpedively empowered and required to do all things neceffary for putting this ad in execution, with relation to the refpedive rates or duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid ads. relative to the faid prefent duties under the management of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any matters or things therein refpedively contained.

XLIV. And be it further enaded. That within the hills of Within the mortality, the parifhes of Saint Mary-le bone and Saint Pancras,  °fami°the

in the county of Middlefex, the appointment of colledors of the pqri{hes of St. faid additional rates and duties fhall belong wholly to such of the Mary-le-bone commiffioners for executing this ad, who fhall refide in the ar,d Pancras, parifhes for which such colledors refpedively are to be appointed, in cafe there fhall be two or more commiffioners there refident, ]e&or8 to and no other commiffioners (hall in such cafe interfere; and it belong to the fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners for executing this ad, refident com-and refiding within the refpedive parifhes as aforesaid, to appoint ^h°ners> such perfons to be colledors, who .fhall have given fecurity, to c the fatisfadion of the churchwardens and overfeers or guardians of the poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or more of the vefiry, where a feled veftry fhall be appointed as aforesaid, and who fhall be thought by the faid commiffioners to be of ability to execute the office of colledor; and that in default of appointing such perfons who fhall have'given such fecurity, then the faid commiffioners, refiding as aforefaid (hall name such perfons as they fhall think of ability to execute the faid office : provided always, That where two or more commiffioners (hall

not



Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii I'll. c.

16. [1797.

in any parifh, for which collectors are to be

Duties to be afcertained, &c. as the duties now under the management of the com-miffioners for taxes.

not be refident

appointed, then a commiilioner or commiftioners refiding in any adjacent parifh may concur in the appointment of luch collectors.

XLV. And be it further anaded, That the aforefaid refpec-tive rates or duties by this ad granted, (hall and may be afcertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under' such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to such rules, methods, directions, and provifions, by which the rates and duties now placed under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, are or is, or may be afcertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the faid rules, methods, directions, and provifions are exprefsly varied by this ad • and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts relative to the faid rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, or to be palled in the prefent fef-fion of parliament, for the furcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the aforefaid re-fpective rates or duties granted by this act, and not exprefsly varied or otherwife provided-for hereby, (hall feverally and re-fpediively be in full force, and duly obierved, practned, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for furcharging, mitigating, recovering, paying, and accounting for the aforefaid refpective rates or duties granted by this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the lame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the body of this at.

XLVI. And be it further enated, That the faid commif-fioners (hall, in their refpetive counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, ftewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or (hall be appointed commiffioners refpec-tively, meet for the hrft time on or before the firft day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and proceed in the execution of this at, in the manner herein direted ; and where no particular diretions are hereby given, then in such and the fame manner as is prefcribed by any at or ats with re-fpet to the rates and duties before-mentioned, under the management of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes.

XLV1I. And be it further enated, That if it (hall happen that no such meeting (hall be held in any diftrid within the time before limited, then it (hall be lawful for the commiffioners for executing this at, or any two or more of them, in all and executing this every the relpedive diftrids refpetively wherein such meeting

at may meet {haq not be held, to meet and execute the faid powers at any

3.HV other  (  t  '  1  «r

time or the ot^er tifne or times, or for the faid commillioners who fhall be

commiffioners prefent at any meeting' to be held in any diftrit for carrying

at any meet, into execution any former ad or ads, relative to any of the

ing for carry-  duties

Firft meeting of commiffioners to be on or before Feb. 1,1798.

Where no such meeting fhall be held, two commif-fioners for

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 16.  551

duties herein-mentioned, to execute the powers granted by this ing into

atft; and they are hereby required to proceed in'the execution

this a61 at the firft meeting to be held in purfuance of this a&, miy execute

or of such former a6t or a6f$; and all such meetings, and all this a6t.

a6fs done by the laid commiflioners at such meetings, (hall be as

valid, to all intents and purposes,. as if the fame meetings had

been particularly appointed in purfuance of the directions of

this a61.

XLVIII. And be it further enadled, That as foon as conve- Commifllon-niently maybe after the palling of this a6l, the commiflioners ^ocaul^fhe for the affairs of taxes (hall caule to be prepared true fchedules of tQ the perfons refpeclively who are aflefled to the duties now pay- prepared of able in two or more parifhes or places in any part of Great the perfons Britain, whether such parifhes or places fhall be fituate within the divifion of the fame commiflioners for executing this a6t, or p?yabje in within different divifions, together with the amount of the re- two or more fpecftive afleflraents; which faid fchedules (hall be tranfmitted to parifhes, with the refpedHve commifliopers for executing this a6t within the a^mount, refpe6live divifions where any of such alleffments have been fitted to the made; and that the feveral and refpedtive commiflioners for exe- commiflioners curing this a6t fhall, within their refpedtive divifions, at their of the refpec-firft meeting to be holden as afore faid, caufe their refpedlive ^o^attheV clerks, or such other perfons as they refpedtively fhall employ fir^meeting* for that purpose, forthwith, or as foon after as conveniently may foal! caufe the be, not later than seven days after such meeting-, juftly and with- amount of the out fraud, to compute and afeertain the amount of the rate or *ddirion<d duty by this a£i impofed upon, or in refpe6i of every such a^e^-.compu^ed^ ment upon any perfons within their refpe£tive divifions, accord- and fchedules ing to the refpecSlive rates before-mentioned, and according to thereof made the provifions of this a£i, and to make out fchedules thereof for out> each parifh or place, containing the amount of the fums charged by virtue of this a6f upon each perfon within such parifhes and places refpeefively, and alfo the amount of the fums, (if any), with which the faid perfons are refpe61ively charged to the faid duties now payable in any other parifh or place in Great Britain, together with the names of the feveral perfons chargeable therewith, and the amount of the faid former rates and duties whereon such additional rates or duties, by this acl impofed, (hall be computed and ascertained, and fhall caufe certificates and duplicates thereof to be made out, which certificates and duplicates thereof refpeclively fhall be figned by two or more of such commiflioners ; and the faid original certificates, being firft numbered and regiftered, fhall be delivered to the refpedfive clerks to the faid commiflioners, and by them carefully kept, and the faid duplicates thereof fhall forthwith be tranfmitted to such perfons, in such and the like manner as is dire6ted by anyadt or a£ts now in force relative to the faid former duties, with refjpedt to the duplicates of afTeftments therein mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enadled, That a copy of the certi- Copies of cer-ficates to be made out as aforesaid, fhall forthwith, after the ti ft cates of fame fhall be figned as aforesaid, be tranfmitted to the refpedlive  to

colle6fors the colledors,

552

who fhall caufe notice

charged.

Surveyors may attend meetings of commiffion-ers, and in-fpeft affefT-ments, which may be amended.

The additional duty

Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

colleftors appointed or to be appointed as aforefaid in each parifh to be ivtn toor-^ace Wlt^m t^e re^Pe^ve divifions of the faid commiflion-the perfons °ersi which faid colleftors fhall caufe notice thereof in writing to be given to each perfon fo charged, or left at his or her place of abode in such parifhes or places refpeftively.

L. And be it further enabled, That it (ball be lawful for any furveyor or infpeftor of the faid duties now payable, to attend any meeting or meetings of the refpeftive commiflioners for executing this aft, and to infpeft and examine any afleflment to be made under the authority of this ad, and all such afl'efTments fhall, at the requeft of any such furveyor or infpeftor, be produced for his or their examination ; and in cafe he or they fhall find any error in the fame aflefTments or any of them, at any time before the faid commiflioners fhall have figned and allowed the fame refpeftively, which in (he judgement of the faid com-, miffioners fhall require amendment, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners to amend the fame accordingly; and in cafe any error (hall be difeovered in any afleflrnent, after the fame fhall be allowed, it fhall be lawful for the furveyor or infpeftor, and he or they is and are hereby required to certify the fame to the faid refpeftive commilTioners, who fhall have power to caufe the fame to be amended, if in their judgement they deem any amendment requifite.

LI. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon is or fhall be aflefled to the duties now payable in two or more parifhes or affeflbd°to the P^aces> ^ie additional rate or duty hereby granted fhall be charged duties now Upon such perfon according to the aggregate amounts as aforefaid payable in of the refpeftive duties to which such perfon is or fhall be afTefTed two places, to jn such parifhes or places j and it fhall be lawful for the faid re-accordm^to *Pe&ive commiflioners, and they are hereby required, to caufe the aggregate an afleflment to be made of the faid additional rate or duty hereby impofed upon any perfon fo aflefled in two parifhes 6r places, upon the amount of the faid duties contained in each afleiTment belonging to the divifion where such commiflioners refpeftively fhall a<51, but neverthelefs in proportion to and at the rate before fpecified for the aggregate amount of the faid duties to which such perfon is aflefled in all the laid feveral affeff-ments made in the fame, or in different divifions as aforefaid.

Lli. And be it further enafted, That where two or more perfons fhall be jointly aflefled to the duties now payable on ^fon^'omtl0 houfes, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houfes, in refpeft of aflefled to the the fame dwelling houie, and the faid perfons, or any or either duties on  of them, fhall be feverally aflefled to the faid duties now payable

houfes and  jn refpeft of any other dwelling houfe, or fhall be feverally af-

leffed to any other of the faid duties now payable, it fhall be lawful for the commiflioners for executing this aft, and they are hereby required to make an alfeffment of the faid additional rate or duty, on the amount of the duties contained in such joints afleflment, upon such one of the faid perfons fo jointly charged, who fhall be alfo feverally charged to the faid duties now payable to a greater amount than any other of the faid perfons fo jointly

charged,

amount, but in proportion to each afleflment

Mode of af-ftfling addi

windows for the fame houfe, and feverally af-fefied for any other houfe, or any other of the duties now payable.

553

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III, c. 16.

charged, unlefs a certificate, apportioning the Tams to which each such perfon {hall be charged, (hall be delivered to the faid com-miffioners within such time as herein-after is allowed.

LIII. And be it further enadled, That where two or more Perfons afieff-perfons fhall be afiefied to the duties now payable on houfes, ec* as-!°*nt windows, or lights, or on inhabited houfes, in refpedl of the asCpmners%r fame dwelling houfe, either as joint occupiers thereof, or as in if one or more partnership together ; or in cafe one or more of such joint occu- fhall be aflelT-piers or partners fhall be fo a fie fled, exclufive of the other occu- toothersC piers of such dwelling houfe, or exclufive of the other partners as tjien, propor. aforesaid, it (hall be lawful for them, or any of them, at any time tions of the before the afieiFment to be made by virtue of this afhall be duty may be figned and allowed, to certify the fame to the corn miffioners ^or ^^cmnrrdf executing this adf, by writing under their or his hands, and to ^onerSf wh(^ flate in such certificate the juft proportions of the faid duties now fhall caufe the payable, to which each of such occupiers or partners is liable to additional contribute by virtue of any covenant or agreement fubfifting be- to be tween them, or by virtue of such occupation or partnership; and^r^gl^.“ the faid commifiioners. (hall caufe the additional rate or duty

hereby impofed to be charged on each of such occupiers or partners, according to the proportions fo certified, and in like manner as if the proportion of each occupier or partner in such dwelling houfe was payable in refpect of a diftindl and feparate dwelling houfe 5 and in cafe no such certificate fhall be delivered to the if no such faid commifiioners before an afiefiment (hall be made on the certificate be amount of the faid duties payable in refpedl of such dwelling houfe as aforesaid, it fhall be lawful for such joint occupiers or ment be partners as aforesaid, if they or any of them fhall think themfelves made, the or himfelf aggrieved by the faid afleffrnent, to appeal to the faid Pities may commiffioners; provided that at the time of such appeal, a like commiffion ^ certificate as aforefaid fhall be delivered to the faid commiffion- €rs^ who may ers, Slating the jufl proportions of the faid duties now payable, amend the with which each of such occupiers or partners ought to be afiefiment. charged; and the faid commiffioners are hereby required to hear and determine such appeal; and if the matter contained in such appeal fhall be proved to the fatisfadlion of the faid commiffioners, they fhall caufe the faid afleffrnent to be amended, and the refpedlive occupiers and partners aforefaid to be feverally aflefied according to the juft proportions fo to be ascertained, and on the amount of the faid duties now payable, with which they feverally ought to be charged in refpedt of such dwelling houfe, and of such other of the faid duties now payable, to which such occupier or partner fhall be affeffed.  ^  P^rfons ag-

LIV. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons grieved by any fhall think him or Herfelf, or themfelves, aggrieved by any such afiefiment, afleffrnent, by reafon that the additional rate or duty hereby im-(excePton poled hath been mi fc a feu la ted in the amount thereof, or that the fncome\°mar fame, or any part thereof, hath been taken at a different rate appeal to the than this adt diredts, or for any other caufe, except on account of commiffion-his or her income, as herein-after is directed, it fhall be lawful who may for him, her, or them refpedtively to appeal to the faid comm if- afielf-

fioners meats.

554 Anno regni triccfimo octavo Georgii I IT. c. 16. [ 1797*.

fioners againft any such affeffment; and the faicl commiffioners for executing this a61, or any two or more of them, (hall and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals within their refpective divifions; and if it (hall appear, to the fatisfadfion of such commiffioners, that the additional rate or duty hereby impofed, is mifcalculated in the affeffment or affeff-ments made on such perfon or perfons refpectively, or taken at a different rate than this adf diredts, or that for any other caufe (except as aforefaid) .any such afleffment is erroneous, then the laid commiffioners are hereby authorifed and empowered to compute and afcertain the lum juftly to be charged upon such affeffment or affeffments, if any fum be chargeable thereon, according to the true intent and meaning of this adf, and to amend the fame whenever they fhall fee juft caufe fo to do; and to vacate any affeffment made on any perfon entitled to be exempted therefrom by this adf, for any caufe (except on account of income as aforefaid); and the determination of the faid commiffioners thereupon (hall be final: provided always, That the faid commiffioners, or any of them, (hall not, upon the hearing of any appeal againft any such alieffment, make any alteration alVelTments of whatever in the affeffments of the faid former rates or duties former duties, whereon the duty by this act impofed hath been ascertained.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That all such appeals againft any affeffment as aforefaid fhall be entered with the clerk to the refpedfive commiffioners for executing this adf, within ten days after notice of such afleffment (hall be given to, or left with the party intended to be charged thereby, in the manner before directed, and the fame fhall be heard and determined within ten days after such appeal (hall be fo entered, for* which purpose a day or.days of appeal fhall be appointed, within the time before mentioned by the faid refpedfive commiffioners, unlefs the day of appeal from affeffments of the duties now payable on houfes, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houfes, fhall

Commiffioners not to make any alteration in

Appeals to be entered with the clerk to the commit-(loners, and heard within a limited time.

Commiffioners may nominate affilf-ant eommif-fioners for hearing appeals refpedt-ing income out of refi-dents affeffed to the duties now payable not under 61. making out lifts ot the perfons.

intervene; on which days refpedlively the faid commiffioners are hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals.

LVJ. And be it further enadted. That the commiffioners for executing this adf, in their refpedfive divifions, (hall, if they deem it expedient for the better execution of this adf, nominate affiftant commiffioners to receive, hear, and determine the appeals of perfons entitled, on account of income, to be exempted from the payment of the faid additional rates or duties, or to any abatement thereof, according to the provifions of this adt; for which purpose the faid commiffioners for executing this adf, prefent at their ftrft meeting to be holden as aforesaid, or at fome other meeting to be holden as foon as conveniently may be, not later than seven days from such meeting, or the major part of the commiffioners then prefent, may, out of the perfons affeffed to the duties now payable, and refident in the refpedfive parifhes and places in which such perfons refpedfively are affeffed to the faid duties now payable at a fum not lefs than fix pounds, make out a lift of the perfons fo affeffed in each such parifh and place,

begin-

1797-1 Anno regrii tricefimo oftavo Ghorgii III. c. 16.  555

beginning with the perfon aflefled to the greateft amount in such afleffment, and fo downwards, according to the amount of each perfon’s afTeflfment} which lift fhall contain the names of fo many of. those perfons as the faid commiflioners fhall, in their difcre-tion, after taking into confideration the fize of each parifh and place, and the number of perfons aflefled therein refpedlively, require to a6l as afliftant commiflioners for each such parifh or place, according to the provifions of this -a6b ; which lift, being ' refpectively figned by two or more of the faid commiflioners, they fhall caufe to be delivered to the refpecftive afleflors and collectors of the refpedlive parifhes and places within their re fpe drive' divifions, with a notice fubfcribed to each lifl, of the day to be appointed by the faid commiflioners for executing this a cl, as herein-after is mentioned, which day fhall not be later than ten days after such lifts fhall be figned ; and the faid refpedlive aftef- Affefibrs to fors and collectors (hall, without delay, caufe the respective per- fj^p^fbnV0 fons named in such lifts tocbe fummoned by notice in writing, named in lifts, either given perfonallv, or left at their refpedtrve places of abode, to aflemble to' to aflemble themfelves at the time mentioned in such notice, for qualify* the purpose of qualifying themfelves to adt in the execution of this a61, and at such place, within their refpedlive parifhes or places, as meetings for parochial p-urpofes are ufually holden, or at such other place as the commiftioners for executing this act fhall think fit to appoint: provided always. That if the commif- Commiftion^ fioners for executing this act (hall fee any juft caufe why any chide perfon or perfons in the order before prefcribed, as to the amount perfons frofn of their refpedlive afleflments, is or are not of fitnefs and ability lifts, to execute the office of afliftant commiffioner, it fhall be lawful for them to exclude any such perfon or perfons from such lift, and to infert in such lift the names of other perfons in such parifh or place, next in order as to the amount of their refpedlive afleff- 1 ments as aforefaid.

LVIL Provided always, and be it further enadfed. That where

three or more fit and able perfons as aforesaid, aflefled in any  perfons for

parifh or place to the duties now payable, cannot be found to afliftant com-

accept the office of afliflant commiffioner, it fhall be lawful for mitficners

the commiflioners for executing this act to unite such parifh or cannot be ,  ,  r  ’ a  \ -a found, it may

place to tome adjacent or contiguous parifh or place, parifhes or he united with

places, and to nominate afliftant commiflioners for the parifhes or fomecontigu-

places fo united, out of the perfons aflefled therein refpedlively to oils place.

the duties now payable, as if the fame had conftituted one parifh

or place only.

LVI1I. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the commiflioners for executing this adl, whenever a/^ftants into' the number of perfons aflefled in any parifh or place fhall, in committees, their judgement, require that afliftant commiflioners fhould adl at different places at the fame time, to divide the perfons qualifying themfelves fo to adl for any parifh or place into diftindt committees, and to allot to each committee diftindt divifions within each such parifh or place, in such manner as they in their difcretion fhall think moft convenient.

Voi, XLL  P  ?  X.1X, Pro-

556

Not more

as a com miiitee.

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797J LIX. Provided alfo, and be it farther enacted, That it (hall perfonTto a6l not  f°r rnore than seven perfons to ad together for any

parifh or place having one committee 6nly, nor any greater number to ad together in the fame committee in any parifh or place having more than one committee; and that where more than seven perfons qualified to ad fhall attend at any meeting of such committee, seven perfons amongft them fhall be chofen indifferently by lot, and the reft fhall be excluded from ading at such meeting.

LX. And be it further enaded, That every perfon, before he fhall ad as an aftiftant commiftioner in the execution of this ad, (hall, and he is hereby required to take the following oath; (that is to fay).

Afhftantcom-miinoriers to take the following

oath:

which any two may a drain ifter.

Penalty for ading without taking it.

* AfiiCUnt com* mi in oners appealing, to have no voice.

Com mi Hi oners may ad as mlh'hsnt com-111 iilio tiers.

/f. Zh do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the office of an aftiftant commiftioner, according to an ad, paft’ed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, An [here Jet forth the title of the a£l\ to the beft of my knowledge and judgement.

So help me GOD.’

Which oath any two or more of the perfons nominated aftiftant commiftioners as aforesaid, is and are hereby empowered to ad-minifter; and if any perfon fhall ad as an aftiftant commiflioner in the execution of this ad, before he fhall have taken the oath before-mentioned, except in adminiftering the Laid oath, he fhall for every such offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

LXI. And be it further enaded. That in cafe of any appeal by any perfon or perfons who fhall be qualified to ad as an aftiftant commiflioner for the parifh or place where such appeal fhall be made, the aftiftant commiflioner concerned therein fhall have no voice, but the fame fhall be determined by the reft of the commiftioners, or the major part of them then prefent, in like manner as if the perfon appealing had not fo qualified himfelf.

LX 11. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That where the faid commiftioners for executing this ad (hall not deem it expedient to nominate any aftiftant commiftioners for the pur-pofes of this ad, in their refpedive divifions, or in any parifh or place within the fame, it fhall be lawful for the faid commiftioners for executing this ad, and they are hereby refpedively required to execute this act in all things appertaining to aftiftant commiftioners, and for that purpose to meet at such places, within their refpedive divifions, as they fhall think proper and fhall appoint, and at such times refpedively as they fhall find convenient, fo that this act fhall in all refpeds be duly executed within the times and in the manner .herein preferibed, and according to the true 'intent and meaning hereof; and all and every the refpedive powers hereby direded to be executed by aftiftant commiffioners fhall, in each and every of the cafes herein-before mentioned, be vefted in the commiftioners for executing this ad

in

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. i6.  557

in their refpe&ive divifions, as fully and effectually as if the fa id refpe&ive powers had been fpecially veiled in the faid Jaft mentioned commiffioners...  .

LXI1I. And be it further ena&ed, That the refpe&ive com- Commiffion-miffioners for executing this a& fhall in their refpe&ive divifions [he fhTr^mcet-appoint the day and time of holding the firfl meeting of the  0f the of-

affiflant commiffioners for each parith or place, and which (hall fiftants, and be on fome convenient day within the time before limited, and ^ direct the fhall dire& the refpeclive affeffors and collectors to give publick publick notice thereof by affixing the fame on the church or chapel door Notice of each pari Ha or place, , or where there fnall be no such church thereof, or chapel, then to give such publick notice thereof as hath been ufual in cafes requiring publick notice within fuch• parifli or place; which affeffors and colleClors refpeCtively are hereby required to give such notice accordingly, and to inlert therein the place of holding the fir (I meeting of the fa.id affiflant commiffioners, and which (hall be the ufual place of holding parochial meetings in,fuch parilh or place; and that the refpeclive affiflant At firft m.eet-commiffioners, who have affembled at the ufual place for holding ^feti^to be parochial meetings, ana duly qualified themfelves, to a,& for such app0intech parifhes and placed refpe&ively, or any three or more,of them refpe&ively, or the commiffioners for executing this acl,- or any two or more of them, where no affiflant.commiffioners are named, fhall, and, they are hereby empowered to fix a convenient place for holding their future meetings within-their refpeiffive-parifhes and places, or dillri&Si’of which they fhall caule the like publick notice to be given,, and (hall infert in such notice the time appointed as aforefaid far their-fecond meeting, which (hall not be later than ten days after the copies of the certificates fhall have been tranfmitted to the refpe&ive collectors as herein-before

all

perfons intending to

At fecond

mentioned; at which fecond meeting appeal on the groun upon them, in order to obtain an exemption or any abatement giV^iToFin -of the amount thereof, fhall give notice of such imention to the tention to ap~ faid refpe&ive commiffioners; and the faid refpe&ive commif-Peab ar)d the fioners prefent at, such fecond meeting fhall then there openly [o^eclareToS declare to the refpe&ive perfons intending fo to appeal, in what t-ae appellants manner, and under what directions and rules, they ought and how they are fhould make their declarations of the amount of income in refpeCt t0 proceed, whereof they fhall be entitled to any such exemption or abatement as herein mentioned, and how they ought to proceed in making the fame; and such meeting fo to be held (hall be continued with Meeting to be or without adjournment from day to day (Sundays excepted), until  u‘^

all the appeals fo to be entered fhall be heard and determined. hearth"^ ^ LXIV. And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon fhall, on pcrfon8 m ' account of his or her income, claim to be exempted from the appeal re-additional rate or duty which fhall be affeffed by virtue of this fpe&ing in-aCl, or to be entitled to any abatement thereof, in,the proportions come‘ Pru-herein-before Hated, it fhall be lawful for him or her to appeal to the affiflant commiffioners to be appointed for each parifh or iv.rior, att&led place as aforesaid, or to the commiffioners for executing this

p p 2

Ct, by two wit-as utffcs, in the

55«

form in the

annexed

fchedule.

heard in the order they are delivered.

Afilftant commiflioners to give certificates of claims allowed to the commiflion-ers, who fhall amend aflefl'-ments.

No claim to be allowed

Anno regni tricefuno o&avo GeoEgii III. c. 16. [1797*

as the cafe (hall require; and the faid afliftant commiflioners, or any three or more of them, not exceeding the number of feven* as aforesaid, or the faid commiflioners for executing this adf, or any two or more of them, fhall and they are hereby required to hear and determine any such appeal* provided that at the time of hearing the fame appeal a declaration in writing (hah be produced* figned by the appellant, and attefted by tvVo or more credible witnefles, who fhall have feen such appellant figh the fame; which declaration fhall be in the form in the fchedule hereunto Appeals to be annexed ; and all such appeals fhall be heard and determined in the order in which such declarations fhall be delivered; and in cafe any claim fhall be allowed by the afliftant commiflioners, the faid afliftant commiflioners fhall make out their certificates to the refeCtive commiflioners for executing this a6V, {fating therein the limit of the annual income of every such appellant, as declared by him or her, and the faid commiflioners for executing this aft fhall in such cafe caufe the afleflment to be amended as the cafe fhall require; and in all appeals heard before the commiflioners for executing this aft, in cafe any claim fhall be allowed, they fhall alfo caufe the afleflrnent to be amended iri like manner: provided always, That the faid refpeftive commif-fioners, or any of them, (hall not upon any account allow any ianleirverified exemption, or make abatement in the charge made upon any on oath. perfon by any such afleflment as aforesaid, but the fame fhall (land good, unlefs the appellant fhall verify the contents of every such declaration upon oath, or, being one of the people called Quaker sy on folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation any three or more of the faid afliftant commiflioners, or any two or more of the faid commiflioners for executing this aft, are hereby refpeftively authorifed and required to adminifter.

LXV, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any attending may such perfon (hall be prevented from attending in perfon to make appeal by their his or her appeal from any afleflment in the manner before directed, it (hall be lawful for such perfon to appeal by his or her attorney or agent, and to tranfmit his or her declaration, figned by such appellant, and attefted in the manner and in the form herein directed, to the refpeftive commiflioners before whom such appeal (hall be depending, which declaration fo to be transmitted, being verified on the oath, or (being one of the people called Quakers) on the folemn affirmation of the appellant, (hall be as effectual as if such appellant had appeared in perfon, and which oath or folemn affirmation any two juftices of the peace of any county, riding, {hire, ftewartry, or place, or any two commiflioners for executing this aft, of the divifion where such appeal fhall be depending, are hereby empowered to adminifter, and are alfo hereby required to certify the fame, at the foot of such declaration, by writing under their refpeftive hands.

LXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if any such perfon fhall be prevented by infancy, ficknefs, or other incapacity, or by abfence out ot the kingdom, from making any

Per ion? pre vented from

atvormes.

Guardians, &c. may make the declaration for infants, ho./ies corporate, &c

fuch declaration, or from verifying the fame as aforefai

or if any



1797-] Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii IIJ. c. i6.  559

any body corporate or politick (hall be charged to any of the having- firft faid additional rates or duties, it (hall be lawful for the guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, of the fteward or agent of such the a^excd-perfons refpeftively, or body corporate or politick, to appeal on fchedule. the behalf of such incapacitated perfon, or of such body corporate or politick, and to make such declaration as is required in such cafe by this aft, such guardian, tutor, curator, committee, fteward, or agent, having firft made the affidavit let forth in the fchedule hereunto annexed before two juftices of the peace, or two commiffioners for executing this aft (in which cafe the juftices or commiffioners fhall certify the fame at the foot of such declaration as aforefaid) or before the commiffioners before whom the faid appeal (hall be depending, and which affidavit the faid juftices or commiffioners refpeftively as aforefaid are hereby empowered to take, and they refpeftively (hall caufe the fame to be figned by the party making the affidavit, and annexed to the declaration refpefting which such affidavit fhall be made; and every such appeal fhall be as effectual as if such appellant had appeared in perfon.

LXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if any Appeals of perfon (hall be prevented by any fufficient caufe, from appealing venteTto^p^ within the time limited by this aft, it fhall be lawful for the p]y within the commiffioners for executing this aft, or the affiftant commiffion- time limited, ers of the proper divifion, parifh, or place, and on proof to the maybereceiv-fatisfaftion of the faid commiffioners refpeftively of the caufe of timTto'be* such omiffion, to receive the appeal of any perfon fo circum- allowed by the ftanced, within a reafonable time to be allowed by the faid re- commilfipu-fpeftive commiffioners, after such perfon (hall have had notice of ers> the affeflment or affeftments made by virtue of this aft, and the difability arifing from any such caufe as aforefaid fhall have been removed, and the refpeftive commiffioners may proceed in such appeal by and under the like rules and direftions as are hereby prefcribed in other cafes of appeal; and that any abatement of the faid additional rate or duty afiefTeeJ on such appellant, which may be made on such appeal, (hall commence from and after the time appointed for payment of the inftalment of the faid addition nal rates or duties next before the time of making such appeal.

LXVIIJ. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That, ^rom April 5, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred commiffioners and ninety-nine, it (hall be lawful for the refpeftive commiffion- may receive ers aforefaid to receive the appeal of any perfon, on account of any appeals irkome, againft an afi'effinent made by virtue of this aft, (whether refpefting in* such afi'efiment fhall have been made in that year, or in any pre- between1 the ceding year, and whether such perfon fhall have appealed from sth and 2.0th the fame or not, or the income of the perfon affieffed (hall have of April in been dimini(bed fince the making the aflefiment or not), fo that an7 year° such appeal fhall be made between the fifth and the twentieth days of April in any year, during the continuance of this aft, and to proceed therein by and under the like rules and direftions as are hereby prefcribed in other cafes of such appeals ; and that $ny abatement of the faid additional rate or duty aflefled on fuch

? v 3  appeU.

s6o

Such appeals to be entered with the com-rniflioners or their cleric, and heard within a limit ed time.

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. x6. [1797-

appellant, which may be made on such appeal, fhall be allowed according to the rules herein-before preferibfed in such cafes of appeal.

LXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That all such laft-mentioned appeals againft any such afleffment as afore-faid, fhall be entered with the refpebiive commiffioners, or the clerk to the refpebiive corn miff) oners for executing this abl, within fifteen days after foch afl'eiTment (ball be figned and allowed *, and the lame fhall be heard and determined ten days at lead before the day appointed for paying the fir ft inftalment thereon, for which purpose the faid refpebiive commiffioners for executing this abl, fhall, within the time before-mentioned, appoint a day or days of appeal, unlefs the day of appeal from afleflments of the duties now payable on houfes, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houses, fhall intervene, on which days refpeblively the faid refpebiive ccmmifiloners for executing this abl are hereby required to hear and determine ail such appeals.

LXX. And, in order that the eflimates of the annual income of pajbns ajfefjed may be made according to known rules, and with as much unijormity as the reffective cafes zuill admit, be it further enabled, That in every cafe where any perfon fhall claim to vbe exempted from the additional rate or duty hereby impofed, or to be entitled to any abatement thereof, according to the amount of his or her annual income, the faid income fhall be eftimated, in the ->mit-xcd and the declaration hereby required fhall be made in the form fet fchedule; but forth in the fchedule hereunto annexed, and according to the ru^es an^ directions preferibed, as far as the fame relpeblively cordinVto the are applicable to the income of such appellant ; and in all cafes knowledge where the fame are not applicable, then according to the heft of and belief of his or her knowledge and belief, or of the perfon making such the party. declaration on his or her behalf.

Perfon« at the LXXI. Provided always, and he it further enabled. That if, end of any at the end of any year during the term herein-mentioned, any perfon fhall difeover, and fhall prove, to the fatisfablion of the commiffioners for executing this abhor the affiftant commiffion-

o  >

ers abting lor the parifh-or place where such perfon fhall be af-feffied, that his or her income during such year fell ffiort of the

E Hi mates of income and declarations

to be made 'in the form

year proving that their incomes fell flu rt of ihe

fum* m>-n-

I'rcTiv >r ^'im mcnt:l0ne<J ln bis or her declaration by a ftated fum, it ihall to receive, * he lawful for the commiffioners, for executing this abl, or the from the re- major part of them, on proof before them, or on the certificate ceivtTg'.-neral, 0j- qlc laid affiftant commiffioners, or any three or more of them, 11 Ton die" t0 cau^e ^ aflelTment of such.perfon, made under the au-nfThfiincnt, on thority of this abl, to be amended as the cafe fhall require, and certificate of to certify to the receiver general of the fame county or place, under their hands and teals, the amount of the fums overpaid on such affeflment *, and the kid receiver general fhall, on receipt of such certificate, and on production of a duplicate thereof, figned by any two or more of the faid commiffioners abting for the faid divifion, pay to the perfon entitled to the fame such fuin as it fhall appear has been overpaid on such affeffinent out of any monies in his hands of the duties granted by this abl; for which

payment

the com mi f-f on.i

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgn IIL'c. 16.  561

payment the certificate of the faid commiffioners (hall be a fuffi-cient authority, and the fame, on proof thereof, fhall be allowed in his accounts.

LXXIL Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if If the income tlie income of any perfon charged to any of the additional rates or duties by this abl impofed, (hall be diminifhed from any fpe- afteVthe time cific caufe arifing after the time allowed for hearing appeals in for hearing any year during the term herein-mentioned, whereby the perfon appeals, he fo charged may become entitled to any exemption from or abate- rnay appeal on tnent of the faid additional rates or duties, it diall be lawful for pr^viou^no-fuch perfon, or the heirs, executors, or adminidrators of such tice, which perfon, to appeal from the afTeffment made by virtue of this abl, fliall be heard whether such perfon (hall have made any previous appeal or not, giving notice in writing of such appeal to the adiftant com- e^for pj*y-niiffioners, or the commiffioners for executing this add, and abl- ment of the ing for the parifh or place where the adedment fliall be made, next inftak ten days at lead before the faid commiffiqners refpeblively fhall ^dtion^6 be required to hear such appeal; and the faid refpebtive com-and the miffioners fhall be obliged to hear and determine such appeal be- adefiment fore the time appointed for payment of the next in dal ment of may be the faid additional rates and duties which fliall happen after the tended, Src. expiration of the faid ten days; and if such perfon, the heirs, executors, or adminidrators of such perfon, dial], upon such appeal, prove to the fatisfablion of the faid refpeblive commiffion-ers that such income is diminifhed from any such fpecific caufe arifing as aforesaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid commidioners for executing this abl, or any two or more of them, on proof before them, or on the certificate of the faid afiidant comm if-fioners, or any three or more of them, to caufe the adedment of such perfon, made under the authority of this abl, to be amended as the cafe diall require; and that in every such cafe where such amendment fhall take place, a certificate and duplicates thereof diall be made out and figned by the faid com mi f-doners, or any two or more of them, in order that the perfon fo charged, his heirs, executors, or adminidrators, may have the relief intended to be given by this abl ; and ail payments to be made fubfequent to such amendment dial! be regulated according to such amended adedment, during the then remainder of the year in which such amendment diall have been made.

LXXIII. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe where Appellants on an appeal diall be made, in order to obtain a return of the faid th,e ground additional rates or duties on the ground of overpayment, in the nlent^rdmii manner before direcled, or in order to obtain an exemption from nation of in-" or abatement of the faid additional rates or duties on the ground come,tomake of any diminution ot income from any fpecific caufe arifing after declaration in the time for hearing appeals in any year as aforesaid, the appel- ^ annexed lant diall be obliged to make a declaration in the form fet forth fohedule. in the fchedule hereunto annexed, and to verify the fame on oath or folemn affirmation,, as in other cafes of appeal authorifed by this abl.  '  Additional

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the rcfpe£tive ad- du»e.s/t? *?e,

y  1  .  ,  paid by mftal-

* p 4  dlllonal  merits.

562  Anrioregm  tric^fimooftavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797*

ditional rates and duties impofed by this aCt, (hall be payable at the times and in the proportions following ; that is to fay. In fix inftalments, videlicet, on the fifth day of  the fifth day

of June, the fifth day of Angujl, the fifth day of October, the fifth day of December, and the fifth day of February, in every year, and that the payments fhall be made within ten days from the fifth day of April, the fifth day of June, the fifth day of Augufl, the fifth day of October, the fifth day of December, and the fifth day of February, in every year, by even and equal portions; the firft of the faid inftalments to be paid within ten clays from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; ^rsTo^hfiie0" anc^ t^iat t^ie refpeCtive commiiTioners fhall iftue out and de-warrants to J‘ver their warrants to the refpeCtive collectors for the prefent the collectors year, seven days at leaft before the firft of the faid payments to levy them, fhall be due, for the collecting and levying fo much of the rates and duties as will become payable within ten days from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the faid commiftioners fhall, after the faid fifth day of April, yearly, during the term herein-mentioned, iftue out and deliver to the refpeCtive collectors for the time being, their warrants for the fpeedy collecting and levying the faid rates and duties as they fhall become payable by inftalments within each year, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

Places for  LXXV.  And  be  it  further enabled, That the county, parifh,

tor^are^m0' °r P^ace ^or  any  perfons  fhall be employed to colleCt the

ployed to b- additional rates and duties hereby granted, fhall be anfvverable anfwerablefor for their-punctually paying unto the receiver general, now, or them.  for the time being, such money as they the faid collectors fhall

be charged with under this aCh Collectors, if LXXVI. And be it further enaCted, That such perfons as required, to fhall be nominated to be collectors of the faid duties now pay-0^0thers'roav a^e>  if required by the churchwardens, or overfeers or

be appointed, guardians of the poor of any description, or any two or more of them, or the feleCt veftry, or any seven or more of them, where a feleCt veftry (hall be authorifed to aCt for any parifh or parifhes, give good and fufficienr fecurity, equal to the amount of one in-ltalment of the whole rate to be collected in each diftrict, for their duly paying to the receiver general such monies as fhall come to their hands, 'at such times as are directed by this a Cl ; which fecurity the faid churchwardens, overfeers, guardians, or veftry, refpeCtively, are hereby authorifed and empowered to take ; and on failure of the perfons fo named to be collectors as before direCled giving such fecurity, if required, the commif-fioners for executing this aCt, or any two or more of them, fhall be at liberty, and are hereby authorifed to appoint any other two or more fufficient perfons, who can give such fecurity as afore-faidj refiding within the limits and bounds of the parifhes, town-fjiips, conftablewicks, and places, where they fhall be charge-If no perfons a^e5 to be named by such churchwardens, overfeers, guardians, can be found or veftry as aforesaid, to be collectors of the faid additional rates to ;/ive iecu- and duties: provided always, That if no perfons can be’found ;ity, thofc  within

1797*1 Anno regni tricdimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 16.  563

within the feveral parishes, townfliips, conftablewicks, or places fi r ft named bf

then

the comm I f-

refpe£tively, who are willing or able to give such fecurity,  goners t0

and in such cafe the perfons who were firft named by the (aid collectors, commiffioners dial 1 be collectors of the faid additional rates and No fecurity duties : provided alfo, That no fecurity or receipt to be given in or receipt purfuance of this a£t fhall be charged or chargeable with any ftamp duty whatfoeyer.  duty. ^^

LXXVII. And be it further enatfed, That the feveral col- Collectors to Jedtors of the faid additional rates or duties hereby granted fhall, pay duties to within seven days after the refpedtive times hereby appointed for the receivers payment of the feveral inftalments of the faid additional rates or general and to duties, pay into the hands of the receivers general, or thdr ]owance^ refpedtive deputies, all the monies then received on account of those refpedtive inftalments, and (hall alfo from time to time pay any arrears of the faid refpedtive inftalments, which he or they fhall receive after the refpeCbive times hereby appointed, to the faid receivers general, or their refpective deputies, at such times . as the ftiid receiver general fhall appoint; and that the faid feveral collectors, paying the whole fums by them collected within the times hereby appointed, fhall have and receive, for their pains in collecting and paying the money, such fums as the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, with the approbation of the commiffioners of the treafury, (due regard being had to the fize of the diftriCt, and the circumftances attending the fame, together with the amount of the fums collected), fhall think fit, not in any cafe exceeding three-pence in the pound, which the faid collectors are hereby empowered to detain out of the laft payment of their feveral and refpedtive payments in refpeCt of .each inftalment.

LXXVIII. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be law- Afiftantcom-ful for the affiftarit commiffioners for any parifh or place, with the approbation of the commiffioners for executing this act within bation of the the fame divifion, or any two or more of them, such approba- conuniflion-tion being teftified by writing under their hands and feals, to ers> maY em* employ a fit perfon to be their clerk, whose duty fhall be to re-ceive and file all declarations delivered to the faid aftiftant com- tries in books, miffioners upon any appeal under this act, in order that the fame may be returned to the commiffioners for executing this aCt, and to enter the names of the appellants in a book or books to be provided for that purpose, in the order in which the appeals (hall be made, and alfo to enter whether the appellants respectively were fworn before the faid commiffioners, or profecuted their appeals by affidavit, or by any other perfon in their behalf; and that the commiffioners for executing this act within the lame The commif-divifion (hall, on receipt of such books v/ith the due entries boners tocer-therein, and the declarations of all appellants named therein, ^

(which declarations, and alfo all declarations received by the peals, and of commiffioners for executing this a£t, where the faid commiftion * days the ers fhall a£t as alfiftant commiffioners, fhall be carefully kept by clerk has been the clerks to the faid commiffioners for executing this act), emP * make out a certificate directed to the commiffioners for the aN.

4  fairs

56 4

Com million-ers for taxes to fettle the allowance to the clerks to the a (fi ft ant commilfion-trs, which the receiver general fhall

pay-

Receive'' general to pay the clerk, to the comniif-fioners for his pains what they, with the appi obation of the trea-fury, {hall allow.

No receiver general or deputy to have any fa-Jary, but to have what the treafury may allow. *

If furcharges of the duties row payable have not been inane within the time allowed, they may be made be (ore April 5> 1799- .

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

fairs of taxes, containing the number of appeals entered in filch books, and the number of days such clerk has been employed in his attendance on the affiftant commiffioners; and the (aid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes fhall, on receipt of such certificates, fettle and allow what fums fhould be paid to such clerks for their pains in writing and tranferibing the faid books, and in keeping and returning the declarations of appellants, and for their attendance on the faid' affiftant commiffioners, not exceeding the rate at which attornies or folicitors are ufually paid for the like work done bv their refpeftive clerks ; which fums fo fettled and allowed the refpeftive /receivers general, on the production of such certificates with such fums endorfed thereon, fhall pay out of any monies in their hands of the faid additional rates and duties hereby impofed.

LXX1X. And be it further enabled, That any receiver general, upon the receipt of the whole monies affeffed within the county, riding, (hire, flewartry, or place, for which he is appointed receiver, (in cafe he fhall have received the feveral duplicates of each parifh and place therein, and that duplicates fhall be returned to the office of his Majesty’s remembrancer of the exchequer, and not otherwife), fliall allow and pay, according to such warrant as fhall be given in that behalf by the commif-fioners for executing this aft, or any two or more of them, such fum as the faid commiffioners, with the approbation of the com-miffioners of the treafury, (hall allow, not exceeding three halfpence in the pound, and no more, to the clerks of the commif-iloners for executing this a<?c, for their pains in afeertaining the faid additional rates and duties, and for fair writing the affeff-ments, duplicates, and copies herein-before directed, and all warrants, orders, and inftruments relating thereto.

LXXX. And be it further enafted. That no receiver general, his deputy or deputies, fliall be entitled to any allowance by way of (alary, for his pains in receiving, accounting for, or paying the monies collefted by .virtue of this aft; but that the com-miffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorifed to allow to such receivers general, out of the monies collefted by virtue of this aft, such fums as they (hall appear to have expended or difburfed in the execution of this aft, and for their reafonable charges in colleft-ing the fame.

LXXX1. And be it further enafted, That if any furveyor or infpeftor (hall have neglefted or refufed, or fhall negleft or re-fufe to furcharge any afleffment relative to the faid duties now payable, or any of them, within the time allowed by law, it (hall be lawful for the lurveyor or infpeftor of the diftrift where such neglect or refufal fhall have happened for the time being, and he is hereby required, to furcharge the fame at any time before the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; which furcharge fliall be certified and proceeded upon in like manner and as effectually as if the fame had been made within the time allowed by the laws now in force ; provided

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgit III. c. 16.  565

vided always, That the refpedlive commiffioners for executing Commiffion-this acl fhall have authority, and they are hereby refpe&ively re-quired, to appoint, from time to time, days for hearing all ap- nppe i]S peals made from such laft-mentioned furcharges, in such man- againIt them, ner, and at such times, as (hall be convenient, fo that the collection of the rates and duties by this a6t impofed may not be unneceflarily retarded: provided alfo, That no appeal from such No appeal to Jaft-mentioned furcharge, or from any furcharge now depending, retard the fhall retard the execution of this a 61, fo far as relates to the making an afiefiment thereupon by virtue of this a6t; but that it ill all be lawful for the refpedtive officers before-mentioned, to charge the refpe&ive rates or duties hereby impofed on the amount contained in such afiefiment, and to caufe the fame to be levied in the mean time and until such furcharge or furcharges fo appealed from, or to be appealed from, fhall be determined, as if such furcharge or furcharges had not been made; and after the al- After allow-

lowance of such furcharge or furcharges, for the fa id refpedtive a£ce oi ^r" o  o  7  ^  r  cnH^fircs the

commiffioners to caufe iuch afiefiment, and alfo the afiefiment commiffioners made by virtue of this a61, to be amended accordingly ; and all may amend arrears become due on such amended afleffment fhall be levied afieffinents. from the time when the original afiefiment commenced,

LXXXII. And be it further enadted, That, from and after After April the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- 5> 1the eight, the faid commiffioners for executing this a6t fhall annually, anmnllV^o61*8 during the term herein-mentioned, caufe to be delivered to the caufe to he refpeclive afleffbrs appointed to afiefs the duties now payable delivered to within their refpedlive difirridfs, at the time of appointing the *he afieflors, faid aflefiors, or as foon after as conveniently maybe, a true certificates of copy of the certificates of afiefiments made under the authority affieffinents, of this adt, in as far as the fame relate to the perfons liable to who fhall the faid rates or duties hereby impofed within the difiri&s of such aP-fuchaffieffors refpedlively, and the faid a fie (Tors fhall caufe the afieff- j^e burned ment, (except in the cafes herein-afrer mentioned), to be returned with"thole together with the afiefiments to be made of the faid duties now made for the payable for that year upon the' feveral perfons named in such duties now certificates and afiefiments refpectively : provided always, That |gj^yee-,r°l in cafe no afiefiment of the faid duties now payable fhall be made but if no such for that year, within the diftrict of any afielior or aflelTors, upon latter affeffi-any perfon or perfons named in the copies of the certificates de^ nnent he made livered to such afiefior or afleftors, then such aiieffor or

ihall return the fame, together with the caufe thereof, according named in the to the befi of his or their knowledge and belief, to the faid com- certificates, miffioners for executing this a6f,at their firft meeting for receiv- the aflefiors ing the afiefiments for that year, and the faid commiffioners fhall th^km^'^vith caufe the fums contained in such certificates to be colledfced and the realbn, to levied by the refpe6tive colledtors, in like manner as if the fame the cornmif-were returned with the afiefimertts for that year, unlefs the fame fionefs, who fhall be vacated in the manner herein-mentioned; and in cafe {^^s^ontain6 any perfon or perfons named in such certificates fhall be afieffed m tbe ccr-tor any year after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hun- tificates to be dred and ninety-eight, on account of the laid duties now pay- collected.

able, perfons

named in cer-

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

able, to a greater amount than in the year in which the afTeff-, ment made by virtue of this aft fhall have been made, then the {aid afiefiment made by virtue of this aft fhall he increafed proportionally at the rate before direfted, according to the amount

year in which contained in such latter afiefiment: and that in every cafe where the afiefiment -  -  -  -  -  -  -

566

tificates {hall be a fie fled after April 5, 1758, higher than in the

fuch

under it fhall be increafed proportionally, &c.

If any perfon fhall be liable to be a fit fled to the duties now payable, after April 5, in a dif-

_ .  u.vu increafe fhall be made, a certificate and duplicates thereof

fhalfhave8 * fhall be returned by the faid afiefiors, to the refpeftive commif-been made, fioners for executing this aft, in the manner before directed; the afiefiment and the payments to be made, in purfuance of this aft, fhall, after the making of any such increafe, during the then remainder of the term herein-mentioned, be regulated according to the la ft increafed afiefiment; provided that such increafed afiefiment fhall be liable to be appealed againft in like manner as is hereby directed to be done with refpeft to the firfl: afiefiment to be made under this aft.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted. That if any perfon or perfons fhall be liable to be aflefied towards the faid duties now payable, or any of them, in any year after the fifth day of April one thoufnnd seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any parifh or diilrift wherein such perfon or perfons (hall not have been before trid where'lle c^ar£ec^ by v*rtue °f this the afleflors fhall give or leave no-has not been r*ce *n writing to or for every such perfon liable as aforesaid, charged under within the limits for which such afiefiors are to aft, at his or her this ad the dwelling houfe, to prepare or produce, within fourteen days next a|ve^fim^no^ ^nfuing the day of giving such notice, a declaration in writing, rice to ^ro- Tigned with his or her proper name; which declaration fhall fpe-duce a decla- cify whether such perfon hath or hath not been aflefied in any rationfpecily- former year by virtue of this aft, in any other parifh of place, 5Ia^riculars an<^ a^°  name or names °f the parifh or place, parifhes or

and fiiall make P^aces^ an<^ county or counties wherein such perfon fhall have the afiefiment been fo aflefied by virtue of this aftv and alfo the amount of the accordingly, faid afiefiment or afleffments, together with the amount of the rtiifcate^and ^utaes now Payable contained in the laff afiefiment or afleffments thereof; and if in any such cafe it fhall appear that an afTeffment hath been made of the additional rate or duty by this aftimpofed in any former year, but that the amount of the faid duties now payable is liable to increafe, then a proportional increafe, at the rate before direfted, fhall take place in the afiefiment to be made by virtue of this aft; and it fhall be lawful tor the afieflor or afiefiors to whom such declaration fhall have been delivered, to make an afiefiment to the full amount of the fum required ; and where no such afiefiment fhall have been made by virtue of this aft in any former year, then it fhall be lawful for such afiefior or afiefiors to make an afiefiment, by virtue of this aft, on the amount of the duties now payable, contained in the afiefiment thereof to be made for that year, according to the refpeftive rates hereby impofed, and every such afiefior fhall return a certificate of such afiefiment, and duplicates thereof, to the faid commif-fioners, at the refpeftive times, and in the manner before-mentioned ; and if any perfon fo liable to be aflefied fhall negleft or

and return a cert duplicates to the commit-fioners.

If any perfon fiiall not deliver such lift

refufe to make outj, fign, and

deliver such lift within the time before-

^797• I Anno rdgni tricefimo odiavo Georgii 111. c.  16.

before-mentioned, then such afleflor or afleflors fhall make an within the aflefTment by virtue of this adl, as in the cafe where no former aflefTment fhall have been made by virtue of this adl; and every OiallafleTs him such aflefTment fo made upon any such neglect or refufal, (hall as if no afleff-be final and conclufive upon the perfon thereby charged, unlefs menthadbeeri the aflefTment upon which the fame fhall be computed fhall be §cc. abated upon appeal, either on proof of the rate of income of such perfon, entitling him or her thereto, or of any miflake which may have arifen in the computation to be made on the amount thereof, or unlefs it fhall appear that such perfon is entitled to be exempted from the faid additional rate or duty.*

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacled, That ^a^cjP*erf'ort if any perfon or perfons aflefled by virtue of this act, or liable fo *weQ to be aflefled, in two or more places, fhall be defirous of paying be defirous of the whole of the Turns aflefled in either of such places ; or if any paying in perfon or perfons, after an aflefTment made by virtue of this a£d °T.e> or after in any place, (hall remove therefrom, or become refident in any ^11 remove other place, and fhall be defirous of paying the fums aflefled in to^another such other place, it fhall be lawful for him, her, or them, to place and be give notice thereof to the afleflor or aflVflors for such other place, defirous of accompanied with a declaration of the place where such other b^maygiv^* aflefTment was made, and the amount thereof, in the manner notice to the before directed; and every such afleflor or afleflors fhall if necef- afleflors, with fary make an aflefTment to the amount fo declared, or to any a declaration greater amount, in proportion to the amount of the former duties ^ere the^ now payable, for which such perfon or perfons fhall be aflefled in other afiTefiT-fuch other place or places, and fhall certify the fame to the com- mentwas miflioners acting for the diftridd where the faid declaration fhall made, and be delivered; and the faid com miflioners, or any two or more of %^er-in '* them, or their clerk, or other perfon to be employed by them fo r - fpfci fied Hi all that purpose, fhall on requefi: deliver or caufe to be delivered to follow, the perfon or perfons fo again aflefled, a certificate figned by such commiflioners or their clerk, of the amount of such aflefTment, which certificate (hall be made out and delivered gratis, and fhall be a fuflicient authority for vacating the former aflefTment to the amount certified, and for transferring the future colle&ion and account of the fums contained in such former aflefTment to the 'officers adding for the diflridt where such latter aflefTment fhall be made; and that in default of obtaining such certificate, the commiflioners adding for the diftridd where such former aflefTment was made, on proof given on oath of the fadd of such latter aflefTment being made, or of payment under the fame, to the fatisfaddion of the commiflioners prefent, or the major part of.them, may vacate such former aflefTment.

LXXXVh Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That the Exemptions allowance of any exemption from, or abatement to be made of  ^

the faid additional rate or duty, in the manner before directed, }nforce longer fhall not have continuance or be in force for any longer term than a week than the expiration of one week after the fifth day of January after Jan. 5, next enfuing the allowance of such exemption or abatement; but enfumg that it fhall be lawful for any perfon to whom such allowance thereofi'hut^

was the parties

568

may from time to time appeal, ani the commtf-lioners may continue them*

A fit (Tor, and collectors to aid furveyors or infptdtors, or liable to penalty for neglebl of duty.

Bank to open an account with the trea-iury, and carry to their credit all monies authorif-ed by this a£t to be paid them, for which receipts fhall be given, and duplicates if required.

Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii IIL c. i6. [1797.

was granted, at any time during the continuance of the rate and duty hereby impofed, and lb from time to time whenever there fhall be occalion, to appeal again from the afleffment made by virtue of this abb to the commilfioners abling for the parilh or place where the fame was made, in the manner before direbfed, and on proof or, oath, or affirmation, to the fatisfablion of the faid commiflioners, of the amount of the then annual income of the appellant, the faid commilfioners fhall continue the faid exemption, or allow such abatement as the cafe may require; and all the rules and directions prcfcribed for making the appeal to the faid commiflioners, in the fir ft infbance, fhall be ufed and applied (mutatis mutandis) in every other fubfequent appeal to be made to the faid commiflioners; and the faid commilfioners fna have the like powers to determine the matter of such fubfequent appeals, as are hereby given to them for determining appeals in the firfi inftance.

LXXXVI. And be it further enadfed, That all afTeffors and collectors for the time being of the faid duties now payable, fhall and are hereby required and enjoined, at the requeft of any fur-veyor or infpedfor of the faid duties, to be aiding and aflifting such furveyor or infpeCtor in the execution of the powers given to them by this act, and in the performance of their refpe&ive duties hereby required ; and if any affelfor or collector fhall negleCt or refufe to be aiding or aflifting any furveyor or infpeCtor in any matter required of him in purfuance of this aCt, every fucli affelfor or collector fo offending, fhall be liable to such penalties as afieffors and collectors are liable to for negleCt of duty by any aCt or acts of parliament before mentioned, relative to the faid duties now payable.

LXXXVII. And be it further enaded. That the governors and directors of the bank of England fhall open an account in their books with the commilfioners of his^Majefty’s treafury for the time being, under the title of "The Commijfioners of the Treafury on Account of the Supplies granted by Parliament for the Tear one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty and fhall carry to the credit of such account all the monies author!fed by this aCt to be paid to the governor and company of the faid bank of England, or to their cafhier or calibers, or other perfon or perfons to be 3uthoriled by them as herein-after is mentioned, and the faid cafhier or calhiers or other perfon or perfons to be authorifed as aforesaid, fhall give a receiptor receipts in writing for the amount of the monies lo to he paid to the perfon or perfons paying the fame, or to his, her, or their agent or agents, and if required fo to do fhall alfo give a duplicate of any such receipt, or a fecohd receipt of the fame tenor and date, to the perfon or perfons paying the fame, his, her, or their agent or aoents, which duplicates or fecond receipts of the fame tenor or date fhall be accepted and taken by the feveral collectors and receivers of the faid additional rates and duties by this aCt granted, as cafh, and in payment and difeharge of the feveral fums to be affelfed and collected by vittue of this a£t, in the manner herein-after directed.

LXXXVIII. And

1797*] Annoregni tricefimo oilavo Georgii III. c. i6.  569

LXXXVIII. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be law- Perfons may ful for any perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, at any hank^an^ time or times during the continuance of this ac9, to pay or caufe fums Vvit1iout to be paid to the faid governor and company, or to their cafhier requiring or cafhiers, or other perfon or' perfons to be authorifed as afore- duplicate re-faid, any fum or fums of money, and to require a receipt or receipts for the fame, without requiring any duplicate or dupli- deemed vo-cates thereof, or any fecond receipt or receipts of the fame tenor luntary con-and date; which fums fo to be paid as aforesaid, and for which tributions. original receipts only fhall be required, fhall be deemed and taken to be the voluntary contributions of such perfons, bodies politick or corporate refpedfively, towards etFedfing the purposes of this adf.

LXXXIX. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful Perfons may for any perfon or perfons at any time or times during the con-tinuance of this a61 to pay, or caufe to be paid, to the laid funis, and re-governor and company, or to their cafhier or cafhiers, or other quire receipts perfon or perfons to be authorifed as aforesaid, any fum or fums and dupli-of money, and to require a receipt or receipts, and duplicates thereof refpeiftively, or receipts of the fame tenor and date, for deemed to be such payments (which fums may be fo paid without producing on account of to the faid governor and company, or their cafhier or cafhiers, inft.ilments of or the perfon or perfons to be authorifed as aforesaid, any aflefT- ^ ^ancTt^ ment or certificate of the amount of the faid additional rates and excJfs 0f fuc^ duties to be made by virtue of this a£f, upon such perfon or per- fums above fons); and all fums fo to be paid, for which receipts and dupli-the additional cates, or receipts of the fame tenor and date fliall be required,  ^be

fhall be deemed and taken to be on account of such inftalments

luntary con-

of the faid additional rates and duties, and in advance of the tributions. fame; and the excefs of the fums fo paid above the amount of the faid additional rates or duties fo to be affefled or charged on such perfon or perfons, fhall be deemed and taken to be the Duplicate re-^ voluntary contributions of luch perfon or perfons towards efFedl- ceipts fhall be ing the purposes of this a£l; and the duplicates of the receipt or fo^fachTn receipts to be given upon the faid payments, or the fecond re- ftalments as ceipts of the fame tenor and date, fhall, upon delivery thereof to the perfon de-the collectors of the faid additional rates and duties, defied and baring them charged upon such perfon or perfons as aforesaid, be an acquit-tance and difcharge for such and fo many inftalments of the faid dorfe thereon, additional rates and duties fo affefied and charged as aforesaid, as not exceeding the perfon delivering the fame fhall endorfe thereon, and fhall the iums not exceed the amount of the fums exprefled in such duplicates or fecond receipts as aforesaid,  1  .

XC. And be it further enacted. That upon the payment of ^r^h^whole any such fum of money as aforefaid into the faid bank of England, of the fums the cafhier or cafhiers, or other perfon or perfons receiving the paid to the fame, fhall give one receipt, figned by them refoe&ively, for the bank, or t**pa-whole of the fums fo paid, or feparate receipts for such portions thereof as fhall be required, and (hall alfo, if required, give a tions as Unit duplicate of each or any receipt or fecond receipts of the fame be required,

tenor and date refpedtivelv, which receipts and duplicates thereof,to he given,

1  '  *  1  I  and alio du-

plicates; Sec.

On deliver/ ot the duplicate receipts to the collectors, in dif-cbarge of the whole of the duties, they ihall, if required, in-dorfe on the original receipt, the amount and number of inftalments thereby dif-ciurged, on

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 16. [1797

or fecond receipts of the fame' tenor and date, fhall feverally be cot off indentwife from the counter cheques thereof, which counter cheques are to remain with the faid governor and company; and every receipt, in cafes where a duplicate thereof, or fecond receipt of the fame tenor and date, fhall be given, fhall be denominated in the body thereof to be the firft receipt of the fame tenor and date, and the duplicate of such receipt or fecond receipt fhall be denominated in the body thereof to be the duplicate or fecond receipt of the fame tenor or date.

XCI. And be it further enafted, That upon the delivery of the duplicate of any fuCh receipt as aforesaid, or any fecond . receipt of the fame tenor and date, to any colleftor of the faid additional rates or duties, in difcharge of the whole of the faid rates or duties aflefled or charged upon the perfon or perfons delivering or caufing to be delivered such duplicate or fecond receipt, or any part thereof, the faid colleftor fhall, if required, indorfe in writing on the back of the original receipt* of which the duplicate or fecond receipt as aforefaid (hall be delivered, the amount and the number of inftalments of the additional rates or duties thereby to be difeharged, and the commiflioners for executing this aft in the diftrift where such duplicate or fecond receipt [hall have been delivered', or any two or more of them, may and they are hereby required, on any application for that

production of purpose, at any of their meetings, and on production of the which the  original receipt indorsed as aforesaid, or other proof given to the -

comm-flioners fatisfaftion of the faid commi(11 oners of the payment in advance certificates °*" any ^uin money> on account of the laid rates or duties, which Pnall’be grant a certificate thereof under their hands to the perfon or evidence. perfons making such payments, which certificates of the faid commifiioners fhall be received, without further proof, as evidence of such payments in all courts and places, and before all perfons whatever.

XCII. And be it further enafted, That every perfon deliverings to any colleftor or colleftors of the faid additional rates or duties hereby granted, any receipt or duplicate as aforesaid, given for monies paid into, the faid bank of England, in advance as afore-kfs than three faid, in difcharge of not lefs than three inftalments of the faid

Perfons delivering to the colleftors receipts ot' the bank for not

inftalments, to have an al'owance of 4I. per cent, per ann. for money advanced, not exceeding fix in dal ments, &c.

additional rates and duties charged upon such perfon, (hall be entitled to an allowance on the fums ex prefled in such receipt or duplicate, or such part thereof, not exceeding the amount of fix inftalments, charged as aforesaid, of fo much money as the in-tereft ot the fums fo paid in advance, not being lefs than three nor exceeding fix inftalments as aforesaid, fhall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the day of payment of the firft of the laid inftalments fo to be difeharged, until the day of payment of the laft of the faid inftalments, which allowance is to be afeertained by the certificate of the receiver general of the county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, or place, where such additional rates or duties fhall be payable; \yhich certificate such receiver general (ball grant on demand, before the period of such laft inftalment ; and the allowance fo certified fhall be paid

at

1797O Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii HI. c. 16.  571

at the bank of England, or by the collector or collectors of the faid additional rates or duties, out of any payments that may be afterwards made by or on the behalf of the perfon to whom such certificate (hall be granted, or in cafe no future payment fhall become due, then by the receiver general of, the fame county, riding, fhire, ftewartry, or place, out of any monies in his hands, of the faid additional rates or duties.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if The bank any perfon, having received the copy of the certificate of his or her afleflment to be made by virtue of this aft, (hall be defirous perfons pay„ of paying the duty in advance at the bank of England, and of ing affefiT-receiving the difcount to be allowed by this aft on prompt pay- merits in ad-ment at the faid bank of England, it (hall be lawful for the ^an^hree^1* cafhier or caftiiers of the faid bank of England, on production of jnftalments, die copy of such certificate at the time of payment of the faid giving a reduty in advance, (the fum fo paid not in any cafe to be lefs than ceipt and the fum which appears by such certificate to be payable, by three duplicate, inftalments), to make an allowance at the rate before-mentioned out of the fums fo paid in advance, from the day of paying in the fame until the day appointed by this aft for the payment of the laft of the faid inftalments thereby difcharged, and in such cafe to give the perfon paying in the fame a certificate or receipt, and a duplicate thereof, fpecifying therein the number of inftalments thereby difcharged, and the amount of the allowance for such prompt payment; and all such allowances (hall be made by the faid cafhier or caftiiers out of the duties to be paid in at the laid bank of England, at the time of paying the fame.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it Bank may .

{hall be lawful for the cafhier or caftiiers of the governor and c.ert?h'

-  cates in lieu ot

company of the bank of England, on the receipt of any fum of receipts, ancj

money by virtue of this aft, to give a certificate or certificates in duplicates

lieu of a receipt or receipts as herein-before mentioned, and if thereof.

required fo to do, a duplicate or duplicates thereof, or certificates

of the fame tenor and date, and every such certificate fhall be of

the like force and validity as a receipt or receipts in the manner

before direfted.

XCV. And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or per- Perfons forg-

fons fhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged ,nS or altering

or counterfeited, or fhall willingly aft or aftift in the forging or cei3 ?at<ls* r . .  ’  .& J .r  .  &  P  receipts, or

counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, or receipt or receipts, duplicates,

for the whole or any part or parts of the fums received at the or uttering bank of England, in purfuance of this aft, or any duplicate of to any such certificate or receipt, or fhall alter any number, figure, guilt/of or word, in any such certificate, receipt, or duplicate, or know- felony, ingly utter or publifh, as true, any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, or receipt or receipts, or duplicate or duplicates, with intent to defraud the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every such perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged Vol, XLI.  or

Monies arifing from the duties, or received at the bank,to be paid into the exchequer, and kept fe-parate from all other monies.

Monies arifing from the du-

572 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

or counterfeited, or willingly acting of affifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifhing, as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XCYT. And be it further ena&ed, That all monies arifing by the faid refpe&ive additional rates and duties (the necefiary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), and alio all monies to be received at the bank of England, fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, diftindtly and apart from -all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid refpedrive rates and duties, Or received at the bank of England, and paid into the faid receipt as aforesaid, fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflbrs, upon any account whatever; and the faid monies fo paid into the faid receipt (hall be fubjedt and liable to the ufes and purposes herein-after mentioned.

XCVII. And be it further ena&ed, That all the monies arifing ties^or'paid to fr°m the faid refpeefive additional rates and duties, or from pay-the bank, or merits at the bank of''England, or from such other aids and duties from other as (hall be granted by any a£t to be parted in this feffion of par-feifion'for  an^  fpecifically appropriated thereby to the fame purposes

the fame pur- whh the faid additional rates and duties hereby impofed, not ex-pofe, not ceeding in the whole the fum of seven millions, which (hall be exceeding paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer, (hall from time to 7,oco,oool. to  as  the  fame fhall be paid into the faid receipt, be iflued and

fuch^rvices  to  such fervices as fhall then have been voted by the

commons of Great Britain, in this prefent feffion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and- the commidioners of his Majeffy’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorifed and empowered to irtiie and apply the fame accordingly.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That after irtuing or re-ferving at the faid receipt of exchequer, out of the monies to arife as aforesaid, by virtue of this a£t, or any other act or adds to be parted in this prefent feffion of parliament, such fum, not exceeding seven millions, as (hall be voted for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight as aforesaid, fo mu.h of the furplus of the faid monies as fhall be neceflarv, fhall be and is hereby directed to'be applied, in~the firft place, to the payment and di(charge of all annuities, intereft, and dividends, which (hall become payable in confequence of any fum of money, not exceeding the fum or eight millions, to be raifed by loan, by virtue of any act or a61s to be parted in the prefent feffion of parliament-, and the fame fhall, ’ at the’-end of each quarter of a year, or at such other- periods as the faid annuities,, interert, and dividends-fhall' become-payable, be carried to and made part of

the

as fhall then have been voted for 1798.

Application of furplus monies.

573

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 16.

the confolidated fund, during the continuance of the term herein mentioned ; and that after applying such part of the faid monies as fhall be fufficient for the purposes aforesaid, the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorifed and required to ifFue the furplus of the faid monies arifing as aforesaid, during the faid term, to the governor and company of the bank of England, and the faid money fa iflued (hall be by them placed to the account of the commiflioners appointed by an a£t of the twentv-fixth year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, for applying certain fums of money annually to the redudfion of the national debt, who fhall apply the fame in the manner herein-after directed.

XCIX. And be it further enabled, That all the monies which Application by virtue of this a<ft fhall be placed to the account of the faid commiflioners, to be applied towards the reduction of the na- virtue of this tional debt, fhall be applied by the faid commiflioners in pay- ad, to the ac-ment for the purchafe of any publick annuities, in the following count of the manner; (that is to fay), That all monies fo to be applied, which fhall be placed to the account of the faid commiflioners, the national between the end of any quarter of a year ending on the fifth debt, day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July^ and the tenth day of OElober, in any year during the term herein mentioned, and the firft day of the calendar month which fhall commence next after the end of such quarter, fhall be applied to the purchafe of publick annuities, in equal portions as nearly as may be on every day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the fame (hall be transferable, between the faid flrft day of the calendar month which fhall commence next after the end of such quarter and the firft day of the calendar month which fhall commence next after the end of the quarter next enfuing; and that all the rules and directions prefcribed by the faid a£f of the twenty-lixth year of his prefent Majesty aforesaid, for the purchafe of any publick annuities below par, or at or above par, fhall be applied and put in practice with relation to the monies appropriated by virtue of this adl, as effectually as if the faid rules and diredfions had been fpecially enadted in this adl; and all such part of the principal or capital flock of such publick annuities as (hall be purchafed by the faid commiflioners by virtue of this adi, fhall be transferred to the account of the faid commiflioners, in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England; and that the dividends payable thereon fhall from time to time, during the term herein mentioned, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and placed to the account of the faid commiflioners.

C. And be it further enabled, That all dividends which fhall Application from time to time become due and payable in refpedt of the prin- ^nds onthe cipal or capital ftock of such annuities as fhall be redeemed by capital (lock virtue of this adi, fhall be iflued or fet apart out of the confoli- redeemed by dated fund during the term herein mentioned, in the fame man- virtue of this ner as if such principal or capital ftock had not been redeemed, a<^*

2  and

When the duties hereby impofed fhall ceafe.

As foon as annuities to a certain amount (hall be purchafed, the auditor of the exchequer to tranfmit a certificate to the treafury, who fhall order the charging the additional duty to ceafe, &c.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797*

and fhall be paid to the/aid governor and company of the bank of England, to be placed to the account of the fa id commiffioners; and the fame fhall from time to time be applied by them under the like rules and regulations, and in the manner prescribed by the faid abt of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, with refpebl to the fums redeemed by virtue of the faid abt; and that all and every the rules, methods, regulations, and provifions, which in and by the faid abt of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid are provided and eftablifhed for applying, managing, or accounting for the fums veiled in the faid commiffioners for the purposes of the faid abt, fhall be prabtifed, ufed, and put in execution in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for all fums of money directed to be placed to the account of the faid commiffioners by virtue of this abt, as fully and effebtually as if the fame had been repeated and reenabled in this prefent abt; and that after the determination of this abt, Inch dividends as fhall be payable in refpebl of the pub-lick annuities redeemed by virtue of this abt, fhall remain in the confolidated fund, and fhall be applied to the ufes and purposes which the monies compofmg the confolidated fund may be applicable to.

CI. And be it further enabled, That upon the purchafe by the faid commiffioners appointed for the reduction of the national debt, out of the monies to arife by virtue of this abl, of pub-lick annuities, to the amount of the annuities which may be created on the loan of the faid fum, not exceeding eight millions as aforesaid, and upon publication thereof in the manner hereinafter direbled, the faid rates and duties hereby impofed'(hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; and all the rules and regulations of this abt, refpebting the faid refpebtive additional rates and duties hereby impofed, (hall alfo from thenceforth ceafe and determine; fave and except as to the recovery of any arrears of the faid refpeblive additional rates and duties which may at that time have accrued, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture which may have been then incurred ; lave alfo and except as to the provifions of this abl, relating to the dividends which fhall be payable in refpebf to the publick annuities redeemed by virtue of this abl.

CII. And be it further enabled, That as foon as any publick annuities, to the amount aforesaid, fhall be purchafed by the commiffioners for the redublion of the national debt out of the monies arifing by this abl, the auditor of the receipt of his Ma-jefly's exchequer (hall, and he is hereby direbled and required to tranfmit a certificate thereof to the commiffioners of the trea-fury, or the high treafurer for the time being, who (hall thereupon iffiie their or his orders to the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, to direbl the commiffioners for putting this abl in execution, and the feveral furveyors, infpedlors, afleflors, and collectors abling under them refpeblively, to ceafe from charging any further rate or duty for or on account of the faid additional rates and duties by this abl impofed, and to ceafe from collebling

-any

Hosted- by 

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 16.  ^75

any additional rate or duty before charged by virtue of this aft, except arrears of the faid rate or duty grown due or payable before the date of such orders ; and the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes are hereby required to caufe publick notice of such order to be given to them as aforesaid, to be affixed in their office, and at the royal exchange, and alfo to publifh the fame in the London Gazette, before the day affixed for the determination of the faid refpecfive additional rates and duties, and such notice fhall be deemed to be a fufflcient publication of the determination of the faid additional rates and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this a<£f; and the commiflioners for putting this a£f in execution, and all furveyors, infpedfors, af-feffors, and collectors, and other officers adfing under them, are hereby required to act in obedience thereto.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That if, after applying the Any furplus monies to be raifed by virtue of this act to the feveral purposes 111 *,ie exche-aforefaid, any fuin of money fo arifing fhould be in the faid fo/the receipt of the exchequer, the fame fhall remain for the difpo- difpofition of fition of parliament, and {hall not be applied otherwife than as parliament, parliament fhall direct.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all Application pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby impofed, fhall, if fued ‘™d recovery for within the fpace of fix calendar months from the time of0 Pena tICS* such penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cots of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who fhall inform or fue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which fhall and may be fued for in his Majefly’s court of exchequer at Wejhmnjler, for offences committed in England, or in his Majeffy’s court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in Scotland, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoign, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance fhall be allowed; but neverthelefs it fhall be lawful for his Majeffy’s attorney general in England, or his Majeffy’s advocate in Scotland,. in cafe it (hall appear to his fatisfaclion that any such penalty or forfeiture was incurred without any intention of fraud, to ftay all further proceedings, by entering a noliprofequiy or otherwife, with refpedf as well to the fhare of such penalty or forfeiture claimed by such informer or informers, as to the fhare thereof belonging to his Majeffy.

CV, And be it further enabled, That if any adtion or fuit limitation of fhall be brought againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done a l0ns* in purfuance of this a£I, such adlion or fuit fhall be commenced within fix months next after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such adlion or fuit may plead the general General iflue. iflue, and give this acf, and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit, or if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or

3  their

576 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797.

their action or fuit after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have Treble cofts. treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to recover cofts by law.

The perfons CVI. And whereas many counties, cities^ towns, and other the^autliority P^aces'> are hurthened with rates for the purpose of difcharging of borrowing  the debts incurred by the building or repairing of churches, gaols 9

money for  houfes of corrections poor houfes, and other works of a publick

difcharging nature, which debts are required by divers acts of parliament to b^biiil'iin ^ whoUy difcharged within pertain limited times: and ivhereas or repairing ** would tend to facilitate the collection of the tax impofed by churches,  this aCt, and would be a rcafonable relief to the perfons liable to the

gaols, &c.  faid rates> if such times were permitted to be prolonged without pre-

theVnne^foi^ Ju^ce io any creditors \ be it therefore enacted, That in all the payment, not ftcveral cafes aforesaid, it fhall be lawful for the magiftrates or exceeding  other perfons invefted with the authority of borrowing money,

three years  and impofing rates for the purposes aforesaid, to prolong the

tlrne ^or cornP^et’ng the difcharge of the monies borrowed or term with otherwife due, tor any term not exceeding three years beyond the confent of the new fubfifting term : provided always, That such order be the creditors, made with the confent in writing of the refpedfive creditors, or fo many of them as (hall be affected thereby.

Aft may be  CVTI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this

3hUfG"  ma^ a^erec^’ varied, or repealed by any aft or afts to be

fdlion. ilb made in this prefent feftion of parliament.

The SCHEDULE to which this aft refers.

RULES for eftimating the income of perfons appealing againft any aflefiment to be made under the aft of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty.

1 ft CASE,—Tj'REEHOLD,

Jl cuftomary, or copyhold land ufually in the occupation of the owners.

THE CASES of appellants deriving their income, or any part thereof, from or out of land :

In such cafe the income of the owner fhall be taken at the true annual value, according to the beft of his knowledge and belief, but in no cafe lefs than the rent of one year and the half of a year, at which lands of the like quality and quantity are worth to be let by the year in that neighbourhood, and according as the fame may be fubjeft to, or free from tythe, or according to the rate of compofition

577

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavQ Georgii III. c. 16.

2d CASE.—■ AfTefTrnent on the owner of lands dcmifed -to ^ tenant.

3d CASE. — Aflfeflment on the owners of lands -in refpe& of uncertain profits. .

4th CASE.—By the tenant of lands demifed.

5th CASE.—Leflees in con fideration of fines.

compofition or modus payable for the fame, afrer deducing such payments as the fame may be fubjedt to, and which are allowed to be deduced by thefe rules from income arifing out of land.

In the cafe of lands demifed at rack rent; the income of the owner lhall be taken at the full amount of the rent referved for one year, after deducing as aforefaid.

In the, cafe of lands derriifed in confederation of a fine paid, and a rent referved, the faid income fhall be taken at the amount of the faid rent for x>ne year, and of such further futn in refpedl of the fine, as in the judgement of the owner will amount to a fum equal to the receipts of one year, on a fair average.

In the cafe of lands demifed in confideration of a fine only, the like average as aforefaid fhall be taken.

Cafual and uncertain profits arifing out of lands fhall be eftimated according to the befl: of the owner’s judgement and belief, on the amount of a fum equal to the receipts of one year, on a fair average.

In the cafe of a demife at rack rent, the income of the occupier of lands, under the rent of one hundred pounds per annum* fhall be taken at not lefs than: three fourths of such rent for one year.

If of one hundred pounds per annum, or upwards, then at not lefs than the full amount of such rent for one year.

In the cafe of leflees of lands in confideration of fines, whether with or without a rent referved, the income of the leflee fhall be taken at not lefs than <3^4  three

Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii 111. c. 16. [1797.

6th CASE.— Owners of

houfes demifed to tenants.

7th CASE.-—Owners of houfes or other buildings occupying the fame*

8th CASE.—Income arifing from profefiions, or trades, or vocations.

9th CASE.—Income arifing from annuities, intereft of money, rent charge, or other payments.

three fourths, of the rent, at which lands of the like quality and quantity are worth, to be let by the year in that neighbourhood.

In such cafe, the annual rent -for which thehoufe (hall be let* fhall be taken to be the income of the owner, after deducting the fair average for money expended in repairs during the ten preceding years.

The annual value of such houfes or other buildings fhall be taken according to the fair rent at which the fame might be let, clear of all repairs.

The income of such perfon fhall be taken at not lefs than the full amount of his or her profits or gains, acquired or received within the year, ending the thirty-firft day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which such perfon might or could expend within such year, or, at the ele&ion of the perfon aflefTed, at a fum not lefs than the fair and juft average for one year of the amount of his or her profits or gains in the three years preceding the thirty-firft day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and which such perfons might or could expend within the faid three years.

In such cafes, the income fhall be taken at not lefs than the whole films payable within the year preceding the paffing of this a<5h

RULES

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgji III. c. 16.

RULES fetting forth in which cafes, and on what account, any deductions may be made in eftimating the fair income.

ift, General deductions. T?IRST, The amount of an-

X1 nual intereft payable for debts owing by or charged upon - the eftate of the appellant.

Second, The amount of allowances to any child or children, or other relations of the appellant, such child or children or other relations not making a part of the family of such appellant.

Third, The amount of .the affefTed taxes, contained in the laft afleffment or aflefTments thereof, within the year ending the fifth day of April one thou-i'and seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Fourth, The amount of the feveral rates made upon and paid by such appellant, within one year, ending the thirty-firft day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the relief of the poor, for the feveral rates commonly called the church rate, the county rate, the rate (if any) for paving, watching, and lighting ftreets, or for maintenance of fewers, or any rate, tax, or afleffinent payable under any law or adt of parliament for the purposes of draining or embankment, or for the eredlion or repair of churches, gaols, bridges, or other publick buildings, or for repair of highways.

Fifth, The amount of any annuity payable by the appellant, either as a debt or charge upon his or her income, excepting any payment to the wife of any appellant living with such appellant.

2d, Dedu&ion6 in refpect of Firft, The amount of the land.  land  tax  paid  by, or to be paid

by

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 16. [1797,

3d, Deductions by perfons having eftates for life or lives only, in addition to any other deductions before mentioned. * I,

by the appellant, or any former owner or occupier, within one year, ending the fifth day of April one tboufand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Second, The fair yearly average for money expended in repairs of buildings during the ten preceding years.

Third, The amount of fee farm rents, quit rents, rent charges, ground rents, and other rents payable by the appellant, being himfelf the owner of the land, eftimated for one year next preceding the time of making the appeal, and alfo of fines on a fair yearly average.

The amount of premiums for infurance paid out of their incomes to fecure a provifion for themfelves, or any of their families, or for the benefit of their creditors after their deceafe.

FORM to be ufed by appellants in declaring their proportion of the duty to their income.

I,  [A. B.) do declare, That the amount of my annual income, (or, if the declaration Jhall be made by a guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or by a [toward or agents theny

I, [C. D.) of  guardian,  tutor,  curator, com-

■ mittee, Reward, or agent, as the cafe may be, of A. B. of [or as the cafe may be), do declare, that the amount of the annual income of the faid A. B. efti-niated according to the rules and directions prefcribed by an act, pafled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, doth not exceed the fum of  which  eftimate  I  have  made according

to the faid directions and rules, to the beft of my knowledge 2nd belief, having made from the faid income no other deductions than such as are fpecified in the fchedule annexed to the faid act.

Signed,

We wbofe names are under-written, do teftify that the fignature of

is of his proper handwriting, and that the fame was written in our prefence.

£. F. of

G. H. of  FORM

1797’] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 17.  581

FORM of the oath to be made by any guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or by any Reward or agent, making a declaration on the behalf of any infant, or abfent or incapacitated perfon, or any body corporate or politick.

I, C. D. do fwear, (or, being one of the people called Quakers, do folemnly affirm), That I have abled as  for A. B.

of  for  the  fpace of  and  that I am

well acquainted with the annual income of the faid A. B. which annual income is truly Rated in the declaration hereunto annexed, to the beft of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

CAP. XVII.

An att for allowing, during the continuance of the prefent war, a certain proportion of the men, raifed in purfuance of two a£U of the laf feffion of parliament for augmenting the militia, to enlift into his Majesty's other forces, and to ferve until fix months after the conclufion of a general peace,—[Jan. 12, 1798.]

WHEREAS by two feveral afls, paffed in the lafi feffion ^Preamble.

parliament, for providing an augmentation to the militia, a certain number of men were directed to be raifed in the feveral counties^ ridings, and places, in England, in the faid afts mentioned, to ferve as a fupplementary force of militia : and whereas it is expedient, at the prefent crifis, to permit a certain proportion of men, raifed under the authority of the faid afis, in each county, riding, or place, to enter voluntarily into his Majefiy's other forces, within the time hereinafter mentioned: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacRed by the King’s mofl excellent majeRy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall be Perfons en-lawful for any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon, thereunto autho- rolled in the

rifed by the commander in chief of his MajeRv’s land forces, at [uPPlenJ.en~

. J .  .  .  .  r  ^ J r  i  tarv militia

anytime during the continuance of the prefent war, until the maybeen-

number of men allowed by this a<R to beenliRed out of the men lifted into raifed for each county, riding, or place, as aforesaid, (hall be such of his completed, to enliR any perfon enrolled in the fupplementary ^er^foreea militia, raifed by virtue of the faid acRs, who is willing, and as ^all fhall appear fit for fervice, into any regiment of his MajeRy’s appoint, other forces, which his MajeRy Rial), by any order under his royal (ign manual, appoint to be recruited in that manner; and every such officer, ferjeant, or other perfon aforesaid, enlifting such militia man, and every such militia man entering to ferve, or offering to ferve in any such regiment of his Majesty’s faid other forces, fhall be freed and difeharged from all pains, penalties, and forfeitures whatever, incurred by reafon of such enliR-ing, entering, or offering to ferve as aforefaid ; any flatute to the contrary notwithRanding.

II. And

lotted for in bis room.

582 Anno regni tricefimo oCtavo Georgii III. c. 18. [1797* On produc- II. And be it further ena&ed. That upon the production of ficate°ofCantl" arT certlficate> under the hand of any juftice of the peace or fuc^militia^ magiftrate, of any such militia man having voluntarily entered man having himfelf as aforesaid, (which certificate every such juftice or male enMed, he giftrate is hereby direfted to give gratisJ, to the lieutenant of char^V^vom any count}V tiding, or place, where such militia man fo enlift-the'mditta°m *ng was ra^'ed to ferve, or to any three deputy lieutenants and no man of such county, riding, or place, by the officer, ferjeant, or fhall be bal- other perfon recruiting as aforesaid, the faid lieutenant or deputy lieutenants relpeftively fhall caufe the militia man named in such certificate to be difeharged from such fupplementary militia ; and the certificate of the number of men to be railed'to the fupplementary militia for any county, riding, or place, filed by the clerk of the peace of such county, riding, or place, (hall be amended, by ftriking out such number of men as fhall be enlifted in his Majesty’s other forces from the faid fupplementary militia, by virtue of this aft, and the county, riding, or place, for which any militia man fo enlifted was railed, fhall not be obliged to ballot for any other in the room of the militiaman fo difeharged, but fhall in future be difeharged from raifing any men in the room of those who fhall enter into his Majesty’s other forces, by virtue of this aft.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the number of militia men to be enlifted from any fupplementary militia into any such regiment of his Majesty’s other forces, by virtue of this aft, fhall not exceed ten thousand men, nor in any cafe be more than one fifth part of the number of men directed to be raifed to the faid fupplementary militia, in any county, riding, or place.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every perfon to be enlifted by virtue of this aft, fhall be enlifted according to the terms and conditions to be particularly fpecified in the recruiting orders to be iflued for that purpose, and to ferve during the continuance of the prefent war, and fix months after the conclufion of a general peace, and no longer, and (hall not be liable to ferve out of Europe.

The number of men to be to enlifted.

T.'rms of till 1 ft incut.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft to enable his Majejly to order out a certain proportion of the fupplementary militia, and to provide for the necejfary augmentation of men, in the feveral companies of militia, by incorporating the fupplementary militia therewith.—[Feb. 20, 1798.J

Preamble. TT THERE AS bis Majejly hath been gracioufy pleafed to com-V V municate to parliament, his royal intention to draw out and embody the fupplementary militia, raifed by virtue of two efts, pajfed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, or such part thereof as he fhall think neceffary to be drawn out or embodied; and the cccafion of embodying the fame: and whereas it may be expedient ^ that only a certain proportion thereof in each county^ riding,

qt

1797*1 Anno regm tricefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 18.  583

or place, JJyould be embodied on the prefent occafion ; and that the appointment of the men neceffary to confiitute such proportion Jhoukl be decided by ballot, to be taken in each fubdivifion or diJlriSl, without affembling them previously out of their fubdivifion or dijlrifi: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the lieutenant of every county, riding, or WhenhisMa-place, or in cafe of vacancy, or in the abfence of the lieutenant from his county, riding, or place, any three or more deputy pigmentary" lieutenants, to whom any order of his Majesty, for the purpose militia to be of embodying the faid fupplementary militia, or such part there- embodied, the of as herein-after is mentioned, (hall be directed, (hall, as foon ^ant1 to^order" after as conveniently may be, iftue his or their order to the clerks the clerks oV* of the feveral fubdivifion meetings in such county, riding, or the fubdivi-place, to prepare and make out a full and true lift, containing fion meetings the names of all the perfons enrolled to ferve in the faid fupple-  eh°ut

mentary militia by virtue of the faid acts, within each fubdivifion men Enrolled, refpectively, before a day to be fpecified in the order of the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, as aforesaid,, and which day (hall not be later than three days after the date thereof; and, the faid dej'ks to clerks (hall, within the time fixed by such order, prepare and ]j^3 an°d dn-make out such lifts accordingly, and alfo two duplicates thereof, plicates. one of which duplicates fhall be for the ufe of the deputy lieutenants at their fubdivifion meetings, and the other duplicate thereof (hall be tranfmitted to the lieutenant of the county, rid-ing, or place, or the deputy lieutenants, who (hall have ifTued such order as aforcfaid.

II.  And be it further enacted, That the faid lieutenant or County lieu-deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom his Majesty’s order ^nant to iflue (hall be directed, (hall, at the time of ifluing his or their order the chief con-herein-before mentioned, alfo iftue his or their order for aftem- ftable, for af-bling all the men of the faid fupplementary militia, within their fembling the refpective fubdivilions, or at such place or places within their °nrat^^ refpective counties or ridings, and in such proportion, as to the aa^ragn faid lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, as aforesaid, fhall appear with direc- * moft: expedient, on the day or days to be fpecified in such his or tions to blue their order, and which day (hall not be later than the twenty- precepts ac-fixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- th^ co.n ft allies eight, to the chief conftables or other officers of the feveral hun- within the re-dreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, within such fpedtive divi-county, riding, or place, with directions immediately to iftue precepts conformable thereto, to the conftables, tythmgmen, tice tQ ^ headboroughs, or other officers of the feveral parities, tythings, given to the and places, within the faid hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, men. and divifions respectively; and such conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to caufe notice in writing to be given to the feveral men of the fupplementary militia, or left at their ufual places of abode, within their refpective parifhes, tythings,

or

584 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 18. [1797.

or places, to attend within their refpedlive fubdivifions or dif-tricls at the time and place mentioned in such order.

Any man not III. And be it further enacted. That if any perfon of the appearing, or faid fupplementary militia (not labouring under any infirmity the order of ^ncaPac^ng him to ferve as a fupplementary militia man) the deputy Ihall not appear in purfuance of such order, or appearing fhall lieutenants, not abide the orders of the deputy lieutenants attending in pur-to be deemed fuance of this act, every such perfon fhall be deemed a deferter ; a eitrtei.&c. ancj jp not taken previous to the completion of the ballot at which such perfon ought to attend in purfuance of this a£t, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty poiinds, and fhall be deemed and taken to be a perfon liable to ferve within the intent and meaning of this aC% and to be embodied according to the dire&ions herein contained, over and above the number to be chofen by ballot as aforefaid.

Conftables to IV. And be it further enacted, That the refpeftive conftables, o^the^me6 ryt^^nSmen5 headboroughs, or other officers, within their re-and place for fp€(^ivc parifhes, tythings, and places, fhall caufe notice of the aflemblingthe time and place appointed for aflembling the men to be chofen by men to be cho-, ballot as aforesaid, to be affixed on the doors of the churches or to\eyaffixe°d c^aPe^s belonging to their refpedlive parifhes, tythings, and on the church P^aces5 or w’nere there is no church or chapel, then on the door doors.  of the church or chapel of fome parifh, tything, or place there-

unto adjoining; and such notice fhall be deemed a fufficient notice to every perfon enrolled by virtue of the faid a£ls, of the time and place of fo aflembling for those parifhes, tythings, and places refpedtively ; and all such perfons fhall attend at the time and place mentioned in such notice, and according to the fame.

Perfons not V. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon enrolled by chofen by bal- virtue of the faid acts, and not chofen by ballot in purfuance of

°^'er himfelf as a volunteer to be drawn out and roomof those embodied in the room of any perfon fo chofen by ballot, it fhall that are. be lawful for the deputy lieutenants at any meeting to accept such volunteer in the room of such perfon fo ballotted as aforesaid, and such perfon fo accepted fhall ferve as if he had himfelf been chofen by ballot.

When the VI. And be it further enabled, That whenever-the whole enmbedUfor ei' numr Perfons enrolled in the laid fupplementary militia for any fubdivi- any fubdivifion of any county, riding, or place, fhall have been fion fhall be ordered to be drawn out and embodied in purfuance of this embodied, if and jn cafe any of the perfons fo ordered to be drawn out a^ear and be arl^  afterwards  make  default,  either  by  not  ap-

not^aken ° pearing in purfuance of any such order as aforesaid, or by defer-within three tion or abfence from duty, and such perfon fhall not be taken months, the within the fpace of three months from the time of such default, r a vacancy fhall be declared by the deputy lieutenants at afrefhballot. tiVie*r next meeting for the fubdivifion for which the perfon fo making default was enrolled, on the certificate of such default, under the hands of the officer appointed to receive the ballotted men for such fubdivifion of such county, riding, or place, or

command-

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III, c. i8.  585;

commanding the regiment, battalion, or independant company to which they fhall be appointed; and the vacancy thus occa-fioned fhall be filled up by a frefh ballot for a fupplementary militia man, which ballot (hall be conduced according to the provifions of the faid adts of the thirty-feventh year aforesaid, and in like manner as if such vacancy had been occafioned by difcharge. from the fervice.

VII. And be it further enabled, That the faid lieutenant or ^ant^o^" deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, of every county, riding, or place, p^int the firft or any three or more of them, fball appoint the firft meeting to meetingotthe be holden by the feverai deputy lieutenants and juftices of the deputy lieu-peace of the fame county, riding, or divifion, within their re-  on  the

fpedlive fubdivifions, or at such other place or places as fhall have Jday for afpem^ been appointed as aforesaid, on the day mentioned in such order filing the men, as aforesaid, for affembling the men of the faid fupplementary and to appoint militia, in order to their being ballotted to ferve as herein is  ^  ^

mentioned, and fhall alfo appoint the time and place of afiem- Ambling the bling such of the faid men as fhall be fo ballotted, within their men ballotted, refpecftive counties, ridings, or places, in order to their being in order to embodied ; of which feverai appointments the refpedlive deputy embodied^ lieutenants and juftices refpe&ively fhall have notice ; and all the men enrolled on the lift of every such fubdivifion or diftridl, and appearing in purfuance of such order on the day fo to be ap- tered, and a pointed, fhall be then muftered by the faid deputy lieutenants, number to be or by one deputy lieutenant and one such juftice of the peace, chofen by bal-or where no deputy lieutenant fhall attend, then by any one such f-^ofhe° juftice of the peace; and the faid deputy lieutenants, or one de- whole that puty lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, or one such juftice ought to.be of the peace as aforesaid, fhall at such meeting proceed to caufe enrolled, &c. such a number of the men fo appearing to be chofen by ballot as fhall be equal to one half of the compleat number that ought to be enrolled by virtue of the faid a<fts on the lift of such fubdivifion or diftricft, and to caufe the names of all the perfons fo chofen to be marked on the lift of such fubdivifion or drftritff, and when the ballot fhall be concluded, the faid deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, or such juftices of the peace as aforesaid, (hall caufe the lift of such fubdivifion or diftricft to be publickly called, and as the name of each perfon contained therein (hall be read, fhall declare whether such perfon is or is not (as the cafe may be) ballotted out of such lift, in the manner herein-before provided; and the names Pei'f°ns ^hoof all the perfons fo chofen by ballot fhall be returned to the to\/embo-lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, for which such per- died, and to fons are enrolled, or to the deputy lieutenants, who fhall have attend at the given such order as aforefaid ; and the perfons fo chofen by bal- time and place lot (hall be embodied to ferve according to the true intent of the tha^pur^of^1" faid a61s ; and the faid deputy lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, or such juftice of the peace as aforesaid, (hall openly declare to the men, who have been fo ballotted, the time and place' of their affembling, in order to their being embodied; and all and every such perfon or perfons,

who

586 Anno regrii tricefimo oflavoGEORGii III. c. 18. [1797.

who (hall be fo declared to have been fo ballotted, (hall immediately proceed and repair to, and (hall duly attend at the time and place fo to be appointed and declared, in order to their being embodied accordingly; and all and every such perfon or per-fons as (hall be fo declared to have been not fo ballotted as

further attendance in pur-

Perfons not ballotted to

from'attend-^ aforesaid, fhall be difcharged from

ance.

Meetings may be held not-withftanding the afiizes. Where any men have entitled previous to the ballot, purfuant to 38 Geo. 3. c. 17. and the fame has been certified to the clerk of the fubdivi-iion, no more ill >11 bechofi n than half the number that ought to be

fuance of such order as aforefaid.

VIII. And whereas, in cafe any of the meetings appointed by this aft to be heldftoouldfall within the time appointed for the affixes in any town where such meeting has been appointed to be held, doubts may arife whether it would not be necejfiary for the militia men fo met to remove from the fame; be it therefore enafted, That it (hall be lawful for them to continue and remain there, notwithftanding the affizcs being then held at such place.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That where any of the fupplementary militia of any such fubdivifion or dif-tri£k (hall have been enlifted, previous to such ballot, into any of his Majesty’s other forces, in purfuance of an a61, palled in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for allowingy during the continuance of the prefent war, a certain proportion of the men, ratfed in purfuance of two afts of the lajl feffion of parliament, for augmenting the militia, to enllfi into his Majefly s other forces, and to ferve until fix months after the conclufion of a general peace, and the fame (hall have been certified, by the commanding officer of any regiment into which any of such men (hall have been enlifted, to the clerk of such fubdivifion or other meeting as aforesaid, which certificate every such commanding

enrolled, rec- 0fgcer js hereby required to tranfmit previous to the day to be Ironing as part .  .  r rJ ,  *  .  n  f  .  r  ,  . rJ  r

the men cn- appointed tor such ballot, it (hall not be lawful to choole, out ot

lifted.  the men fo appearing in such fubdivifion or diftridf, a greater

number than will be neceflary to complete one half of the number that ought to be enrolled on the lift of such fubdivifion or diftritft, after reckoning, as part of such half, the men enlifted previous to such ballot, and who (hall be fo certified : provided alfo, That where the militia men of such fubdivifion or diftrict cannot be equally divided, it Ihall be lawful to ballot for one man more than will be neceflary to complete the quota required to be ballotted for such fubdivifion or diftridh Any perfon X. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon of the faid

ordered to be fUpplementary militia, ordered to be embodied in purfuance of embodied not ,-0  /  11  •  j  -a •  •  •  •  1 •

appearing, to 1"1S a<-G (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him

be deemed a to ferve as a fupplementary militia man), {hall not appear and deferter; and march in purfuance of such order, every such militia man (hall any perfon  ]jable to be apprehended and punifhed as a delerter, according

to the provifions of any a61 which (hall be then in force for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the belter payment of the army and their quarters ; and if any perfon (hall harbour and conceal any such militia man, when ordered to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such militia man, every such perfon (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

XI. And

harbouring him to forfeit ico 1.



1797*] Anno rcgni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III, c. 18*  587

XL And be it further ena<£Ied, That every man of the /aid Allowance to fupplementary militia, who fhall appear and attend at the ballot .to be taken in purfuance of this act on whom the lot fhall not not ch0fen fall, fhall be entitled to an allowance, after the rate of one fhil- by ballot, ling per diem^ during the time he fhall be neceflarily employed from home, in goii g to, continuing at, and returning from the place to be appointed for such ballot, to be paid by the clerk of the fubdivifion or other meeting in which such men fhall be enrolled, on the certificate of the number of men, fo appearing, under the hands of such clerk, and of such deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace refpedfively, or where no deputy lieutenant fhall there attend, then of any one such juftice of the peace as aforesaid, and the receiver general for luch- county, riding, or place, fhall, on the like certificate, rcimburfe to the faid clerk the films fo paid, out of any monies in his hands of any aid granted by parliament by way of land tax ; and the pay CommefiCd-cf every such man, who fhall be embodied in purfuance of this ment of the a£L fhall commence on the day of the date of his Majesty’s war- embodied611 rant for drawing the faid militia out into adlu’ai fervice.

XII.  And be it . further enabled, That the refpective clerks Clerl>s

of the fubdivifion or other meetings fhall be, and they are hereby ^vvo^the^ authorifed and empowered to draw on the receiver general of receiver gene* the land tax for the county, riding, or place, for such fum or ral of the Turns of money as such deputy lieutenants, and juftices of the  ^

peace refpe&ively, or where no deputy lieutenant fhall attend, d^uty then as one juftice of the peace fhall, by any order under their lieutenants or his refpedVive hands or hand, direct and appoint, which fum and juftices, or fums of money fhall be applied by such refpe*flive clerks for ^or .moneJTor

•  *  *  ^ ^  -  •*  '**  Doyinrr 2.ilO

paying the allowances herein directed to be made, to the men of^nces^ the faid fupplementary militia for their attendance at the place of ballot; and the receipt of any such clerk, together with luch order fhall be to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax a fufficient difcharge for the payment of such fum or fums of money, and be allowed in his or their account.

XIII.  And be it enacfted, That the clerk of each fubdivifion Clerks, when or other meeting fhall,1 when required by such deputy liciate-

nants and juftices of the peace, or where no deputy lieutenant*coun^ofmo. fhall attend, then by one juftice of the peace, make out an ao ney received count of the refpe6Iive fums of money by him received and paid, and paid, in purfuance of this a£t, to be by them examined, allowed, and ^Tlowe<lWa 11 figned, and the account fo examined, allowed, and figned, fhall their* be and is hereby directed to be the proper voucher and acquittal voucher, of such clerk for the application and difpofal of luch money.

XIV.  And be it further ena£led, That whenever any militia When any man fo embodied as aforefaid fhall defert, or abfent himlelf from

his duty, and fhall not return or be taken within the fpace °f fhaiMefert three months from the time of his fo deferring or abfenting him- and not be* felf, then and in every such cafe the deputy lieutenants, or any taken in, of two or more of them, at their firft meeting holden for the laid  at>-

fubdivifton for which such perfon was enrolled, next after the mohth^an-receipt of the certificate of such defertion or abfence from the other fhall be Vol. XLI.  R  r  officer

the fubdivl (ion

588 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 18. [1797.

ballotted for officer appointed to receive the ballotted men, or commanding foiis°re\umed reg*ment’ battalion, or independent company to which they in the lift for  be appointed, (hall proceed to ballot for another perfon in

the place of the perfon fo deferting or abfenting himfelf, out of the perfons returned in the lift before mentioned for such fubdi-vifion, who (hall not then be ferving in the fupplementary militia, in purfuance of the faid afts of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, or in fome of his Majesty’s other forces, in purfuance of the faid aft, pafied in this prefent feftion of parliament, and fo from time to time as occafion fhall require, fo long as any of the perfons returned in such lift fhall not have been chofen by ballot, nor (hall be then ferving as aforefaid.

XV.  Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nomay order the thing herein contained fhall be conftrued to debar his Majesty remainder of from ordering the remainder of the faid fupplementary militia,

or fo many of the remainder of the faid fupplementary militia, of any county, riding, or place, as his Majesty fhall in his wif-dom think proper to be drawn out and embodied, whenever the occafion fhall require, according to the provifions pre-fcribed by the faid afts.

XVI.  And be it further enafted, That whenever his Majesty fhall think fit to draw out and embody any further proportion of the fupplementary militia of any county, riding, or place, than the proportion of one half before mentioned, it fhall be lawful for the lieutenant of every county, riding, or place, or three or more deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby refpeftively required to caufe such further proportion to be drawn out and embodied as his Majesty fhall order, arid in fo doing such lieutenant and deputy lieutenants re-fpeftively, and alfo all and every the deputy lieutenants, and all other officers aforefaid refpeftively, fhall purfue the rules and direftions herein-before prefcribed for drawing out and embodying the proportion thereof herein-before particularly mentioned.

XVII.  And be it further enafted, That if during such time as any part of the fupplementary militia which fhall have been drawn out and embodied for fervice, purfuant to the provifions of the faid recited afts of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, fhall continue embodied, his Majesty fhall deem it expedient that the fupplementary militia of any county, riding, or diftrift, or any part thereof which fhall not, at such time, be aftually embodied for fervice, fhould be drawn out in order to be muftered, trained, and exercifed, for a limited time, inftead of being fo embodied for fervice, according to the provifions of the faid afts and of this aft, it fhall be lawful for his. Majesty to direft the lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants, of all or any of the faid counties, ridings, or diftrifts, to caufe the faid fupplementary militia not aftually embodied, or any part thereof, of each or any of the faid counties, ridings, or diftrifts refpeftively, to be drawn out in order to be muftered, trained, or exercifed, in such proportion, and for such time, and at fuch

place

His Majesty

the militia to be embodied.

When his Majesty lhall think fit to embody any further proportion than the half before mentioned, the directions hereinbefore pre-fcribed to be purfued.

His Majesty may order any fupple-mentary militia not embodied, to be drawn out in order to be muftered or exercifed.

1797-3 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III* c. 18.  589

place or places, as his Adajefty (hall think fit; and the fame (hall be muttered, trained, and exercifed accordingly, for such time, and in such manner, as his Majesty may diredh

XVIII,  And be it further enadled, That every perfon not ^very perfon pottetted of an ettate in land, goods, or money, of the clear

value of five hundred pounds, who fhall be, at any time after ft,,-ill be bal-

the patting of this actt, chofen by ballot to ferve in the faid fup- lotted ahd

plementary militia, and fhall be fworn and enrolled, or (hall fcyve, or pro-

provide a fit perfon to ferve as his fubftitute, who fhall be fworn *to be'"

and enrolled, (hall be entitled to be paid a fum of money not entitled to ail

exceeding the fum allowed to be paid by overfeers of the poor to allowance,

any volunteer enrolled in the faid fupplementary militia, nor but not to ex-

fuch fum of money as fhall be adjudged to be as near as may chofen'

be one half of the current price which fhall be at that time paid before paffing

for a volunteer to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia, which this a£t*

payment fhall be ordered, raifed, and made, upon the like oath

of the party, in like manner, and with the like remedies, for

the raifing and paying the fame, as by an aft, palled in the

twenty-iixth year of his prefent Majeftv’s reign, is provided with

refpedt to the ordering, raifing, and paying the allowances to be

made to perfons chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia raifed by

virtue of the faid a£I of the twenty-fixth year of his Majetty’s

reign, if fo chofen when such militia happens to be drawn or

ordered out for actual fervice i provided always, That nothing in

this a<51, or in the faid aT of the twenty-fixth year of his prefent

Majetty’s reign, or in any adt relating to the faid fupplementary

militia, (hall be conftrued to extend to entitle any perfon who has

been chofen by ballot to ferve in the faid fupplementary militia

before the patting of this a61, to demand the allowance aforefaid.

XIX.  Jnd whereas, by an aft paffed in the tiventy-fixth year the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An adt for amendin_ and reducing into one adt of parliament, the laws relating to the 107 * militia in that part of Great Britain called England, it is enaftedy

That no company of the militiay to-be raifed by virtue of the faid afty Jhall conftji of more than eighty men at the mof: and whereas it may be necejfary, in cafes where the faid fupplementary militia fball be incorporated with the faid other militia, according to the provifons of ihe faid afts of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, or where the faidfupplementary militia ft) all be formed into regiments, battalions, or independent companies, in purfuance of the faid afts of the thirty-feventh year aforesaid, to form certain companies of militia, con fifing of more than eighty men in a company; be it further enadted, That, from and after the paffing of this ad>, His Majesty it (hall be lawful, during the continuance of the faid adls of the thirty-feventh year aforesaid, to form the number of men com- ^mpanies°of pofir.g the militia of any county, riding, or place, or the faid any number fupplementary militia, into companies, confiding of any number of men, See.; of private men in a company; and that where the number of militia men of any county, riding, or place, now formed into a battalion, as amounting to the number of three companies, and under eight companies, fhall, by incorporating the fupplemen-

R R 2  tary

of

cr ^6 Geo* 3.

59° Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 19. [1797.

tary militia therewith, be advanced to the number of eight companies, and not more than twelve, it (hall be lawful for his Majedy, whenever he fhall think proper, to caufe the fame to be formed into a regiment, and such number of officers of such rank refpe&ively to be appointed, as by the faid a£t of thetwen-ty-fixth year aforefaid are allowed for a regiment of militia; and where the number of militia men of any county, riding, or place, now formed into an independent company or companies, as confiding of lefs than three companies, (hall, by incorporating the fupplementary militia therewith, be advanced to the number of three companies or more, it fhall be lawful for his Majedy, whenever he (hall think proper, to caufe the fame to be formed into a battalion, if the number of such companies fhall not amount to eight, or into a regiment, if the number of such companies (hall amount to eight or more, during the continuance of the faid a£ts of the thirty-feventh year aforesaid, and such number of officers of such rank refpe&ively to be appointed, as by the faid a61 of the twenty-fixth year aforefaid are allowed for a battalion of militia, confiding of the like number of companies, or for a regiment of militia, as the cafe fhall rebut uoon d du*rc> any  in  the  faid a6ts to the contrary notwithdand-

terrninatiorfof *nS ** provided always, That upon the determination of the faid aits of the thirty-feventh year aforesaid, the regiments, battalions, and companies, formed in purfuance of this a6f, fhall be reduced to their prefent edabliffiment as if this a6t had not been made.

XX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That all pow-ing to the mi-ers> provifions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, litia to extend claufes, matters, and things, contained in the aforefaid a6fs of to this act. the twentv-fixth and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majedy, or in any other a6t relative to the training, raifing, embodying, and calling out the militia, or the fupplementary militia, (and not hereby altered), fhall be applied, pradlifed, and put in execution, with relation to the provifions of this adf, in as full and ample a manner as if the faid powers, provifions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were repeated and re-enadled in this a£h

the two a6ts of 37 Geo. 3. the prefent eftablifhment to take place.

All a6ts relat-

Pre amble. 3S Geo. 3. c. 18.

CAP. XIX.

An act to give further time for putting in execution an adi> made in this prefent fejjion of parlia?ncnt, intituled, An a6t to enable his Majedy to order out a certain proportion of the fupplementary militia, and to provide for the neceflary augmentation of men in the feveral companies of militia, by incorporating the fupplementary militia therewith.—[Feb. 23, 1798.J

WHEREAS by an adt, paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majedy to order out a certain proportion of the fupplementary militia, and to provide for the neceflary augmentation of men in the feveral

companies

1797*3 Annoregni tricefimo octavo Georgix III. c.20,21.  591,

companies of militia, by incorporating the fupplementary militia

therewith ; it is enacted, That the lieutenant oj every county, ridings

or place, or, in bis abfence, any three or more deputy lieutenantsr/fball

iffue his or their order for affembling oil the men of the fupplementary

militia, within their refpeSlive fubdiviftons, at such place or places

within their refpeStive counties or ridings, and in such proportion as to

the faid lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants, fall appear ?noft expedient,

on the day or days to be fpecified in such his or their order, and which

day /hall not be later than the Uuenty-fxth day of February one thou-

fand seven hundred and ninety- eight: and whereas it is expedient that

further time jhould be cdlowecl for affembling the men of the faid fup-

plernentary militia; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent £ount ^eu

Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual tenant may

and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, iffue his order

and by the authority of the fame, That the lieutenant, or deputy f°r affembling

lieutenants, (hall and may iffue his or their order for affembling

the men of the faid fupplementary militia, on a day or days to be 0naday,

fpecified in such his or their order, not to be later than the tenth not later than

day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any March io,

thing in the faid act to the contrary notwithflanding.  I798*

II.  And be it further enabled. That any orders which have Su(~h or^rs been, or may be iffued by the lieutenant, or any three or more t0 e va 1 * * deputy lieutenants* of any county, riding, or place, for such af-femblies of the men of the fupplementary militia, to be held at a day or days later than the twenty-fixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and not later than the tenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, fhall be legal and valid, according to all intents and purposes as if the fame had been held not later than the twenty-fixth day of February • one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any thing in the faid a<51 to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XX.

An ad for railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year 1798.—[March 9, 179s.]

Commiflioners of the treafury may raife 3,000,0001. by loans and exchequer bills before May 1, 1798, in like manner as is prefcribed by the malt ad of this feffion, c. 4, concerning loans, &c. The claufes, &c. in the faid ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged, before July 5, 1798. Adion not to lie for such refufal. Principal and intereft with charges, to be repaid out of luch inftalments as (hall be fpecified in the exchequer bills, on any loan of this leffion, or of any money payable under 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. and if the inftalments paid before Nov. 20, 1798, be infufficient, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo iffued to be replaced out of the fivft fupplies.

CAP. XXI.

An ad for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on John earl St. Vincent, and the two next perfons to whom the title of earl St. Vincent lhall defeend, in confederation of the eminent fervice performed by the faid John earl St. Vincent to his Majesty and the publick.—[March 9, 1798.]

R R 3  .  A  life

592 Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgxi HI. c. 22—24. [1797.

A life annuity of a,oool. a year fettled on earl St. Vincent, and the two next fucceeding heirs to his title, to commence* from Feb. 14, 1797, and to be paid quarterly.  ,

C A P. XXII.

An adt for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on Adam lord vifcount Duncan, and the two next pcrfons to whom the title of vifcount Duncan fh.dl defjend, in confideration of the eminent fervice performed by the laid Adam lord vifcount Duncan to his Majesty and the publick. — [March 9, 1798.]

A life annuity of a,oool a year fettled on lord vifcount Duncan, and the two next fucceeding heirs to his title, to commence from Odt. n, 1797, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. XXIII.

An adt for punifhing mutiny and defertiop; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.---[March 9, 1798.]

Number of forces 48,609 including 5,766 invalids.

CAP. XXIV.

An a 51 to repeal the duties on gold and filver plate ufed in watch cafes.—[March 9, 1798.]

Preamble. TT7HEREAS by an a5t, made in the twenty-fourth year of the 0,4 Geo. 3, VV reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An adt for granting to c. 53. and his Majesty certain duties on all gold and filver plate imported; ‘ and alfo certain duties on all gold and filver wrought plate made in Great Britain, a certain duty was impofed, after the rate of eight Jhillings for every ounce troy of gold plate, and after the rate offexpence for every ounce troy of filver plate, which Jhould be imported or brought into Great Britain, or ivbicb Jhould be made or wrought^ and which Jbould or ought to be touched, affayed, and marked in Great Britain, 37 Geo. 3. over and above all other duties impofed thereon; and whereas, by an c. 90., recited. macle jn tfo£ thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, an additional duty after the rate of eight Jhillings vaas impofed for every ounce troy of such gold plate,, and an additional duty after the rate of fixpence was impofed for every ounce troy of such filver plate: and whereas it is deemed expedient, that the duties impofed by the faid recited adis^fo far as the fame relate to gold and filver plate ufed or to be ufed as and for watch cafes, Jhould be repealed: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, From Mardi "phat, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand duties binder ^ven hundred and ninety-eight, the faid recited duties, fo far as recited afts, the fame relate to gold and illver plate ufed or to be ufed as and fo far as they for watch cafes, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid ufed"for* ^ate °r PaYa^e> and that then and from thenceforth all the powers watch cafes anc^ authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations repealed. prefcribed, by the faid recited aefts, or either of them, in relation to the managing, fecuring, collecting, retovering, and paying

” ’  the

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 25,26.  593

the far'd duties, fo far as the fame relate to gold and Diver plate ufed or to be ufed as and for watch cafes, and all penalties and forfeitures in refpeff thereof, fhall alfo ceafe and determine, fave and except in all cafes relative to the recovering of any arrears which may at any time remain unpaid of the fame duties, and to the accounting for the fame, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which fhall have been incurred upon or at any time before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one tboufand seven hundred and ninety-eight; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.  And be it further enafbed, That in cafe any perfon or per- *hor &°ld a£d fons fhall, before the fifth day of March one thousand seven hun- cVfesexported dred and ninety-nine, export by way of merchandize for any before March foreign parts, any gold or filver plate wrought or manufactured 5> *799> a into watch cafes in this kingdom, and the fame fhall appear to the^ties to have been made as aforesaid, and marked according to the regu- be a|]oweci lations of the faid recited acts, and the feveral duties before men- on certain tioned (hall have been paid thereon, and (hall give fufficient fe- conditions, curity before the fhipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such plate intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, fhall not be relanded or brought into Great Britain, and (hall make proof upon oath that the fame gold or filver plate was actually made as aforesaid, &nd marked according to the regulations of the faid recited afts, such fecurities to be taken, and such oaths to be adminiftered, in the manner directed by the faid recited aof the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and (hall alfo produce such certificate, and (hall authenticate the fame in the manner and under the regulations directed by the faid laft-mentioned aft, then and in such cafe such exporter fhall be entitled to a debenture from the cuftomer or colle&or in the manner alfo directed by the faid Jaft-mentioned act, which being certified by the fearcher upon the faid debenture, the receiver of the Damp duties for the time being, or any officer appointed by the commiffioners of the (lamp duties for that purpose, upon the faid debenture fo certified being produced to him, (halJ forthwith pay a drawback or allowance of the whole of the duties paid on such gold or filver plare by virtue of the faid recited afts, out of any monies in his or their hands of the duties on plate, which payment fhall be made without fee or reward.

CAP. XXV.

An aft to permit, during the continuance of the prefent war, the importation of fait from Portugal, in neutral (hips.—-[March 9, 1798.]

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for reftifying miftakes in the names of feveral of the commiffioners appointed by an aft, made in the laft feffion of parliament, to put in execution an aft, made in the fame feffion, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1797; and for appointing other commiffioners, together with those named in the firft mentioned aft, to put in execution

R R 4  an

Preamble.

The county and deputy lieutenants, in obedience to his Ma-jefty's orders to procure re turns ot men 15 years of age, and under 60; and which are in volunteer corps; and which are willing to be armed, &c.;

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Geoegii HI. c. 27. [1797.

an aft of this fcffton of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1798, and for indemnifying such perfons as have afted as commifiioners for executing the faid aft, tor granting an aid to-his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1797. —[March 9, 1798.]

cap. xxvii.

An aCl to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and J'ecurity of the realm during the prefent war; and for indemnifying pcrjons who may fuffer in their property by such meafures as may be neccffary for that purpose,—[April 5, 1798.]

WHEREAS it Is expedient, that his Majefy Jhould be enabled to exercife, in the mo ft effectual manner, the powers by law vcjled in him for preventing and repelling an invafion of this kingdom by his Majeff s enemies ; and that, for such purpose, provfon Jhould he made to enforce prompt obedience to (itch orders as his Majefy ft)all think fit to iffue for procuring the information neceffary to the effectual exereije of such powers upon any emergency * and for applying, in the moft expeditious manner, and with the greateft effect, the voluntary fervices of his loyal fubjeCts for the defence of the kingdom; and alfo to enable his Majesty to procure ground which may be wanting for erecting batteries, beacons, and other zvorks, which may be deemed neceffary for the publick fervice; and alfo to provide for the indemnity (in certain cafes) of perfons who may fuffer in -their property by meafures zvhicb may be taken for the defence and fecurity of the country, and annoyance of the enemy: be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fp^ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the lieutenants of the feveral counties, ridings, and places, within that part of Great Britain called England, and of the feveral counties, ftewartries, cities, and places in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, > and their deputy lieutenants, or such of them as his Majesty fhall diredf, and the deputy lieutenants adfing as lieutenants under the laws now in force, fhall, refpeftively, in obedience and conformity to such orders as his Majesty (hall think, fit to iffue for such purpose, procure returns of the numbers of men refiding within the feveral counties, ridings, ftewartries, cities, and places afore-faid, who fhall be of the age of fifteen years, and under the age of fixty years; diftinguifhing which of them are, by reafon of infirmity, incapable of adtive fervice, and which of them are engaged in any volunteer corps, and what corps, and which of them are willing to engage tnemfelves, to be armed, arrayed, trained, and exercifed for the defence of the kingdom, and upon what terms; and which of them are willing to engage, in cafes of- emergency,, either gratuitoullv or for hire, as boatmen or bargemen, or as drivers of carriages or horfes, or drivers of waggons, carts, or cattle, or as pioneers, or other labourers for any works or labour which may be neceffary for the publick fervice; and alfo diftinguifhing all aliens and Quakers, with luch

other

1797*] Anno regni tricefhno oftavo Georgii IIJ. c. 27.  595

other particulars as his Majesty (hall think fit to require; and alfo to procure returns of . the numbers of the males and females, refiding within the feveral counties, ridings, ftewartries, cities, and places aforesaid, who by reafcn of infancy, age, or infirmity, or for other caufe, may probably be incapable of removing them-, (elves in cafe of danger; and alfo for procuring returns of all and of boats, boats, barges, waggons, carts, horfes, and other cattle and (beep, and of all hay, draw, corn, meal, flour, and other provifions, and J of all mills and ovens, and all other matters and things which may be ufeful to an enemy, or applicable to the publick fervice, within the faid counties, ridings, ftewartries, cities, and places refpedfiveiy; and which of such boats, barges, waggons, carts, a.nr* which °f and horfes, the owners thereof are willing to furnifh, in cafe ofo^ners^are emergency, for the publick fervice, either gratuitoufly or for hire, willing tofu-rand with what number of boatmen, bargemen, drivers, and other nifh for the neceflary attendance, and upon what terms and conditions, and publick ftr-of all such other particulars as his Majesty (hall require, for the vlce* c* purpose of enabling his Majesty, and the perfons aSing under his Majesty’s authority, t6 give such orders as may be neceflary for the removal, in cafe of danger, of such perfons as (hall be incapable of removing themfslves, and for the removal of all boats, barges, waggons, carts, horfes, cattle, fheep, hay, ffraw, corn, meal, flour, and other provifions, matters, and things aforesaid, or for the employment thereof in his Majesty’s fervice, or other-wife, as the exigency of the cafe final I require, and generally to give such directions touching such matters refpeCtively, as may be deemed- moft- likely to defeat the views of the enemv5 and inoft advantageous for the.publick. fervice.

II.  And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for his His Majesty Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy, council, to order ™^-r^mrc and require, from time to time, as his Majesty (hall fee occafion, n^tsToVp-the lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants acting as lieutenants as point officers aforesaid, to appoint proper officers to be ready for arraying, to be ready training, exercifing, and commanding such men as (hall be wil- *or tra,rfln& ling to engage themfeives to be armed, trained, and exercifed as £ng]we &c ° aforefaid; and alfo proper perfons to be in like manner ready, in cafe pf need, for fuperintending and directing the execution of the feveral other duties which may be neceflary to be done for the feveral purposes herein-before mentioned ; such officers and other perfons to be appointed in such numbers, and under such regulations and reftrictions as his Majesty (hall think fit to order and direct, such lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants acting as lieutenants as aforesaid, firft fignifying to his Majesty the names and ranks of all officers fo to be appointed, and the purposes for which they are fo to be appointed, and appointing such officers only as his Majesty (hall approve: provided always. That if the IhaU^" faid lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants adfing as lieutenants as not jn aforesaid, (hall not, within the time which may be fpecified in fpecified time, the orders which (hall be given for such purpose, fignify to his fignify to his Majesty the names of a fufficiem number of officers, whom his Majesty, (hall approve, for the command of such men as afore- fufHcient

(aid, number of



596

officers, &c. his Majesty may appoint the neceflary mimber.

His Majesty may require the lieutenants and de

to attend them.

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27. [1797,

faid, and appoint such other perfon as fhall be neceflary for the purposes -aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint fo many officers, and other perfons, as {hall be neceflary for such purposes.

III.  And be it further enadled, That it {hall be lawful for his Majesty, by order under his fign manual, to authorife and require the feveral lieutenants and deputy lieutenants aforesaid, to

putics to hold h°ld such general and fub-divifion meetings, within their refpec-meetings, and tive counties, ridings, ftewartries, cities, and places, as his Ma-the clerksj&c. jefty fhall think fit, and as fhall be neceflary for the execution of this a£t, and to require, for such purposes, the attendance of the clerks of the feveral general meetings and fub-divifion meetings of lieutenancy, within their refpedlive counties, ridings, ftewar-tries, cities, and places, and of all other perfons whose affiftance (hall be neceflary for carrying into execution this add, in such and the fame manner, and with the fame powers and authorities, as by the feveral adds now in force, concerning the militia forces of this kingdom, is provided, with refpedd to such militia forces, fo far as the provifions in such adds refpeedively are applicable to the purposes of this acd.

IV.  And be it further enadded, That the faid lieutenants, and their deputy lieutenants, and the deputy lieutenants adting as lieutenants as aforesaid, and all juftices of the peace, conftables,

like powers as tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers, {hall, for the they have by pUrp0ffis Gf this add, have the like powers and authorities to do* within their refpeddive counties, ridings, ftewartries, cities, and places, refpedtively, all such adls, matters, and things* as fhall be required by his Majesty to be done by them refpedlively in the execution of this acl, as they refpeddively have to do the feveral adts, matters, and things by law required to be done by them refpeeftively, by any add now in force concerning the militia

Lieutenants and deputies, juftices, &c. to have the

the militia laws;

and to obey such orders as they fhall receive.

forces of this kingdom.

The lieutenants or de

V.  And be it further enacled. That all lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, juftices of the peace, conftables, and other officers, and all other perfons, fhall obey such orders as they fhall refpec-tively receive under the authority of this adt, and the feveral provifions herein contained.

VI.  And be it further enadded. That the lieutenants or deputy

putks^Vlffiue ^eutenants l*ie feveral counties, ridings, ftewartries, cities, warrants, as and places aforesaid, within such time as they fhall be required required by by his Majesty fo to do, fhall iflue warrants to the feveral con-his Majesty, ftab]eg5 tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, of every Wes IcV Par^ or place, within the feveral counties, ridings, ftewartries, caufe returns cities, and places aforesaid, to caufe returns to be prepared and to be made to made, touching the feveral purposes aforesaid, or any of them, the fubdivi- as ftjs Majesty (hall diredd, for their refpedfive parifhes and places; on  anc* ^uch conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other of-

ficers, fhall make such returns ieverally and refpeddively to the {aid deputy lieutenants at their refpeeftive fub-divifion meetings, according to the warrants which fhall be iflued for such purposes, and fhall verify the fame, upon oath* before such deputy lieutenants.

VII. And



1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 27.  597

VII,  And be it further enadled, That it {hall be lawful for His Majesty, his Majesty, in cafe of adtual invafion of this kingdom, or if his

Majefty {hall fee fpeci-al caufe to apprehend that such invafion aiifhoHfe the will be actually attempted by the enemy, to authortfe and em- lieutenants power, by order under his fign manual, the faid lieutenants and and deputies deputy lieutenants, or any of them, on any emergency, and on ^emovarof^ the requifition of the officer commanding within the diftri<£l re- bontls w fpeftively, or of such other perfons as his Majesty fhall Ipecially-gons, hories, empower to make such requifition, to give all such orders as &c. fhall be neceflary for the removal of any boats, barges, waggons, eafts, or other carriages, horfes, cattle, fiheep, hay, ftraw, corn, meal, flour, or provilions of any kind, or any other things which may be of advantage to an enemy, or ufeful for the publick fer-vice, and to take the fame, if neceflary, for the publick fervice; and alfo to give such orders as fhall be neceflary for the removal of the inhabitants of any houfe, hamlet, diftridf, or place, or any of them, and efpecially such as by reafon of infancy, age, or infirmity, or other caufe, fhall be incapable of removing themselves in cafe of danger ; and alfo, in cafe of neceffity, to defiroy any and to deftroy boats, barges, Waggons, carts, or other carriages, horfes, cat- any ^^a(j tie, (beep, hay, ftraw, corn, meal, flour, or provifions of any  to

kind, or any thing which may be of advantage to an enemy ; the enemy, and to remove, deftroy, or render ufelefs, any houfe, mill, bridge, or other building, or any matter or thing whatfoever, and generally to do and aeft in the premifes as the publick fervice and the exigencies of particular cafes fhall require.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That any perfons who may PeHons who enrol themfelves in any volunteer corps of infantry or cavalry, yo^nteer"^ fubfequent to the date of this a£t, fhall not be liable to be called corps i'ubfe-out and placed under the command of any general officer com- quent to this manding within the diftrieft in which such corps may be formed, a<H not liable except in cafe of adlual invafion, or of the actual appearance Qu^underthe the enemy on the coaft, or of the danger of invafion being deem- command of ed fo imminent as to make it advifeable fer the lieutenant or de the general of puty lieutenants, or any of them, to give orders for the removal Hie diftridt, of cattle, corn, or any other articles which may be of advantage J:XcePt !n cer*

_ tain cafes.

to the enemy, or ufeful to the publick fervice, in the manner herein-before mentioned.

IX,  And be it further enaefted, That if the commanding offi- If the com-

ccr of any corps or company of volunteers, who {hall be appoint- manding offi. ed under the authority of this a£t, or who has been or {hall be appointed under the authority of an a61 of the thirty-fourth year funders fhall of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An at I for encouraging and dif- make a talie ciplining such corps or companies of men a* fball voluntarily enrol return, he themfelves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coafts, or for  ^ol telt

the general defence of the kingdom, during the prefent war, fhall ~

make any falfe return of such corps or company, with intent to defraud his Majesty, every such officer fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

X.  And be it further ena£ted, 1 hat it ill all be lawful for his His Majesty ijefty to authorife any general officer or officers, or other per- ^e^o^t^rire

f°n treat for the



thereof, during such time as the exigence of the fervice fhall require; and in cafe the owner or owners of any such ground, or

598 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 27. [1797.

ufe of ground fon or perfons commiffioned for such purpose, to furvey and mark

fortbepublick out any piece- of ground v/anted for the publick fervice, and to lervice who  #  o  1  *

may, in cafes treat anc^ agree with the owner or owners thereof, or any perfon

of refufal or or perfons having any intereft therein, for the poffeffion or ufe inability of the party to

tw^jiThice^0 any perfon or perfons having any intereft therein, (hall refufe or or deputy decline to enter into such contract touching the fame, as fhall be lieutenants to fatisfadfory to such officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons tU’s^officers^commiffioned as aforesaid, or fhall be unable fo to do by reafon intopoillffion, °,? infamy, coverture, or other difability, it (hall be lawful for which they the perfon or perfons fo authorifed by his Majesty to require two ihall do, and or more juftices of the peace, or deputy lieutenants for the county, rift^to  riding, ftewartry, city, or place, where such piece of ground fhall

mon a jury to be:> to Put h,s Majesty’s officers into immediate poileffion of such aleertain the piece of ground, which such juftices or. deputy lieutenants fhall compensation accordingly do, and fhall for that purpose iftue their warrant, to be made. uncJer their hands and feals, commanding poffeflion to be fo delivered, and {hall alfo iflue their warrants to the fheriff of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, wherein such piece of ground fhall be fituate, to fummon a jury to appear, and be on a day and at a place in such warrant to be mentioned, to enquire of and afeertain the compenfation which ought to be made for the poffeflion or ufe of such piece of ground, during the time for winch the fame fhall be required for the publick Service, to the feveral perfons interefted therein, and to whom the fame ought to be paid, the verdidt of which jury fhall be certified by such juftices or deputy lieutenants to the receiver general of the land tax of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, where such lands fhall lie; \yjiich receiver general (ball, out of any money in his hands, pay such compenfation to such perfon or perfons, No ground to jn  manner>  and  for  fUch  purposes,  as  by  such  verdid: fhall

be direded : provided always, That no such piece of ground fhall be fo taken for the publick fervice, without the confent of the owner or owners thereof, unlefs the neceffity for the fame fhall be firft certified by the lord lieutenant, or two of the deputy -

____________ lieutenants of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, in

tenant, See. or which such land (hall lie, or unlefs the enemy fhall have actually in cafe of ac- invaded the kingdom at the time when such piece of ground fhall' be fo taken.  a

XI.  And be it further enaded, That when it fhall have been found neceffary to take, for the publick fervice, remove, or de-ftroy, any waggons, carts, or other carriages, horfes, cattle, fheep, hay, ftraw, corn, meal, flour, or other provifions, or any other articles whatfoever, or to deftroy or injure any houfe, mill, bridge, or other building, or any matter or thing of value, under the. diredions aforesaid, the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury fhall appoint perfons to enquire into and afeertain the value of such articles, and the compenfation which ought to be made for the fame, by way of purchafe or hire, orrecompence for damage, or otherwife, according to the nature of the cafe; and if the

owner

Verdidt of jury to be certified to the receiver general of the land tax, who Ihall pay the compensation.

betaken without the owner’s confent, unlefs the neceflity be certified by the lord lieu

tual invafion

Treafury to appoint perfons to afeertain the value of articles taken or injured for the publick fervice, and to pay a compenfation for them.

599

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii TIL c. 27. owner or owners, or perfon or perfons interested, Shall be willing to accept the compensation * which fhall be So ascertained, the fame fhall be paid by the Sard commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or Such perfon or perSons as Shall be appointed by them for that purpose, in purSuance of a certificate under the hands of the perfons So employed to aSeertain the Same; and if the owner or owners, or perfon or perfons interefted, fhall not be willing to accept Such compensation, it fhall be lawful for his Majesty to order two juftices of the peace of ihe county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, to Settle 3nd afcertain the compensation which' ought to be made to Such owner or owners, or perfons interested; which juftices Shall Settle and afcertain the Same accordingly, and fhall grant a certificate thereof to the commissioners of his MajeSly's treafury, who Shall order the Same to be paid to the perfon or perfons entitled thereto, out of any money granted, for the Supply of the year.

XII.  And be it further enacted, That the warden of the Stannaries, and all other officers of the ftannaries, fhall, refpe&ively, in obedience to his Majesty’s orders, to be iilued for that pur-pofe, procure like returns to be made, and all other matters to be done touching the tinners of the counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the cuftoms of the Stannaries and privileges of the working tinners, as are hereby required to be done by the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants aforesaid, touching other perfons refiding in the Said counties of Devon and Cornwall, not entitled to the benefit of Such privileges ; and Such warden and other officers of the Stannaries fhall have Such and the like powers and authorities to do and execute all and every the matters and things,- which Shall be So required to be done as aforesaid, as the faid lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of the feveral counties, ridings, Stewartries, ciries, and places aforesaid, have for doing the feveral matters and things hereby required to be done by them refpe£tively.

XIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That his Majesty’s com mi ft fioners of lieutenancy for the city of London, the lord mayor of the Said city, and the aldermen, deputies, and common council-men of the feveral wards of the faid city and liberties thereof, and the conStables, beadles, and other ward officers of the fame, the conSSable of the tower of London* lieutenants of the tower hamlets, and the deputy lieutenants of the faid hamlets, and their feveral officers, the juftices of the peace for the tower liberties, the conStables and other peace officers within the fame, the warden of the cinque ports two ancient towns and their members, his lieutenant or lieutenants, and his or their officers, and the mayors, jurats, juftices of the peace, conStables, and other peace officers for the .liberties of the cinque ports two ancient towns and their members, and all other juftices of the peace, conStables, and other peace officers, within their refpedive diftrids, and all other perfons having authority within the fame, (hall put in ^execution all and every the powers and provisions contained in tins ad, in like manner as they are refpedively authorifed to put in

execution

If the owners be not willing to accept the compenfa-tion, two juftices may-fettle it, Sec.

The officers of the ftannaries to procure returns, and other matters to be done touching the tinners in Devon and Cornwall.

The lieutenancy, lord mayor, &c. qf London, the ecu liable of the tower, See. the warden of the cinque ports, Sec. to have the like power in execution of this a<5t, as they have refpeding the militia.

6oo

Anno res.ni tricefimooctavo Georgii III.

Form of ccn-vie!ion in fchednle, may be ufed with the need!ary variations.

-commiliions not to vacate feats in parliament.

Clerks of the

to receive compenfation

C.27. [1797,

execution the feveral laws refpebling the militia forces of this kingdom, or any of them, within their refpeblive diflribls.

XIV.  And be it further enabled, That the form of conviblion by one of his Majefly’s junices of the peace, in purfuance of this act, fet forth and expreffed in the fchednle hereto annexed, may be ufed, with such additions and variations only as may be ne-ceflary to adapt the fame to the particular exigencies of the cafe; and that no objection (ball be made, or advantage taken, for want of form, in any such conviblion by gny perfon or perfons

Acceptanceof whatfoever.

XV.  And be it further enabled, That the acceptance of any commiffion, under the authority of this abl, fhall not vacate the feat of any member returned to ferve in parliament.

XVI.  And be it further enabled, That the refpeblive clerks meetings,^nd l^e genera^ and fub-divifion meetings of lieutenancy, confta-other officers, bles, and other officers required to execute this abl, and who

(hall refpebtively execute the fame to the fatisfablion of the deputy lieutenants aflembled at their refpeblive fub-divifion meetings, lhall have and receive such compenfation for their care* trouble, and expences, in and about the executing of this abl, as the faid deputy lieutenants fhall judge them refpeblively to have deferved for the fame; and the faid deputy lieutenants fhall di-rebt such compenfation to be paid by the receiver general of the county, riding, or place in England, or receiver general of Scotland^ as the cafe fhall require, out of any money in his hands, and such receiver general fhall pay the fame accordingly, in cafe such order as fhall be made by such deputy lieutenants at such fub-divifion meetings fhall be confirmed at a general meeting, but not otherwife.

XVII.  And be it further enabled, That in cafe any confla-ble, headborough, tythingman, or other inferior officer, or other perfon, fhall difobey any orders which fhall be ifTued in purfuance of this abl, or fhall obflrubt or hinder the execution thereof, every such perfon, upon conviblion of such offence before any., juflice of the peace of the county, riding, flewartry, city, or place, where the offence fhall be committed, fhall forfeit and, pay a fum not lefs than five pounds, and not exceeding one hundred pounds, at the diferetion of fuel) juftice, to be levied by diftrefs and fale in the manner herein-before direbled with refpebt to the penalty herein-before impofed ; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, then such juftice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence fhall be committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the monies arifing by such penalty fhall be paid to the treafurer of the county, riding, flewartry, city, or place, where the offence fhall be committed, to be applied as part of the flock of such county, riding, flewartry, city, or place.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled. That no order or conviction made in purfuance of this abl, by any lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or juftice of the peace, fhall be removed, by certiorari, advocation, or fufpenfion, out of the county, riding, or place,

wherein

Penalty for difobeying orders, or ob-itrubring the execution of this adh

No order or conviblion to be removed out of the county, or

1797*] Anno regn'1 tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 27.  601

wherein such order or conviblion (hall be made, into any court proceedings whatever; and that no writ of certiorari, advocation, or fufpen- ^Aj^rfeded (ion, (hall fuperfede execution or other proceedings upon any such order br conviblion, but that execution and other proceedings (hall be had thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithftanding.

XIX.  And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for His Majesty his Majesty to authorife any three deputy lieutenants of any

county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, in the abfence from ^tenantsto such county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, of the lieutenant, ad in the thereof, to do all abls, matters, and things, in the execution of abfence of the this abl, which might lawfully be done by such lieutenant, and lieutenant, the fame fhall be good and valid in the law, as if done by such lieutenants.

XX.  And be it further enabled. That all penalties by this ad Recovery of impofed, for recovery whereof no other means are hereby pro- Penaltles* vided, (hall be recovered by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjier,

or the courts of great (eftion in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chefler, Lancajler, or Durham, or in the court of feffion, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, as the cafe fhall require, wherein no effoin, privilege, proteblion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed.

XXI.  And be it further enabled, That if any ablion (hall be Limitation of brought againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in pur- abtion3. fuance of this adt, such ablion (hall be commenced within three

months next after the fabl committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint {hall arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such ablion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this General ifiue* abl and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants in such ablion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their ablion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and Treble cods* have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in other cafes to recover cofts.

XXII.  And be it further enabled. That this abt fhall have Continuance

continuance during the prefent war with France.  of abl.

XXIII.  Provided always, That this abl, or any of the pro- Ad may be

vifions herein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by  re*

any abl or abls to be paffed in this prefent feffion of parliament.  1S

The SCHEDULE to which this ad refers.

FORM of conviblion for difobedience of orders, or obftrublion or hindrance of the execution of such orders.

M,------\ T) E it remembered, That on this  day  of

to wit. j -13  in the  year of his prefent

Majefty’s reign, A<B. of  is duly convicted

before

'  

6o2.

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii 1IL c. 28. [1797*

before me  one  of  his  MajeffyPs  juftices  of  the

peace for the county of  in  puriuance  of  an

ad of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majehy’s reign, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aftf\ for that the faid A.Bt on  at  did

contrary to the faid ad: wherefore I the faid do adjudge, that he the laid A. B. do pay the fum of  as  a  penalty  for  his  offence,  in  purfu-

ance of the powers veiled in me by the faid ad. Given under my hand and leal this day of in the year of our Lord

CAP. XXVIII.

An net to prevent, during the war, perfons refiding or being in Great Britain, from advancing money or effefts for the pur chafe or on the credit of debts owing to the government of the United Provinces, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any perfons within the faid provinces, without licence for that purpose; and for extending the provifions of an aff, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, more effectually to prevent, during the prefent war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correfpondence with, or aid or affiftance being given to his Majesty’s enemies, to the faid United Provinces, and to the perfons exercifeng the powers of government therein, and aljo to the perfons, territories, and places, under their . government.—[April 5, 1798.]

Preamble. \\ 7 HERE AS it is expedient to prevent perfons, ref ding or being VV in Great Britain, from advancing money or effects for the pur chafe or on the credit of debts owing to the government of the United Provinces, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any perfons within the faid provinces, during the prefent war, without licence firjl obtained for that purpose: be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-If any per- ^ liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any Creator it ain1 Per^on ^eliding or being in Great Britain during the faid war, (hall make or knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elfewhere, (hall procure to be make, or agree to make, or caufe or procure to be made, any advance of money wbatfoever, or of goods, merchandize, or ef-feds, or other .valuable thing whatfoever, to any government, any debt due or body politick or corporate, or any perfons or perfon whom-to the ft ate s foever; or fhall accept, pay, indorfe, or negotiate, or agree to general of the accept, pay, indorfe, or negotiate, or caufe or procure to be vince? 6cc~ accePtec^ paid, indorfed, or negotiated, or fhall guarantee or he (ha 11 forfeit agree to t>e fecurity for the payment of any bill of exchange, or i,oool. and other bill, note, or fecurity, for money, for or in confideration of any purchafe or transfer of any debt or debts, or of any fhare or intereft in any debt or debts due or owing to the Hates general of the faid United Provinces, or to the Hates of any df the faid provinces, or to the government of the faid provinces, or of any

of

made, any advance for purchafe of

treble the value of the advance.

 *

1797*3 Anno regni tricefimo o$avo Georgii III. c. 28.  603

of them, or of any part or parts thereof, or of any territories or places now dependent thereon, or under the government of the ffates general of the faid United Provinces, or of the hates of any of the faid provinces, or of any parts or part thereof, or due or owing to any perfons or perfon refiding or being within any of the faid provinces, territories, or places, or for or in confidera-tion of or upon the feeurity or credit of any such debt or debts; or (hall knowingly and wilfully, in any manner w.batfoever, purchafe or agree to purchafe, or become entitled to or interefted in, for valuable consideration,^or by way of fecurity or indemnity, any such debt or debts, or any parts or part of any such debt or debts ; every perfon fo offending, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one thoiifand pounds, and alfo treble the amount or value of the money, goods, merchandize, effeds, or valuable thing, fo advanced or agreed to be advanced as afore^, faid, or of such bill of exchange, or other bill, note, or fecurity for money, with refped to which any such dealing (hall be had as aforefaid.

II.  And be it further enaded, That all contrads and agree- All^ontra^ ments - whatfoever, touching or concerning any such debt or

debts as aforesaid, or any parts or part of any such debt or debts, be void, or touching any money or other valuable confideration, advanced or to be advanced for or in refped of any such debt or debts, or for or in refped of any goods, merchandize, effeds, or other Valuable thing, fold or agreed to be fold, or for or in refped. of any bills of exchange, or other bills, notes, or fecurities, drawn, accepted, indorfed, negotiated, given, or executed in confideration thereof, or by way of fecurity, indemnity, or otherwife, for or concerning the fame, fhall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

III.  And be it further enaded, That if any broker or other Any perfon perfon, refiding or being in Great Britain, fhall knowingly and negotiating • wilfully, in Great Britain, or elfewhere, negotiate or tranfad, to forfeit for commiffion or otherwife, any dealing prohibited by this ad,

every perfon fo offending fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to any perfon who will fue for the fame.

IV.  And be it further enaded, That all and every the penal- Recovery of ties and forfeitures aforesaid, fhall and may be recovered, in that Pendties. part of Great Britain called England, by adion of debt, bill,

plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or by information or bill in equity; and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; by adion or fummary bill on information in the. courts of feffion or exchequer in Scotland; and to any such information or bill in equity, the_party or parties againft whom the fame fhall be exhibited, fhall be obliged and compelled to anfwer upon oath for difeovery of the dealings and tranfadions by means whereof such penalties and forfeitures fhall have been incurred $ and it fhall be lawful for the court wherein such information or bill fhall be exhibited, to proceed and decree thereupon, and enfore such decree in the fame manner as is ufed in other caufes in the faid courts,

VOL. XU.  S  3  V. PrO-

6o 4

Ac\ not to extend to any thing done by licence from his JMajefty.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 28.

Cr 797-

V.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this act contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any act which (hail be done by any perlon, or in any place by virtue of or in obedience to any licence or authority from his Majesty, either under his fign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation, or by virtue of or in obedience to any licence or authority from any perfons or perfon to be authorifed by his Majesty, under his fign manual, or otherwife as his Majesty fhall think fit, to give such licence or authority; or to any aft done in his Majesty’s fervice by any perfon or perfons who fhall be employed therein,

VI.  And ivkereas it is expedient to extend to the faid United Provinces, and the perfons exerciftng the powers of government therein^ and to the perfons, territories, and places under their government, the provifions contained in an g£1, pnffed in the thirty-third year of his Mef'Jlys reign, intituled, An aft more effectually to prevent, during the prefent war between Great Britain and France, all traitorous coysefpondence with, or aid or aftiftance being given to his Majesty's enemies ; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the feveral times hereinafter mentioned, and during the faid war, all and every the provifions in the faid aft contained, fhall extend, and fhaH be confirmed, deemed, and

vinces, and all taken to extend, to the faid United Provinces, and all and every nnf'tr the territories and places under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who fhall, during the faid war, exercife the powers of government in the faid United Provinces, and all perfons refining or being, or who fhall, during the faid war, refide or be within the fame, or within any of the territories or places afore-faid, and to the perfons exercifing, or who fhall, during the faid war, exercife the powers of government within the faid provinces, or any of them, or any of the territories or places aforesaid, in such and the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the faid United Provinces, and the territories, places, and perfons aforesaid, and every of them, had been exprefsly mentioned in the faid aft, and all and every the provifions in the faid aft contained had been exprefsly applied thereto refpeftively, and the faid United Provinces, and the territories, places, and perfons aforesaid, had in all parts of the faid aft been mentioned, together with France, and the territories, perfons, and places defcribed in the faid aft; and that all and every the afts thereby prohibited to be done by perfons refiding or being In Great Britain, with refpeft to France, or the perfons exerciling, or who, during the faid war, might exercife the powers of government in France, or perfons refiding or being within any of the dominions of France, or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who might ' exercife* the powers of government in France, (hall be deemed and taken to be, in like manner, and under the like penalties, provifions, and reftriftions, prohibited with refpedt to the faid United Provinces^ and all and every the territories and places under die government of the perfons exercifing, or who fhall during

.the

33 Geo. 3-

e*. zy. t o extend to the United Pro-

places under the perfons exercifing the powers of government therein.

1797*]' Annoregni tricefimo odtavoGEORGii III. c. 29 — 31.  605

the faid war exercife, the powers of government in the faid provinces, and all perfons refiding or being, or who (hall, during the faid war, refide or be within the fame, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the perfons exerciling, or who (hall, during the faid war, exercife the powers of government in the faid provinces, or any of them, or any of the territories or places aforefaid.

VII.  And be it further enadled, That this a6t (hall take place and have commencement from the end of one week after the pa(Ting of this adf, as to all a&s which fhall be done by any per-fon whatfoever in Great Britain, or which (hall be done in any parts out of Great Britain, by any perfon who (hall have been in Great Britain at any time after the paffing of this ad, and during the continuance of this a£t; and fhall take place and have commencement one calendar month after the paffing of this a<51, as to all ads which (hall be done in any part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any perfon who fhall not have been in Great Britain between the paffing of this ad and one calendar month after the paffing of this ad; and fhall take place and have commencement three calendar months after the paffing of this ad, as to all adts which fhall be done in any parts of the world out of Europe, and not beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any perfon who fhall not have been in Great Britain between the paffing of this ad, and the end of three calendar months after the paffing of this ad; and fhall take place and have commencement fix calendar months after the palling of this ad, as to all ads which fhall be done in any part of the world beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any perfon who (hall not have been in Great Britain between the paffing of this ad, and the end of fix calendar months after .the paffing of this ad.

VIII.  And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful to Ad may be

repeal, amend, alter, or vary this ad, or any part thereof, during ^red this this prefent feffion of parliament.  feflion.

CAP. XXIX.

An ad to revive and continue, until the conclution of the prefent war, an ad pafled in the feflion holden in the thirty-flxth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majelty, c. 125- viz. on July 19, 1797, for autho-riflng his Majelly to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat and other articles to the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, and Alderney.—[April 5, 1798.]

CAP. XXX.

An ad to continue, until March 25, .1799, an a& pafled in the feflion of parliament holden in the thirty-flxth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majelly, c. 76. viz. on June 6, 179 ;, for difallowing the bounty on fail cloth or canvas, the manufadure of Great Britain, exported to Ireland.—[April 5, 1798.]

CAP. XXXI.

An ad to revive and continue, until May 1, 1798, an a ft palled in the feflion of parliament holden in the thirty-fixth and thirty-feventh years of his prefent Majelty, c. 102. viz. on July 19, 1797, for granting to his

JMajefty

6o6 Anno regni triedimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 32, 33. [1797.

Majefiy additional duties on diftilleries, in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scotland, therein particularly deferihed, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on diftilleries, in the refpedtive diftri<5ts in Scotland.—[April 5, 1798.]

CAP. XXXII.

An a6t for encreafing the rates of fuMiftence to be paid to innkeepers and . others on quartering foldiers.—[April 5, 1798.]

Preamble.

26 Geo. c. 6.

28 Geo. 3. c. 34.

CAP. XXXIII.

An afl to amend two acts, ?nade in the twenty-fixth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, refpefling the performance of' quarantine \ for punifhing perfons a fling contrary to any order in council, which may be ?nade for laying any embargo on Jhips or veffels, or for prohibiting or regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize \ to prevent the fraudulent importation of glafs into this kingdom ; for permitting the removal of coffee and cocoa coaftwife, for the greater convenience of exportation; to authorife the commiffioners of the cuftoms to return the duties paid on gooas imported, which jhall be loft or defiroyeel before the landing thereof; to prevent veffels licenfed by the admiralty, from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; for permitting wines put on board any of his Majesty* s Jhips, to be removed from one Jhip to another, without being firfi landed and warehoufed \ and for extending the provisions of an afl, made in the thirty-third year;of the reign of his prefent Majesty, to wines delivered into the charge of the colieflor and comptroller of his Majesty? s cuftoms at the port of Falmouth.—[April 5, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an afl, pafjed in the twenty-ftxth year of the, reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled,\ An afle to oblige (flips more effe&uallv to perform their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ides of Guern-fey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; all Jhips and veffels arriving, and all perfons, goods, and merchandizes, whatfoever, coming or imported into any port or place within Great Britain or Ireland, or the ijles 0/Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from any place, from whence his Majesty, his heirs or fuccejfors, by and with the advice of bis or their privy council, Jhall judge it probable the infeflion may be brought, are required to make their quarantine in Ju-ch manner as dire fled by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccejfors, by his or their orders, made in his or their privy council, and notified by proclamation, or puhlifhed in the London Gazette, and under divers rules, regulations, reftriflions, provifions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, in the faid afl contained: and wheteas by an afl, pafjed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An a 61 more effe6lually to fecure the performance of quarantine; and for amending feveral laws relating to the revenue of cuftoms; further provifions were made for performance of quarantine: and whereas it is necefjary to make further provifionsP effcflually to fecure the due performance of

quaran-

1797*] Aimo regni tricefimo o6lavo Georg u III. c. 33.  607

quarantine; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,in this prefent parliament aflembled,

~ j      y  * — 7 *   /   1--7

or other perfon, having the charge of any fhip or veflel liable to com9mander the performance of quarantine, fhall, and is hereby required, from 0f a vcflel, and after the firft day of January one thousand seven hundred liable to qua-

of the coaft of Great Britain or Ireland, or the illes of Guernfey, meet another Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to hoift a fignal, as by the faid veflel, or be recited act is required, to denote that his veflel is liable to the within/°j^e performance of quarantine; which fignal fhall be, in the day- of Great time, a large yellow flag of fix breadths of bunting, at the main- Britain, &c top-mafl: head; and in' the night-time, a large fignal lantern, on penalty of such as is commonly ufed on board his Majesty’s (hips of war, 2°°b with a light at the fame maft-head; and such commander, matter, or other perfon, fhall keep the fignal hoifted, during such time as the fhip or veflel fhall continue within fight of such other fhip or veflel, or within four leagues of the faid coafts or iflands, and until file fhall be legally difeharged from the performance of quarantine; on failure whereof, such commander, mafler, or other perfon, having charge of such fhip or veflel, fo liable to the performance of quarantine, fhall forfeit for every offence the fum of two hundred pounds. -

II.  And whereas, notwithjianding certain places are by law fpedaily appointed for the reception of Jhips and vefjels liable to the performance of quarantine, it frequently happem that pilots conduit Jhips and vefjels fo liable to the performance of quarantine, into places which are not -fpecially appointed for the reception, of such Jhips or vcjfcls; be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the firft day of July one From July i, thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in cafe any pilot fhall I79j’ P?!ots bring or condubf, or caufe to be brought and conducted, any fhip vefpejR iiabie or veflel liable to the performance of quarantine, into any place to quarantine, which is not, or which fhall not be fpecially appointed for the into places reception of fhips and vefiels fo liable to the performance of qua- not fpechjlly rantine, unlefs compelled by ft re fs of weather, adverfe winds, or forfeit iool ° accidents of the Teas, such pilot (hall, for each and every fuch

offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

III.  And be it further enabled, That every*ofFence committed ^Tere offen-

contrary to or in breach or violarion of the faid recited adfs, or  C

of this abl, or any order or orders of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, now or hereafter to be made, in his or their privy

council, touching or refpedling quarantine, and notified by proclamation, or publifhed in the London Gazette, fhall and may be tried, heard, and determined, in any county within Great Britain, or in the proper courts of the ifles of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, refpeblively.

IV. And ■whereas contagious aifeafes or dijlempers have raged, and may rage in foreign parts, which may not be deemed the plague, and not within the provisions contained in the faid alls, although the com-

s s 3

mumcation



All a&s regarding quarantine to extend to all difeafes declared infectious by pro-

in the Gazette.

608 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 33. [1797.

tnunication of such difeafes or diflempers may he highly injurious to this kingdom; and it is therefore expedient that the faid recited afts, and any other aft or afts of parliament, in any way regarding the performance cf quarantine, Jhould be extended, and declared to extend, to such contagious difeafes or diflempers\ be it therefore enafted, That the faid recited afts, and all and every other afts or aft of parliament now in force, in any way regarding the performance of quarantine, fhall be extended, and the fame are hereby declared to extend, to all such difeafes or diftempers, as his Majefly, by clamation,1 or an^ the advice of his privy council, fhall judge to be probypublication bably infectious, and fhall fo declare by order in council notified ^ by proclamation, or publifhed in the London Gazette; and all the rules, regulations, reftriftions, provifions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, contained in the faid recited afts, and in all arid every other afts and aft of parliament now in force regarding the performance of quarantine, fhall be extended and applied, and are hereby declared to extend and qpply, to such difeafes and diflempers refpeftively, in the fame manner as if each and every the powers, directions, authorities, cdaufes, matters, and things, in such aCts refpeCtively contained, relating to the diforder called P'he Plague were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this prefent a£l, and applied to such other difeafes and diflempers as aforefaid refpeCtively.

V.  And whereas by the faid recited aft of the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majejly s reign, it is provided that every offence contrary to or in breach or violation of the faid recited afts of the twenty-fixth year of his late Majejly s reign, and the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majejly>s reign, or any order or orders oj his Majejly, his heirs or fuccejfors, to be made in his or their privy council touching or refpefting quarantine, and notified by proclamation^ or pub lifted in the London Gazette, Jhall and may be tried, heard, and determined in any county within Great Britain, or in the proper courts of the fits of Guernfey, Jerley, Alderney, Sark, or Man, refpeftively: and whereas it is expedient that the like provifion Jhould be extended to all offences againfl any order of his Majejly in council, which his Majejly is by law empowered to make, for laying any embargo on any flips or veffels, or prohibiting the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize,, or regulating the fame; be it enaCled, That every offence committed contrary to any order or orders of his Majefly in council laying council, which his Majefly is by law empowered to make, for an embargo laying any embargo on any (hips or veffels, or prohibiting or on TfelS' °r regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandizes, reguLtirip-^the orc^er or orders being notified by proclamation or publifhed exportation of in the London Gazette, fhall and may be tried, heard, and deter-goods, may be mined, in any courts within Great Britain, or in the proper

court*in Great courts  t^ie *^es  Guernfey,  Jerjiey,  Alderney, Sark, or Man,

Britain or in refpeftivcly, notwithflanding such offences may have been com-GiJcrnfeyf&-c. rnitted at fea, not within the body of any county, or within the faid ifles refpeftivelv; and any perfons or perfon who fhall be ft) tried and convifted of any such offence, fhall and may be punched for the fame, by fine and imprifonment, at the diferetion of the

court

Offences again ft any order in



1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgn III. c. 3-3.  609

court in which such perfons or perfon (hall be fo tried and con-vidled, and the notification of any such order by such proclamation or by such publication in the London Gazette, (hall be deemed fufficient notice of such order to all perfons bound to obey the fame; and upon any trial for any such offence, the produ&ion of tfie London Gazette, containing any such proclamation or order, fhall be fufficient evidence of luch proclamation or order.

VI.  And whereas the fraudulent importation of glafs into this kingdom has of late very much increafed, to the injury of the revenue

and of the fair trader, be it therefore enacted, That every package Packages containing any plate or plates of glafs unframed, being plate containing glafs, crown glafs, or glafs called Sheet Glafs, which fhall be im- g”afs\™fport. ported into this kingdom, or which fhall be brought into this c-d, to be kingdom for the purpose of exportation, fhall be marked or marked ftamped on the outfide thereof, in roman letters not lefs than four inches in length, with the word “ Glafs and in cafe any such glafs fhall be fo imported or brought for exportation, without having the outfide package thereof marked or (lamped as aforesaid, such glafs, together with the package, and all goods, wares, or merchandize, contained therein, fhall be forfeited.

VII.  And be it further enabled. That the mafter or other per- Mailers of fon having or taking the charge or command of every (hip or vdfels to re-veflel in which any such glafs thall be imported into this king-

dom, or brought for the purpose of exportation, fhall, in the whicMbch report of his (hip’s cargo, exprefs every package or packages in glafs ihall be which such glafs fhall be contained, as containing glafs; and in imported, on cafe any package (hall be found on board such (hip or veflel con-  lts

taining such glafs, the contents of which fhall not have been re- ancj iooi/ ported as glafs, such package, together with the glafs, fhall be forfeited, and the mafler or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of such fhip or veflel, fhall forfeit one hun-

dred pounds.

VIII. And be it further e.na&ed, That no such glafs fhall be imported into this kingdom, or brought into the fame for the purpose of exportation, in any package whatever, which fhall not contain five hundred weight nett at leaf!: of such glafs, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof: provided always, That this a£t fhall not extend to forfeit any plate or plates of glafs being of the length of fixty inches or upwards, on account of the fame not being imported, or brought in packages marked and deferibed as aforefaid.

Such glafs imported in packages not containing 5 cvvt, forfeited, but not to extend to plates 60 inches long.

IX. And be it further enafted, That this a61, fo far as the Commence-fame relates to the importation of glafs, {hall commence and take m^nt of a<5t effect at the expiration of fix calendar months after the pafiing thereof.

X.  And whereas it. is expedient to permit coffee and cocoa ware-houfed, on importation in one port of England, to be removed to Jome other port thereof for the greater convenience of exportation, be it enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the commhfioners Comnpffion-of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, (provided  ma

they fee no reafonable objection thereto), to grant per million for permiTwTre^

S  s 4  the  houfed  coffee

Commiffion-ei s ot the cuftoms may return duties on goods loft or deftroyed before land-

610 Anno regni tricefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 33. [1797.

and cocoa to the removal of such coffee and cocoa from the port of importation iVomTl^ ort aS a^ore^a^5 t0 anY other port in England, for the purpose of ex-of importa.°  porting the fame accordingly, under such rules, regulations, and

tion, in order reftridfions, as the faid corn mi (lionets, or any four or more of to the fame them, fhall think fit and proper to require, for the fecurity of the being export- revenue.

XI.  And whereas it is expedient that provifion /hould he made for the repayment, under certain circumjlances, of the. duties of cuftoms which have been or may be paid on goods imported into this kingdom, and which have been or may be loft or deftroyed before the landing thereof; be it further enabled, That, from and after the palling of this aeft, in all cafes where goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be loft or deftroyed by unavoidable accident, after the duties of cuftoms have been or may be paid for the fame, and previous to the landing thereof, it fhall and may be lawful for the commif-fioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in that ft1 was by England, for the time being, or the commiliioners of his Majesty’s unavoidable cuftoms, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the time accident. being, and thev are hereby required to return, in such manner as they (hall refpedliveiy judge expedient, the amount of the faid duties which fhall have been paid before the pafting of this acl, or may be paid at any time fubfequent thereunto, ro the importers or proprietors of such goods; provided proof fhall be made, to the fatisfadlion of the faid commiliioners refpedfively, that such goods, wares, or merchandize, were loft or deftroyed by unavoidable accident, and not from any want of due care or precaution on the part of the proprietor, or his or her agent, after the fame were imported into and before the fame were landed in Great Britain; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not-Geo withftanding. c.732, recited XII. And ivhereas by an aft, pojfed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, for making further provifions in. regard to such vefjels as are particularly deferibed in an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, for the more effectual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom, and for ex-tending the faid aft to other veffels and boats not particularly deferibed therein, it is amongjl other things enafted, That in cafe any of the vefjels therein deferibed fhall be found beyond the limits preferibed in the licences granted by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commiffioners of the admiralty, for the time being, such veffels fhall and 7nay be Jeized and profecuted in the like manner as the fame might be or would have been in cafe of no licence having been procured: and whireas the faid aft does not extend to cafes where a veffel or beat is found ivitbin the limits of her licence, although engaged for or ufed, in a trade or employment not permitted or janftioned by such licence, be it enabled, That, from and after the firft day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in cafe any cutter, lugger, fhal-lop, wherry, Hoop, fmack, or yawl, or any (hip, vcfieJ, or bo3t, for which there (hall have been obtained from the lord high Obtained from ac^m,ra^ Qmt Britain, or the commiftioners of the admiralty, the admiralty, f°r the time being, a licence, limiting or Confining the navigation

of

From July 1 1798, any cutter, &c. for which licence fhall have been

1797*1 Anno regni trice-fimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 33.  61  x

of such cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, Hoop, fmack, or yaw), or ufcd in any any (hip, veflel, or boat, to any particular trade or employment, °^-her ^rac5^ and such cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, (loop, fmack, or yaw), {^enf-or any (hip, veflel, or boat, (hall be engaged for or ufcd in any ed, may be other trade or employment whatever within the date of the l'eized. licence, such cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, (loop, fm&ck, or yawl, or any. (hip, veflel, or boat, (lvall and maybe feized and profecuted in the fame manner as (he might or would have been in cafe of no licence having been procured for her.

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That all and every cutter, Cutters, See. lugger, fhallop, wherry, floop, fmack, or yawl, and ail and every

(hip, veffel, or boat, which (hall be feized by virtue or in pur- Gf, as dire<fted fuance of the faid recited a6t or of this a<ft, ihall be difpofed of, byjthe lafc and the produce thereof applied, in such and the like manner, and recited adt. under such and the like rules, regulations, and reftriclions, as veffels and boats forfeited by the faid herein-before recited are directed to be difpofed of, and the produce thereof applied.

XIV.  And whereas it is expedient that wines which have been put on board any of his Majefly’s [hips for the ufe of any admirals, cap-tains, or commijjion officers, under the authority of an aft pa fied in the thirty-third year of his Ma'jeflfs reign, Jhouid be allowed to be removed from one fhip to another without such wines being firfi landed end warehoifed; be it therefore further enadted by the authority r aforesaid, That in all cafes where any admiral, captain, or other The Tea ftodc commifTioned officer, (hall be defirous of removing his fea ®°ck offirerTof the of liquors from one (hip to another, the proper officers of the naVy, may be cuftoms fhall, with the approbation of the commiffioners of the removed from cuftoms, or any four or more of them, permit the fame to be one ffiip to tranfhipped accordingly, without payment of any duty whatever,

under the like rules, regulations, and reftridtions, as are provided c for the tranffiipping of liquors by the faid recited adf.

XV.  And ivbereas it is expedient that the drawback allowed by the faid recited all floould be extended to wines which may be delivered into the charge of the collector and comptroller of his MajeJWs cuftoms

at Falmouth, in the fame manner as at any of the ports particularly Drawback' on mentioned in the faid a£l; be'it therefore enadled, That every whies in ports claufe, matter, and thing, in the faid recited adl contained, relating enumerated to the allowance of the drawback on wines in any of the ports to°ex-* therein enumerated, fhall be and the fame is hereby extended to tend to wines wines delivered into the charge of the colledior and comptroller delivered into of his Majesty’s-cuftoms at the port of Falmouth, in the fame ^ chargeof manner and under the fame rules, regulations, reftridlicns, penal- and^rnp*0** ties, and forfeitures, as if the faid port of Falmouth had been troller of the enumerated in the faid recited a£L  cuftoms at

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Falmouth. That all forfeitures created and incurred by this act (hall and Recovery and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of, in such

manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any forfeitures incurred for any offence againft the laws of the cuftoms may now legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of, and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions

under

 CjOO^Ic

6x2 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 34—36. [1797*

under this aft, {hall be entitled to and receive such {hare of the produce arifing from the feizures as they are now by law entitled to upon profecutions of feizures for unlawful importation.

CAP. XXXIV.

An a d for making compenfation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments purchafed in purfuance of an ad, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majtfty, for better fecuring his Majesty’s batteries, and other works, in the counties of Kent and Devon ; and to certain owners and occupiers of lands who have fuftained any lofs or damage in confequence of the faid ad.~[ April 5, 1798 ]

CAP. XXXV.

An ad to continue feveral laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britifh and Irifti linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until June 24, 1799 ; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britifh fugar colonies or plantations in the Weft Indies, until June 24* 1802; to the allowing the importation of rape feed, and other feeds ufed for extrading oil, whenever the prices of middling Britifh rape feed fhall be above a certain limit, until June I799 i to the further fupport and encouragement of the fifheries carried on in the Greenland leas and Davis’s itreights, until Dec. 25, *799 » to the more effedual encouragement of the manufadures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until June 24, 1799; to the afeertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke's hydrometer, until June 1, 1801; and fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty,rior better fecuring the duties on glafs, as was to continue for a limited time, until July 5, 1799.— [April 5, 1798.]

Ad 29 Geo. 2. c. 15. continued until June 24, 1799. S° much of ad 37 Geo. 3. c. 43. as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay to the Weft Indies continued until June 245 1802. Ad 35 Geo. 3. c. 1x7. continued until June 24, 1799- Ad 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. and fo much of ad 39 Geo. 3. c. 53. a6 relates to the fifheries carried on in the Greenland feas and Davis’s ftreights, continued until Dec. 25, 1799- Ad 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. continued until June 24, 1799- So much of ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as direds the afeertaining the ftrength of fpirits by Clarke’s hydrometer, continued until June 1, 1801. So much of ad 35 Geo. 3. c. 114. as was to have continuance until July 5, 1797, further continued until July 5, 1799*

CAP. XXXVI.

Jn att to empower his Majejiy to fecure and detain fueh perfons as his Majefly fhall fufpefi are confpiring againft his perfon and go* vernment.—[April 21, 1798.]

Preamble. TT 7 HERE AS his Majejiy9 s enemies are making preparations VV ivith confulerable and increafmg activity for the invafton of his Majejiy's dominions: and whereas thefe defgns are encouraged hy the traitorous practices of wicked and difajfe.fied perfons within this realm : therefore, for the better prefervation of his Majeftfs facred perfon, and for fecuring the peace and the laws and liberties of this kingdom \ be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the auihority of the fame3 That every perfon or perfops that

are

1797-] Anno regni trieefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 36.  613

are or (hall be in prifon within the kingdom of Great Britain at Perfons im-

or upon the day on which this aft fhall receive his Majesty’s Pr^)ned for

royal affent, or after, by warrant of his faid Majesty’s moll: ho- ^ maybe*

nourable privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council, detained till

for high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or freafonable prac- Feb. i, 1799>

tices, or by warrant, figned by any of his Majesty’s fecretaries ,

of ftate, for such caufes as aforesaid, may be detained in fafe

cuftody, without bail or mainprize, until the firft day of Febru-

ary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that no

judge orjuftice of the peace {hall bail or try any such perfon or

perfons fo committed, without order from his faid Majesty’s

privy council, (igned by fix of the faid privy council, till the

faid fir ft day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That the aft made in Scotland in the year of our Lord one thou- A(ft in Scot-fand seven hundred and one, (intituled, An a61 for preventing b*ncl °f r7?T* wrongous imprifonment> and a gain [I undue delays in trials J, in wrongous far as the fame may be conftrued to relate to cafes of treafon and ^rifoifment,m fufpicion of treafon, be fufpended until the faid firft day of Fe- fo far as may bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and th3t relate to trea-until the faid day no judge, juftice of peace, or other officer of^nde^til/*1*" the law in Scotland, fhall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any per- 1,-1799, fon or perfons that is, are, or fhall be, in prifon within Scotland, See. for such caufes as aforesaid, without order from his faid Majesty’s privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council.

III.  Provided always. That, from and after the faid firft day From Feb. 1,

of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the commitTe^to faid perfons fo committed (hall have the benefit and advantage of have the be-all laws and ftatutes anyway relating to or providing for the li- nefic of all berty of the fubjefts of this realm; and that this prefent aft jaws provid-fhall continue until the faid firft day of February one thousand b^°of the'"'J seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer.  fubjeft, See.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this pr;v;jeges cf aft (hall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient rights parliamentnot and privileges of parliament, or to the imprifonment or detain- invalidated by ing of any member of either houfe of parliament during the fit-

ting of such parliament, until the matter of which he ftands fuf-pefted be firft communicated to the houfe of which he is a member, and the confent of the faid houfe obtained for his commitment or detaining.

V.  Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon or perfons in pri- Perfons

fon at the time of palling this aft, againft whom any bill or bills againft whom

of indiftment for high treafon have been already found, fhall inftblnients

©  ^  <  p  j  ’  tor inftn tt ea-

and may be tried on the faid indiftment, as it this aft had never f0n are already-

palled.  found, to be

tried thereon.

CAP. XXXVII.

An a6i for raifmg the fum of feventeen millions by way of annuities* —[May 7, 1798.]

Aloft

 LjOOQie

Every contributor of iool. to be entitled to a principal of rool. and 50I. in the 3 per cent, confols; a principal of 50I. in the 3 per cent, reduced ; and an annuity of 4s. nd. for 6r years and 5 months.

614 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TTjE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the VV commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being ddirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have chear-fully granted to your Majesty in this feflion of parliament, have refoived that the fum of feventeen millions be raifed by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every contributor towards raifing the faid fum of feventeen millions {hall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal fum of one hundred pounds, in consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and to an additional principal fum of fifty pounds in like annuities ; and alfo to a further principal fum of fifty pounds in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the faid feveral confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per ceniutn per annum, to commence from the fifth day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the laid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per. centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and fhall alfo be entitled in refpetf of every such one hundred pounds fo contributed, to a further annuity of four {hillings and eleven-pence, to continue for a certain term of fixty-one years and nine months from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and then to ceafe ; and that the faid confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the faid reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum refpedlively, and of four {hillings and eleven-pence in refpetft of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as arorefaid, {ball be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the confolidated fund, and {hall be payable and transferable at the bank of England; and the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, fhall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, (hall be paid half-yearly, on the tenth day of Oftober and the fifth day of April in every year; and the faid annuity of four {hillings and eleven-pence, to continue for a certain term of fixty*one years and nine months from the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and then to ceafe, {hall be paid half-yearly on the tenth day of Oflober and the fifth day of April in every year.

II.  And whereas^ purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions: exprejjed in the faid refolution, feveral perfons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, fubferibed together the 5  *  whole

1797-1 Annoregni triccfimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 37.  615

whole of the /aid fum of fevenieen millions to,he raifed by annuities; and made depofits of ten pounds per centum on the refpeftive fums by them fo fubfcribed to the faid. fum of fevenieen millions to be raifed by annuities, with the cajhiers of the governor and company of the hank of England ; be it therefore enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and forfuch contributors, who have made such de- macje dep0fits pofits with the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company to pay the re-of the bank of England, (which cafhier or cafhiers is and are mainder of hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contribu-tions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf), to m'ents# advance and pay unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the feveral remainders of the fums by them refpedtively fubfcribed towards the faid fum of feventeen millions, at or before the refpe&ive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay), The further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-third day of May one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-eight; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fecond day of June then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per cen-tumy on or before the twentieth day of July then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-third day of Augujl then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-firft day of September then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-third day. of October then next following; and the remaining fum of ten pounds per cen-turn, on or before the twenty-third day of November then next following.

III.  And be it further enabled, That every exchequer bill Exchequer or bills made out by virtue of an a£l, palled in the la ft feffion

of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing the fum of eighteen Geo. 3. millions by way of annuities, not exceeding in the whole the fum c. 10. and of four hundred and ninety one thousand five hundred pounds; c- 144. notex-or by virtue of another a<4, pafied in the laft fefiion of parlia- tain^amount1"” ment, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefly a certain fum t0 received of money out of the confolidated fund, and for applying certain mo- as cafh. hies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety feven; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fejjion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders.) or other orders, loft, burnt, or oiherwife deflroyed, not exceeding in the whole the. amount of five hundred thousand pounds, which (hall have been delivered to the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company, (hall be confidered as cafh paid for the purpole of the faid annuities, and fhall be placed by such cafhier or cafhiers to the account of the depofit made by virtue of this a£t, towards railing the faid fum of feventeen millions, and to the credit of the contributor or contributors paying or delivering the fame.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That every contributor who

fhall

the fame on account of the inftal-ments herein fpecified, &c.

616 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797-

Contributors fhall be poliefled of any exchequer bill or bills, made out by ex^e^uer^ v‘rtue of an a£t of the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, bills ifl'ued urv-  a& for raifing a further fuiti of money by loans or exchequer bills,

der 38 Geo. 3.the fervice of the year one thoufatid seven hundred and ninety-c. 20. and eight, and which are contained in the Ichedule hereunto annexed, fchedu^es A mar^ecl A, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million and B. annex- two hundred thousand pounds, fhall be at liberty topay or deed, may pay liver in the fame on account of the inftalment which fhall become due by virtue of this a£f, on the twenty-third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or who fhall be pofl’eiTed of any exchequer bill or bills made out by virtue of the faid laft mentioned a£V, and which are contained in the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked B, not exceedirlg in the whole the fum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, fhall be at liberty to pay or deliver in the fame on account of the inftalment which fhall become due by virtue of this a£f, on the twenty-fecond day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and if it fhall happen that the faid exchequer bills, amounting to one million two hundred thousand pounds, and one million eight hundred thousand pounds refpeclively, fhall not be paid in on the fecond or third inftalments of the loan on the days hereinbefore mentioned, it fhall and maybe lawful for the lords com-miffioners of his Majesty’s treafury to fatisfy the faid bills, or such part thereof, as fhall not be fo paid in, in ready money, within seven days after the days refpedtively fixed for the faid inftalments.

V.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be law-

tbrm^rt01*^6  ^or any guar^,an or truftee, having the difpofition of the mo-

r d 1 ney of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the faid (urn of feventeen millions, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid ; and such infant, upon the payment of such fum or fums fubfcribed by such guardian or truftee, fhall become a contributor within the meaning of this a£1, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpecl: thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difeharged, fo as the name of such infant be exprefled in the receipt or receipts for such money.

VI.  And be it further enabled, That every contributor paying in the whole of the fums by them refpedtively fubfcribed in refpedl of the faid fum of feventeen millions to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before the twenty-fecond day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, fhall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpeftively fhall amount unto, after the rate of live pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame, to the twenty-third day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafhier or, cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this act, as foon as such refpedtive contributors,

their

Guardians

Difcount to be allowed on payment cf the whole of the fubferip-tions in advance.

1797*] Anno regfti tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.  617

their executors, adminiftrators* fuccefiors, and afiigns, fhall have,completed such pay.rent.

VII.  And be it further enadled, That the feveral fubfcribers Contributors or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, and Certain an°nui* afiigns, in refpedt of the faid fum of feventeen millions, (hall belies, which entitled to an annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, fliall be paid for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them refpe&ively half-yearly, advanced and paid ; and alfo to an annuity, after the like rate °ff^bfcHpdons three pounds per centum, in refpedl of the faid additional princi- are complet-pal fum of fifty pounds, to commence from the fifth day of Ja~ ed.

nuary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned ; and fhall alfo be entitled in refpecft of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, in refpedl of the additional principal fum of fifty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned; and fhall alfo be entitled in re-fpe& of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a further annuity of four (hillings and eleven-pence, to continue for the term of fixty-one years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and then to ceafe; which faid refpective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum reflectively, and of four (hillings and eleven-pence, fhall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay), The faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of 'January, in every year; and the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April, in every year; and the faid annuity of four (hillings and eleven-pence, on the faid tenth day of October and the faid fifth day of April, in every year; the firft payment upon the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and on the faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and on the faid annuity of four (hillings and eleven-pence, on the faid tenth day of Oflober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; but (hall not-be payable until the refpedlive fub-feribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-fors, or alfigns, fhall have completed the whole of the fums by them fubfertbed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

VIII.  And be it further ena£Ied, That as foon as any contri- As foon as butors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, ^e^om^let-(hall have completed their payments of such part of the whole ecj, they may fum payable by them refpedtively towards the faid fum of feven- be transferred, teen millions, as fhall be payable in refpect of the feveral confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to

which they refpectively (hail become entitled, in refpedt of such

fubfcripdonsj

6i8

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgti III. c. 37. [1797.

fubfcriptions, the principal fum or fums in the faid confolidated annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of Eng-land, placed to the credit of such refpedfive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and afligns, completing1 such payments refpecHvely; and as foon as such contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or a digits, fhall have completed the payments of such part of the whole fum payable by them refpeciively towards the faid fum of feventeen millions, as {hail be payable in refpeft of the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of the annuities of four (hillings and eleven-pence, or of any or either of them, the refpedlive principal fums or annuities fhall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such refpedfive contributors,' their refpe&ive fucceflbrs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, completing such refpec-tive payments; and the perfons to whole credit such principal fums fhall be fo placed, their refpedlive executors, adminiftrators, fucccftors, and afligns, fhall and may have power to aflign -arid transfer the fame, or any part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this ad!, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums fo, paid by them refpe&ively; and that such of the faid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftbrs, or afligns, who fhall complete the payments of such parts of the whole fum payable by them refpebfively, towards the faid fum of feventeen millions, as fhall be payable in refpeCb of any or either of the faid refpedlivc annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England fhall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this aeft, fhall be entitled to have the fums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company are hereby required to caufe such fums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in re-fpeCt thereof, in the books of the faid bank of England; and such entries in the faid books fhall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all fums paid in manner aforelaid ; and such fums fhall carry the confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, refpeblively, redeemable by parliament; and the annuity of four fhillings and eleven-pence per annum, for fixty-one years and nine months, and then to ceafe; and fhall refpe&ively be taken and deemed to be ftock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this aCf, until redemption of all the faid annuities, after the rate cf three pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is hereinafter mentioned, and until the determination of the faid annuity of four fhillings and eleven-pence per annum, at the expiration of the faid period of fixty-one years and nine months.

IX. Pro*

x797*1 Anno regm tricefimo o&avo Geor6ii III, c. 37.  619

IX.  Provided always, and be it further ena6Ied, That all and Contributors

every such contributor or cpntributors, his, her, or their execu- ^Qi^of^beir

tors, adminiftrators, and afjigns, who Hial 1 have paid into the fubfcriptions

hands of the faid cafhier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, or as herein fpe-

their contribution money, on or before the fecond day of

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, fhaTl be ent

/ o'  _  nuities at cer-*

to have and receive, on the fifth day of July one thousand seven ta^n p£ri0ds.

hundred and ninety-eight, at the bank of England, the half-year’s annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, that fhall become due on the faid fifth day of July out thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that all and every perfon or perfons who fhall have completed the whole of his, her, or their faid payment or payments on or before the feventh day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, fhall be entitled on the day next enfuing on which any dividend fhall become due by virtue of this a6t, to receive the half-year’s annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or four fhillings and elevenpence, or either of them, which by virtue of this a6t 'fhall become due on such day, or fhall have become due at any day preceding, and fhall not have been paid by virtue of this a61; and that all and every perfon or perfons who fhall not have completed the whole of their faid payments on or before the faid feventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, (hall, on completing the fame within the time in this a6t prefcribed, be entitled to receive the whole of one year’s annuity on each of the faid feveral annuities by this a61 granted, or to be granted, from the fifth day of January and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight refpedtively as the fame fhall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£L

X.  And be it further ena&ed, That all the annuities aforefaid Annuities fhall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at the bank of England; and as to the faid confolidated annuities of three pounds ^the^ank^ per centum, and the faid reduced annuities of three pounds per

centum refpeclively, (hall be fubjedt to such redemption as is herein-after mentioned.

XT. And, for the more easy and Jure payment of all the feveral annuities eftablijhed by this aft, be it further ena&ed, That Bank to ap-the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccefTors, fhall from time to time, until all the faid annuities ant Renerai fhall be redeemed or determined, appoint and employ one or and the trea-more fufficient perfon or perfons, within their office in the city fury to order of London, to be their chief or firft cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their ac- ca^er for countant general ; and that fo much of the monies by this a61 payment of appropriated for the purpose, as fhall be fufficient from time to the annuities, time to anfwer the faid feveral and refpe6live annuities, and other payments, herein dire6led to be made out of the faid monies, fhall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further warrant, to be fued for, had, or obtained in that Voi. XLI.  Tt  behalf.

July cihed, to be itled entitIed to an'

620 Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797.,

behalf, from time to time, at the refpeclive days of payment in this ad appointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid firft or. chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, ’ and their fuccefTors, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpe&ive annuities payable by virtue of this 3d ; and that such cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money fhali from time to time be iffued, {hall from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer; and that the (aid accountant, general for the time being (hall from time to time infped and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XII.  And be it further enaded. That the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, who fhali have received, or fhali receive, any part of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of feventeen millions, fhali give a ed before Ot\. receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all zi, i?98. such fums ; and that the receipts to be given fhali be affignable, by indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the twenty-fecond day of October one thousand (even hundred and ninety-Cafhier to eight, and no longer : provided always, That such cafhier or ' give ^curity^ cafhiers (hall give fecurity to the good liking of any three or money *he re- rnore the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer ceives into the for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the re-

Ca(bier to give receipts ior fubferip-tions, which may be afiign

exchequer.

A book to be kept in the accountant general's-office, for entering conlri-

ceipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and fhali hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of feventeen millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and fhali from time to time pay all such monies as foon as he or they {ball receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the far theft, into and fhali account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, deducting thereout such fums as fhali have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this adt, for which fums fo paid allowance fhali be made in his or their accounts.

XliL And be it ena&ed, That in the office of the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books fhali be provided and kept, in which the names of the contributors fhali be fairly entered ; which book or books the faid refpedlive contributors.

hutors names, their refpetflive executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and affigns, whereorto be  may *rorn time to time, and at all feafonable times, re-

traufmitted to ft>rt to and infpedt without any fee or charge ; and that the faid the auditor accountant general fhali, on or before the fifth day of July one of the txche- thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, tranfmit an attefted ^uer'  duplicate^ fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into

the

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo o&dvo GeoRgii III. c. 37.  621

the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV.  And be it further enaded, That such contributors, ^ltn^u.^ora duly paying the whole fum fo fubfcribed at or before the refpec- then-fubfcnp-tive times in this ad limited in that behalf, and their refpedive tions, entitled executors, adminiftrators, fucceffiors, and affigns, fhall have, re-to annuities ceive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this a61 to have,tax tree> receive, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities, by this ad granted

in refped of the fum fo fubfcribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feffion of parliament for payment thereof, and fhail have good and fure interefts and eftates therein, according to the feveral provifions in this ad contained, as well in refpect of the faid transferrable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedively, as of four fhillings and eleven-pence per annum, payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and that the faid feveral annuities fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever,

XV.  Provided always, That in cafe any such contributors'Subfcriptioris who have already denofited with or fhall hereafter pay to the faid pa,,d 111 part’

n .  n  •  1 r'  r  r  \  •  i  •  and UOt COTO-

caihier or caimers any fum or lums of money at the time and m pieted, to be the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums forfeited, fo by them refpedively fubfcribed, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, or affigns, fhall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubfcribed at the times and in the manner before-mentioned, then and in every such cafe fo much of the refpedive fum or fums fo fubfcribed, as fhall have been actually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, fhall.be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities after the rate of three poundscentum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedively, and of four fhillings and elevenpence per annum in refped thereof fhall be extinguilhed\ any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XVI.  And be it further enaded, That all perfons who fhall  t0

be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refped of perfonajC the faid feventeen millions, and all perfons lawfully claiming eftate. under them, fhall be pofTeffed thereof as of a perfonal eftate,

which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuflom of London, or otherwise; any law, flatute, or cuflom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.  And be it further enaaed. That it (hall and may be Treafury lawful for three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or pai(j jntp the high treafurer for the time being, to iffue and apply from the exche-time to time all such fums of money as fhall be fo paid into the quer. receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the faid cafhier or cafhiers,

to such fervices as fhall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feffion of parliament.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That books fhaji be con- Accountant ftarttly kept by the faid accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums advanced or con- for entering

T T %  tributed  transfers.

 VjOCK^lC

Stock may be devifed.

622, AnnoregnitricefimooftavoGEORGii III. c. 37. [1797.

tributed towards the faid Turn of feventeen millions, {hall be entered and regiftered ; which entry fhall be conceived in proper Words for that purpose, and (hall be figned by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their refpedfive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully autho-rifed, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefTes; and that the feveral perfons to whom such transfers fhall be made, fhall refpediively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available in hw : provided always, That all perfons poffefled of any fhare or intereft in either of the faid flocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefTes; but that no payment fhall be made upon any such devife, until fo much of the faid will as relates to such fhare, eftate, or intereft in the faid flocks of annuities be entered in the faid office; and that in default of such transfer or devife, such fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid ftocks of annuities, (hall go to the executors, admi-Transfersnot niftrators, fucceflors, and affigns; and that no (lamp duties duties^0^arn^ whatfoever fhall be charged on any of the faid transfers; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Treafuryroay XIX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That out dtmaUxd~ of the monies arifing from the contributions towards raiftng the pences out of^um feventeen millions by annuities, any three or more contiibutions, of the commiffioners of the treafury, of the high treafurer for and allow  the time being, fhall have power to difeharge all such incident

caJdherand^ c^aroes as  neceflarily attend the execution of this a6l, in

accountant such manner as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and alfo general, to fettle and appoint such allowances as fhall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid caffiier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions ; and alfo fhall have power to make, out of the confolidated fund, such further allowances as fhall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this a£t; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this aeft; all which allowances to be made as afore-faid, in refpedf of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their dif-pofal only.

XX. And be it further enabled, That all the monies to which any perfon or perfons fhall become entitled by virtue o( this abi, in refpedl of any fum advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of feventeen millions, on which the faid annuities fir ft mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum pir annum, fhall be attending, fhall be added to the joint ftock of annuities trans-ferrabJe at the bank of England, into which the feveral fums

carrying

The 3!. per cent coufofc. under this adt to be added to the joint (Utck or 31. percent, conibis.

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oiflavo Georgii III. c. 37.  623

carrying an interefl after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by feveral acls made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent a6ls confolidated, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjedt neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice as in the faid adi made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late Ma-jefty’s reign, is diredled in refpedl of the feveral and refpedlive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid a£l; and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever, in pro-* portion to the money to which he, fihe, or they fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this acl, fhall have and be deemed to have a proportional interefl and fhare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

XXI.  And be it further enadled. That all the monies to The 3I. per which any perfon or perfons fhall become entitled by virtue of cent reduced this adl, in refpedl of any fum advanced or contributed towards ^ the^int the faid fum of feventeen millions on which,the faid annuity lafl p-oek of 3I. mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, per cent, re-fhall be attending, fhall be added to the joint flock of annuities duced. transferable at the bank of England, which by an adl made in

the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefly, were re-? duced from four pounds per centum per annum, to three pounds per centum per annum, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjedl neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the feveral adls by which the faid annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were refpedlively granted, are dire<5led in refpedt of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all ancj every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, {he, or they fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this a£l, fhall have and be deemed to have a proportional interefl and fhare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the. rate aforefaid.

XXII.  And b'e it further enabled, That all the faid annuities Annuities of after the rate of four {hillings and eleven-pence per annum, to ^ed^torhe6 continue for a certain term of fixty-one years and nine months, joint annuities from the fifth day of Jpril one thousand seven hundred and granted for ninety-eight and then to ceafe, to which any perfon or perfons, 99 and 98 bodies politick and corporate, (hall be entitled by virtue qf this >'ears*

3(fl, in refpedt of any fum or fums of money, advanced or contributed towards raifing the faid lum of feventeen millions as aforesaid, fhall be added to and made qne joint flock, with cei> tain annuities, which, by two adls made in the firfl and fecond years of the reign of his prefent I\dajefly, were granted and made payable at the bank of England for the refpedlive terms of ninety-nine years and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of January one thousand seven hundred and fixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and fixty-two refpecTvely, and then to £eafe, and which faid refpe&ive annuities were confolidated and

T T 3  made

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1797.

made one joint flock of annuities, by divers a£ts made in the reign of his prefent Majefly, and fhali be paid, payable, and transferable at the fame time and times, and in like manner with the faid annuities granted by the faid adts; and fo much money thf^ad to be ^rom t^me t0 tlme continue to be fet apart and iffued at the p iid out of receipt of the exchequer, to the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the the confolida- bank of England, as fhall be fufScient to fatisfy and pay fo much ted fund. Gf the faid annuities after the refpedlive rates of three pounds per centum per annum, of three pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted to continue for a certain term of fixty-one years and nine months, from the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and then to ceafe, together with the charges attending the fame, out of the conio-lidated fund ; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

Perfor>6 court- XXIII. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or per-cei^s'for^ f°ns  forge  or  counterfeit,  or  caufe  or  procure  to  be  forged

contributions, or counterfeited, or fhall willingly adt or affifl in the forging or &c. guilty of counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of; or any felony.  part or parts of, the faid contributions towards the faid fum

of feventeen millions, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or fhall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publifh, as true, any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every such perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly adting or afiiiling in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifhing as aforesaid, being thereof convidled in due form of law, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

Bank to con- XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That the tinue a cor- faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their the Annuities ^ucce^ors^ notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their hereby grant- own funds, in purfuance of the adls for eflablifhing the fame, or ed ceafe. any of them, fhall continue a corporation for the purposes of this adl, until all the annuities by this act granted fhall be redeemed by parliament or fhall ceafe as aforefaid ; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England., or any member thereof, fhall not incur any difabiljry for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adl.

No fee to be XXV. And be it further enadled, That no fee, reward, or taken for re- gratuity whatfoever fhall be demanded p.r taken of any of his tHbmfon^or MaJefty?s fubjedls, for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription paying or * or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con-transterring' terning the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of annuities, on them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made penalty of zoh jn purfuance of this adl, upon pain that any officer or perfon of-

1  ;  fending.

Annuities

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii IN. c. 37.  625

fending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft min fter, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of,law, injunction or order of refyraint, or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

XXVI.  And whereas the governor and company of the hank of England, in purfuance of an aft of the prefent fejjion of parliament, intituled, An adt for raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven

hundred and ninety-eight, have advanced, for the fervice of the Bank may re-publick, on the exchequer bills iffued under the authority of the faid tain, in the aft, the fum of three millions, to be payable, at certain periods therein mentioned> out of any future loan ; be it therefore enadted, That the^ qCL0^0o0]^ the fum of one million fhall and may be retained by the faid go- advanced on verner and company of the bank of England, out of each of the exchequer refpedtive payments herein diredted to be made, in the months hilis iliued by of July, Auguft, and September; any thing herein contained to 3 g eo* 3* the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.  And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or Perfons fued pcrfons fhall be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing maY P,e?i!the done by virtue or in purfuance of this a#, such perfon or per- Senera 1 ue% fons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and

the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difcontinue his, her, or their adtion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then such defendant or defendants (hall have treble Treble cofts. cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULES to which this adt refers.

SCHEDULE A.

Second inftalment.

£.

No. i. to No. 900.  £.  1,000 bills —  900,000

No. to No. 600.  £.  500 bills —  300,000

£. 1,200,000

SCHEDULE B, ~~

Third inftalment,

£.

No. 901. to No. 2,250. £. 1,000 bills ^ 1,350,000 No, 601, to No. 1,500. £. 5°a bills —  450,000

£ 1,800,000

”"~C~A P.

T T 4

6i6 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 38. [1797.

Preamble.

Order in council, dated Aug. 6, 1794.

Order in council, dated March 30, 3798.

Proceedings under the laid orders upon appeals from fentences in the Weft Indies, or the Bermuda or Bahama Iflands to be valid ; but in appeals permitted under them, after the ordinary

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for declaring the validity of two orders in council, dated the fixth day of Auguft one thoujand seven hundred and ninety -four, and the thirtieth day of March one thoujand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the time of appealing in prize caufes \ and for permitting appeals to be profecuted after such time Jhall have elapfed, in such Jpecial caufes as his Majefiy, by any order in council\ fball authorfe,—[May 7, 1798.]

X\7 HEREAS an order was made on the fixth day of Auguft V V one thoifand seven hundred and ninety-four, by his Majefly in council, in the zvords or to the effeft following; that is to fay, €c Whereas, in many of his Majefly's vice admiralty courts in the Weft Indies, fentences of condemnation have puffed againfl /hips and goods belonging to the fubjefts of the united fates of America : and whereas, from ignorance of the rides refpefting the times for appeal-ing, or from inability to find the fecurity required, or from other juft and reafonable impediments, the claimants have been prevented from duly entering and projecuting their appeals from the faid fentences : and whereas, it hath been reprefented to his Majefly on their behalf that they are defirous of entering and profecuting the fame, his Majefly is thereupon pleafed, by and with the advice of his privy counci/, to order, and it is hereby ordered, that the faid parties Jhall be admitted to their refpeftive appeals, notwithfanding the ordinary time for entering and profecuting the fame may be elapfed, provided the fame are entered and profecuted within a reafonable time, to be approved by the lords commijfioners of appeals in prize caufesand whereas doubts have been lately entertained refpefting the validity of the faid order: and whereas it is expedient that such doubts Jhould be removed: and whereas an order was made by his Majefly in council on the thirtieth day of March one thoifand seven hundred and ninety-eighty declaring, that it zvas his royal intention in the former order that appeals from fentences given in the vice admiralty courts of Bermuda and the Bahama Iflands, Jhould be permitted under the authority thereof and that parties complaining of fentences given in those courts Jhould be entitled to the full benefit of the faid order; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid orders, and all proceedings duly had or to be had, according to and under the authority of the faid orders, upon appeals from fentences given in the vice admiralty couris in the Wefl Indies, or in the Bermuda or Bahama /funds, (hail be, and be deemed and taken to be, and to have been refpedlively legal and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes: provided neverthelefs, That in all cafes in which appeals (hall have been permitted under the authority of the faid orders, or (hall hereafter be permitted under the authority thereof, or of this a£I, to be interpofed after the ordinary time or times of appealing, as the fame were eftablifhed

by

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o<£tavo Georgii TIT. c. 3$.  7

by law previous to the faid orders, had been or fhall be elapfed, times of ap-and in which it (hall appear to the fatisfa&ion of the lords com -  11 ravc

mifiioners of appeals in prize caufes, appointed or to be appointed, beeiTffiftri-that diftribution of the proceeds of the prize to which the appeal buted previ-relates had been made before publication of the faid former order, ous to publi* and notice of an intended application for an appeal, under the authority of the fame, was duly given to the captors, the faid der  the

captors fhall not be compelled or compellable, by virtue of the captore not faid orders or of this ad, to make any compenfation to the compellable claimants in cafe the fentences or decrees of condemnation fhali t0 ™ake combe reverfed or varied ; but it (hall be competent to luch caprors, 1>e’n ,l lon' ' * in all such cafes refpedively to plead and prove, by affidavits or otherwife as (hall be allowed by the court, such diftribution, in bar of any monition to bring in the proceeds of the prize, or of any other proceeding which may be had to compel them to fatisfy the claimants after such reverfal or variation of such fentence or decree; and such proof being fo made fhall be and be allowed to be an effedual bar accordingly.

II.  And whereas it is found expedient that the fpace of twelve months, being the fpace of time allowed by the civil law, and by the general law of nations for that purpoje, fhould be generally allowed for the profecution of appeals in all cafes of prize caufes; be it therefore further enaded, notwithftanding any law to thecontraiy,

That it fhall and may be lawful in all caufes of prize, where a

fentence or decree has been given, or (hall hereafter be given, profecJlte ap_

to or for all perfons interefted, whether parties or not in the fir ft peals may be

inftance, and in whatever court the fentence or decree has been taken out

given or fhall be given, to take out an inhibition and profecute  **

an appeal within twelve calendar months, to be computed from date of de-

the day of the date of such fentence or decree appealed from : cree:

provided neverthelefs. That in all cafes where fentences and de- but where

crees have already been given or pronounced, and in which no decrees have

appeal having been inter po'fed by any perfon who was a party in ^een aheady

the firft inftance, within nine months from the date of the fen-  ‘JV00

.  ’  .  rr  ,  ,  appeal inter-

tenee or decree, nor any notice given or men appeal, a diltribu- pofed within

tion of the proceeds had taken place, the captors (hall not be nine months, compelled or compellable to make compenfation to the claimants, &c* t^ie caP-in cafe the faid fentences or decrees of condemnation fhali be pehVble reverfed or varied, on the faid captors giving proof, to be allowed make comas aforesaid, of the diftribution of the proceeds having been made, penfation, Sec* which fhall be an effectual bar to the faid claimants as hereinbefore enadled.

III.  And whereas it is expedient that in fpecial cafes the time of appealing from fitch fentences or decrees Jhould be further enlarged ; be it therefore enadfed and declared by the authority aforesaid,

That his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, by his or their order HisMajefty in

or orders in council, in such fpecial caufes of prize as in such council may

order or orders refpedlively fhall be mentioned, may autho-

rife, and fhall have full power to authorife, any perfons interefted, profecute ap-

whether parties or not parties in the firft inftance, in such caufes, peals to be

and in whatever court the fentence or decree (hall have been taken out af-'  ‘  given  ter expiration

628 Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgii 111. c. 39. [1797.

of 12 months; given or pronounced before the paffing of this ad, or (hall here-a^ter be glven or pronounced, to take out an inhibition and pro-ddtribution of ^ecute an aPPea^ at any time notwithftanding such fpace of prizes had twelve months as aforefaid fhall have previoufly expired : pro-been made at vided neverthelefs. That in all cafes in which his Majesty, his tirre^of  beirs or hicceffors, (hall, by such order, give such authority as

peahn^ would a^ore^aid, and in which it (hall appear to the fatisfa&ion of the have been lords commiftioners of appeals in prize caufes, that diftribution barred, Sec, has been made of the proceeds of the prizes at or after the time not to °r t*mes w^en ri*ght appealing would have been barred if nvdecora-0 no bich orc^er had been made, and before notice of such order penfation. duly given to the captors, the faid captors duly conforming to the regulations herein-after required, the fame (hall be an effectual bar to their making compenfation to the claimants as here-in-before enabled.

When his  IV.  And  be it further erra&ed, That in all such fpecial cafes

a^ufliorife^ *n  bis Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, fhall authorife

appeals, the anY Per^*ons interefted to appeal from any fentence or decree after

captors, on the fpace of twelve months (hall have elapfed from the date of

requiiition of such fentence or decree, and after a diftribution of the proceeds

claimants, to has been made, the captors, being required by the claimants, deliver cODies  •  9  •  •  7  o *  j  *

of account of fball deliver over, within a reafonable time, a true copy of the

Tales, 8cc. to account of fales, and of all proceedings had under the authority

the procura- of the fentence or decree of the court below, to his Majesty’s

whtflhalTde Procurator general, who is hereby authorifed and required to

fend the ap-" defend the laid appeals in all such cafes, and in such manner as

peals, &c.  his Majesty’s advocate general fhall dired; and in cafe the cap-

Captors neg- tors fhall negled or refufe to deliver over such copy, within a

kding to de- reafonable time, as aforesaid, or to obey such further order as

liver such co- the lords commiftioners of appeals in prize caufes may deem

obey the order nece^ary to make for the furtherance of juftice, they fhall forfeit

ofthe com- ah claim to any benefit or difeharge under the provifions of this

mi (boners of ad, and be liable to be proceeded againft in such manner as if

appeals, to the appeal had been duly entered within twelve months from th$

n°fifof thi$C" l*me such fentence or decree in the court below.

ad,

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft to amend an aft, pajjed in the twenty -fevent h year of his prefent Majefly's reign, intituled, An ad for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of King/Ion, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George, in the ifland of Grenada, in the port,of Rofeau, in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Naffauy in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama Ijlands, under certain regulations and reftricHons.—[May 7, 1798.J

Preamble.

27 Geo. 3. c. 27.

WHEREAS by an afty made in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majejly's reign, intituled, An ad for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of Kingjion, Savannah la Mary Mon-

teg a

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo odVavo Georgii III. c. 3-9.  629

tego Bay, and 5^77^ Lucea, in the ifland of Jamaica, in the port of  George in the ifland of Grenada, in the port

of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, and in the port of Naffau in the ifland of Neiu Providence,-one of the Bahama Jjlands, under certain regulations and reflridfions, /V zV among ft other things enaCted, That no goods or commodities whatever of the growth, pro-dilution, or manufacture of Europe, or the Eafl: Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, /ball, upon any pretence whatever, ^ exported from the ifands of Grenada or Dominica, or from the Bahama Elands, to any other Britifh colony or plantation in America or the Weft: Indies, upon pain of the forfeiture in the faid aCt mentioned: and whereas it; is expedient, that goods and commodities of the manufacture of Europe fhould be permitted to be exported from the faid ifands, to any Britifh colony or plantation in  0f

America or the Weft Indies; be it therefore enadted by the King’s European nn-moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of nufadturemay the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent  exported in

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, Q^ed ^JcS from and after the patting of this a<51, it fhall be lawful to export, navigated ac-in any Britijh fhip or veflel owned and navigated according to cording to law, from the iflands of Grenada, Dominica, Antigua, and Tri- *rt>m „ nidad, or from the Bahama Ifands, to any Britijh colony or plantation in America or the Wef Indies, any goods or commo- colony in dities whatever of the manufacture of Europe; any thing in the America or faid a<51, or any other adf, to the contrary in anyvvife notwith- the {landing.  '  I,,dles5

II.  And be it further ena&ed and declared, That it (hall be as alfo any lawful to export in Britijh (hips, owned and navigated accord- £oods im-ing 'to law, from the iflands of Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, ^ Antigua, and Trinidad\ or from the Bahama Ifands, to any iflands from Britijh colony or plantation in America or the IVef Indies, any any colony in goods, wares, or merchandize which fhall have been legally America be-imported into any of the faid iflands of Grenada, Dominica, Ja~ anySfofej.?ii maica, Antigua, Trinidad, or the Bahama Ifands, from any of European the colonies or plantations in America belonging to or under the date, dominion of any foreign European fovereign or date.

IIL Provided always, and be it further enaefled, That if any In cafe of doubt fhall arife whether such goods, wares, or merchandize, doubt, the intended to be fo exported, fhall have been legally imported in- ?ega^ty ^ to the faid iflands of Grenada, Dominica, Jamaica, Antigua, or to bc proved Trinidad, or into the Bahama Ifands refpeblively, the legality of before expor-fuch importation (hall be made appear to the fatisfadiion of the tation ot collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuf- g°ocis* toms at the port of exportation, before such goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be fufrered to be (hipped for exportation.

CAP. XL.

An all for repealing the duties on houfes, windows, and lights, on inhabited houfes, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majefy other duties on houfes, windows, and lights, and on inhabited houfes, in lieu thereof—[May xo, 1798.]

Moft

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1797.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the charging feparately the feveral rates and duties payable upon houfes, windows, or lights, and upon inhabited houfes, and the additional rates upon the amount there-of has been found inconvenient; and it is expedient that the fa id Jeveral rates and duties, and alfo the duties on clocks and watches, Jhould be repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof: we, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjebts the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King's • moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent From April 5, parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred term of' and ninety-eight, in that part of Great Britain called Englandy Whitfunday and from and after the term of Whitfunday one thousand seven 179S, in Scot- hundred and ninety-eight, in that part of Great Britain called ti^on houfbs Scotland, all and fingular the rates and duties upon houfes, win-windows or * dows, or lights refpebtively granted by the feveral abls made in lights;granted the fixth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-feventh years of the reign by 6, 24, and  0f his prefent Majefly, and alfo the rates and duties upon inha-

on houfes  ^ited houfes, granted bv an abt paffed in the nineteenth year of

Geo°-.eand9 rc^gn of his prefent Majesty, and alfo the additional rates and the additional duties charged by feveral ads upon the amount of the faid rates duties upon and duties, and alfo the rates and duties on clocks and watches, thereof0and Srante<^ by an of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his dhe dudes on Pre^ent Majesty, fhall feverally ceafe and determine; fave and docks and  except in all cafes relating to the demanding, recovering, rewatches,  ceiving, or paying any arrears thereof refpebfively, which may,

Geo^ to 37 °n  day  ^fPr^  one thousand seven hundred and

ctaie^' ninety-eight, and the term of Whitfunday one thousand seven ’  hundred and ninety-eight, in England and Scotlandrefpebtively,

remain unpaid, or any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpebtively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the term of Whitfunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, refpec-tively as aforefaid; fave alfo and except the additional rates and duties granted by an act, palled in the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefly an aid and contribution for the profccuiion of the war. and in lieu II. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the faid defies mthe ^frh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, annexed febe- in England, and from and after the term of Whitfunday one thou-dules to be  fand (even hundred and ninety-eight, in Scotland, in lieu and

levied. 4  inftead of the faid rates and duties by this a cl repealed, there

fhall be afTelTed, raifed, levied, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon houfes, windows, and lights, and upon inhabited houfes, the feveral rates and duties refpebtively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in the feveral

fchedules,

T30

Preamble.

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 40.  631

fchedules marked A. and B. hereunto annexed ; which feveral fchedules, and the rules therein contained, fhall be deemed and conftrued a part of this adt, as if the fame were incorporated therewith.

III.  And be it further enabled, That every afteftrnent to be Aff=flments to made by virtue of this adt in England^ fhall be in force for one he made tor a whole year, from the fifth day of April in the year in which the chargedupon fame (hall be made; and every such affeffment to be made in the occupiers. Scotland, (hall be in force for one whole year, from the term of JVhitfunday in the year in which the fame (hall be made; and the

duties to be levied upon any such afleffinents to be made in England and Scotland refpedtively, fhall be charged upon the occupier or occupiers for the time being of houfes, cottages, or tenements, in refpedl whereof the faid duties (hall be charged, Landlords to his, her, or their refpedtive executors or adminiftrators: provided l,a[^e to always. That in all cafes where the rates and duties by this act the^paid^ repealed, are directed to be .paid by the landlord or landlords of them under any houfe or tenement, in such cafe the faid landlord or landlords the former fhall be liable to the duties hereby granted in like manner.  a^s'

IV.  And be it further enadted, That the duties, hereby diredted Occupiers for to be charged on the occupier or occupiers of houfes, cottages,

or tenements, (hall be levied upon, and paid by the occupier or ments. occupiers for the time being, without any new afleffment for that year, notwithftanding any change in the occupation of any of such houfes, cottages, or tenements.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no rate No duty to be

or duty (hall be levied by virtue of this adt, for or in refpedt of Pald tor tene“ any cottage or tenement containing not more than fix windows taimng not or lights in the whole, the occupier or occupiers whereof, by more than fix reafon of his, her, or their poverty only, and not for any other windows, if caufe, is or are exempted from the adtual payment of the ufual tl^e occupiers taxes, affeiTments, and contributions, towards the church and on account^of poor.  poverty, from

VI.  And be it further enadted, That every chamber or apart- the poor rates, ment, in any of the inns of court or of chancery, or in any col- Apartments lege or hall in any of the univerfities of Great Britain, or in any in inns

hall or office belonging to any perfon or perfons, body or bodies containuTg politick or corporate, or any publick hofpital, being Severally in cig0t win-the tenure and occupation of any perfon or perfons chargeable to dows, or un~ the faid rates and duties, containing eight windows or lights, or d£r> to be under, fhall be charged thereto at the rate of two (hillings for every such window or light; and every such chamber or apart-above that ment, which fhall contain more than eight windows or lights, number, as an Ihall be fubjedt to the duties granted by this adt as if the fame ent‘rc kouie. was an entire houfe.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing In hofpitnls, herein contained fhall be conftrued to extend to lubject any&c* onl5r rhe hofpital, charity fchool, or houfe provided for the reception and o^cupi^d by relief of poor perfons, to the payment of the rate or duty impofed officers or by this act, except such apartments therein as are or may be fcrvmts, fub-• occupied by the officers or fervants thereof, which fhall be fubjedt t0 dutJr*

to-

632. Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Geohgti III. c. 40. [1797.

to the fame duty (according to the number of windows in each) Dut not to aS ot^er inhabited houfes are by this act fubject to. be charged on VProvided always, and he it further enadted, That nothing licenfed cha- herein contained fhall extend to charge with the faid duty any ptii?. or dairies room licenfed as a chapel for the purposes of divine worfhip, and ufed for no other purpose whatfoever; nor to any windows or lights in dairies, or other rooms or places defcribed and exempted from the duties hereby repealed, by an act, patfed in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft to exempt dairies, and rooms ufed folely for making, keeping, and dryings cheefe. and butter, from the duties on windows and lights.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the faid feveral rates and

before exempted.

Times ofpayment of duty.

No window to be deemed flopped up, unleJs it be with done or brick, or the fame materi-

duties by this act granted fhall, in that part of Great Britain called Englandy be paid quarterly, on the days herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, On the twentieth day of "June for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of April and ending on the fifth day of July* the twentieth day of September for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of July and ending on the tenth day of October, the twentieth day of December for the quarter commencing from the tenth day of October and ending on the fifth day of January, and the twentieth day of March for the quarter commencing on the fifth day of January and ending on the fifth day of April, in every year; the firfit payment thereof to be made on the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, half yearly; that is to fay. On or before the twenty-ninth day of Septembery for the half year commencing from the term of Whitfunday and ending at the term of Martinmas in the fame year, and on or before the twenty-fifth day of Marchy for the half year commencing from the term of Martinmas and ending at the term of Whitfunday next enfuing; the firft payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-ninth day of September one . thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

X. And be it further ena<ted, That no window or light which (hall be flopped up after the paffing of this act, in any such dwelling-houfe, fhall be deemed to be flopped up within the meaning of this act, unlefs such windows or light (hall be flopped up effectually with ffone or brick, or with die fame kind of

ais as the out- materials whereof that part of the outfide walls of such dwelling-houfe in which such window or light (hall be, doth chiefly confifl.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-contained (hall be conftrued to exte'nd to any window or light in the roof of any dwelling-houfe, which (hall be flopped up effectually with materials of the like nature of which the outfide of the roof fhall chiefly confifl.

XII. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the pading of this act, no window or light fhall be newly made in dvvelling-houle, or office belonging thereto, in refpedt

fide walls.

Act not to extend to any flopped up window in roofs, if flopped with 3jkt mat* rials as the outfide.

No new win-

nlade^nor any whereof any rate or duty is hereby granted, nor (hall any such flopped up window or light which (hall have been flopped up at the time one to be re- wjien the affellment in refpecl of such dwelling-houfe (hall be

*nade

any

ftored, or any

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oilavo Georgii III. c. 40.  635

made for the then current year, be reftored, nor (hall any such to be flopped-window or light be flopped up, without, in each ol the cafes, fix p^v^g°^ days previous notice thereof in writing, being given by the t^ce to tbe occupier or occupiers of such dwelling-houfe, to the furveyor or flifveyor, on infpeftor of the faid rates or duties, or one of them, for the place penalty of 10I. in which the afleflment was made, defcribing therein the particular fituation of every such window or light in such dweliing-houfe, and the number of such windows or lights, if more than, one, to to be made or reftored, on pain that the occupier or occupiers of such dwelling-houfe fo qffending, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds for every window or ligh* fo newly made, reftored, or flopped up, as aforesaid, to be recovered as by this aft is direfted, and which fhall be paid over and above any rate or duty payable in refpeft of such dwelling-houfe.

XIII.  And be it further enafted, That in cafe any furveyor or Surveyor to infpeftor of the rates or duties hereby granted, (hall receive any ^ovvs^(le'or such notice as aforesaid, or (hall otherwife find or di(cover that reftorecq any window or light in any such dwelling-houfe, liable to the what the par-faid rates or duties, hath been newly made or reftored as afore- ties have been faid, which window or light hath not been charged in the aflefT-

ment for that year, then such furveyor or infpeftor fhall, and he ment t0 tbe

is hereby required to certify the fame in writing under his hand, co m million-

by way of charge, to any two or more of the commiflioners for crs,

putting this aft in execution, and fhall (fate in such certificate to

what amount the perfon or perfons liable to such rate or duty

hath or have been under-rated in the afleflment for that year;

and thereupon the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of

them, fhall caufe such afleflment to be reftified according to such  to

certificate, and the rates and duties fo to be charged, fhall be be redified.

levied thereon from the commencement of the year in which

fuch window or light fhall be made or reftored, as if such window

or light had been originally included in such afleflment: provided Amended af-

always, That every such,afteftrnent, when amended, fhall be liable feAments may

to be appealed againft in such manner as if the fame had been be appealed

originally fo made.  againft.

XIV.  And be it further enafted, That no afleflment fhall be No appeal, or fubjeft to appeal, nor any abatement of the duties allowed, by

reafon of any windows or lights being flopped up, unlefs it fhall allowed by ^ be .proved, to the fatisfaftion of the commiflioners for executing reafon of this aft, that the fame windows or lights were refpeftively flopped windows up previous to the fifth of April next before the making the faid  Uf>T  .

afleflment, if in England, or if in Scotland, that the fame windows have been or lights were refpeftively flopped up previous to the term of flopped up Whitfunday next before the making the faid afleflment.  previous to

XV.  And be it further enafted, That all and every the perfons cf^in pe~ named or appointed to be commiflioners for putting in execution S\.T an aft of this prelent fefiion of parliament, intituled. An aft for ei^ofthe^^ granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, for the fervice of the land tax, and year one thousand jeven hundred and ninety-eighty or who fhall here- the furveyors# after be named or appointed commiflioners for putting in execu- a^flbrs, and lion any other aft or acts of parliament, fur granting an aid to pointed under

his tlie acts rela-

634 Anno regni tricefimo odlavo GeoRgii III. c. 40. [1797*

tive to the his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, by a land tax in Great Britain,

repealec^m* 0r aihv  t^ie  Pre^ent  or  anY  ^uture  feflion  for  continuing  the

hereafter ap- famei (hall be commiflioners for executing this a£t with relation pointed, to to the rates and duties hereby granted, and the powers herein put this act in contained, in all and every the counties, ridings, diviflons, (hires, execution. ffewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpecTv.ely within the kingdom of Great Britain. ; and the feveral furveyors and infpedlors, afleffors and collectors, refpedtively appointed to put in execution any of the fa id adls relative to the (aid rates or duties hereby repealed, and the feveral perfons who (hall be hereafter appointed infpedlors, furveyors, afleffors, or collectors refpedtively, by virtue of the powers contained in the feveral acSts of parliament now in force relative to the laid rates and duties hereby repealed, (and which powers are hereby declared to continue in force for the purposes of this a£t), or by virtue of the powers contained in this a£t, or any other adl pa fled or to be paffed in this prefent feflion of parliament, (hall be fur^ veyors, infpedlors, afleffors, and collectors, to put in execution the prefent a£t with relation to the duties hereby granted, according to the powers given to them refpedlively by the faid a£ts, or any of them, (and not hereby altered), or by this act; and the faid commiflioners, and other the perfons qualified to act in the execution of any of the faid adhs, (hall, and they are hereby reflectively empowered and required to do all things neceffary for putting this a£f in execution with relation to the rates and duties hereby granted as before-mentioned, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid adds relative to the faid rates and duties hereby repealed, or any matters or things therein reflectively contained.

Within the XVI. And be it further enadded, That within the bills of t-ilit 0*St°r" rnortabty> the parifl'ies of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, Mary-le-hone *n county of Middlefexy the appointment of collectors of the an<1 Pancras, rates and duties hereby granted, (hall belong wholly to such of the appoint- the commiflioners for executing this act, who (hall refide in the kGor°to\^e P31"1^105 f°r which such collectors reflectively are to be appointed, long to the m ca,c there (hall be two or more commiflioners there refldent, reticlent com- and no other commiflioners (hall in such cafe interfere; and it mifl!oneis,^c. Hi all be lawful for the faid commiflioners for executing this act, and reflding within the refpective parifhes as aforesaid, to appoint such perfons to be collectors, who (hall have given fecurity to the (atisfaction of the churchwardens and overfeers, or guardians of the poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven or more of the veffry, where a (elect veffry (hall be appointed as aforesaid, and vho (ball be thought by the faid commiflioners to be of ability to execute the office of collector; and that in default of appointing such perfons who (hall have given such fecurity, then the faid commiflioners reflding as aforesaid, (hall name such perfons as they (hall think of ability to execute the faid office: provided always, That where two or more commiflioners (hall not be refldent in any parifh for which collectors are tQ be appointed,

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40.  635

pointed, then a commiffioner or commiffioners refiding in any adjacent parifh, may concur in the appointment of such collectors*

XVII.  And be it further enaCted, That the laid feveral rates £)iities to be and duties by this aCl granted, (hall feverally and refpe&ively be

affeffed, raifea, levied, cohered, and received, in such and the ot}ier duties like form and manner, and with such penalties, forfeitures, and under the difabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, management as are prescribed and appointed by a'ny aCl or acts now in force, for affeffing, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying taxes, &c. the rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights, and upon inhabited houfes, hereby repealed, or any other duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, as far as the fame were in force at and immediately before the time of palling this aCt, and are applicable to the feveral and refpeCtive rates and duties hereby’granted, or any of them, and are not altered by this aCt; except ’all claufes of exemption as are contained in any. of the faid axffs of the fixth, twenty-fourth, and thirry-feventh years of his prefent Majesty, for granting any of the rates or.duties-on windows or lights, hereby repealed; and all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, cjaufes, matters, and things, contained in any aft or aCts in relation to the faid refpeftive rates or duties hereby repealed, or any pf them, and in force at and immediately before the paffing of this aft, or in any aft or afts paffed or to be paffed in this feffion of parliament, for the affpffing, raifing, levying, colleCIing, and paying the rates and duties hereby repealed, or any other the rates and duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, (except such claufes of exemption as aforesaid,) (hall be in full force, and be feverallyand refpeftively duly obferved, praftifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the affeffing, raifing, levying, collefting, and paying the feveral rates and duties by this aCt granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claules, matters, and things, (except as aforefaid), were particularly repeated and re~enafted in the body of this aft.

XVIII.  And be it further enafted, That if in any parifh or In anyplace

place in England, any failure fhall happen in the appointment of ^ere afie^ the affeffor or affeffors to take upon him or themfelves the exe- tQrs are not * cution of this aft, on or before the thirtieth day of April in any appointed, year, or in the appointment of a colleftor or collectors to take any two upon him or themfelves the execution of this a Cl, on or before the thirtieth day of May in any year, it fhall and may be lawful default from for any two juftices of the peace of the county or riding in which the furveyor,, such parifh or place (hall be fituate, and they, on notice of such may appoint default from the furveyor or infpeftor of the faid rates and duties ttiem4 hereby granted, are flriCUy enjoined and required to appoint ari affeffor or affeffors, or a collector or collectors, -as the cafe may require, from the inhabitants of such parifh or place, or such other perfon or perfons as might by any law now in force be Vol. XLL  U  u  appointed

Perfons neg* lifting to obey the precept of the

Sec. to forfeit 2ol,

If two com-miffioners do

or if none ffiould meet, two juftices may aft.

636 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1797.

appointed affeffors and colleftors for such parifti or place where such default (hall happen, and for that purpose (hall iffue their joint; precepts to such and fo many of the (aid inhabitants, or other perfon or perfons aforesaid, as they (hall think neceffary, to appear before the faid juftices, for the purpose of taking upon themfelves the faid refpeftive offices ; and if any perfon on whom the precept of such juftices (hall be ferved, (hall negleft to appear according to the precept, or any perfon appointed or to be ap-juftices, or to pointed, either by the commiffioners for executing this aft, or uPon the juftices of the peace as aforesaid, to be an afteffor or colleftor fice^f aRelfor t^ie ^ut^es by this granted, (hall wilfully negleft or refufe or colleftor, to take upon himfelf the office of an afteffor or colleftor, or (hall wilfully negleft or refufe to perform his duty in the due and fpeedy execution of his office, according to this aft, or if any perfon fo appointed to be an afteffor (hall negleft or refufe to take the oath by this aft direfted to be taken by affeffors, every such perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

XIX.  And be it further enafted. That if in any county, riding, not meet^ one or-place in England, or in any hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, with a juftice, or ward, in such county, riding, or place, two or more commiffioners (hall not have attended, or (hall not attend at any meeting appointed to be held, or which ought to be held, in purfuance of the direftions contained in any aft hereby declared to be in force, in relation to the duties granted by this aft, or any ^ft of the prefent feffion of parliament, or ttys aft, or (hall not have met, or (hall not meet, to execute in any particular this aft, or any other aft paffed in this feffion of parliament, within the time limited by the laws in force in relation to the duties granted by this aft, it (hall be lawful for any one commiffioner, together with any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for such county, riding, or place, or (if no commiffioner (hall have fo attended or met, or if no commiffioner (hall fo attend or meet) for any two or more such juftices of the peace, to do all afts, matters, and things, which are by this aft, or any aft or afts in force, direfted to be done by commiffioners at their general meetings, or at their meetings within their refpeftive hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or wards; and ail such juftices of the peace, being duly warned of such default by any infpeftor, furveyor, colleftor, or afteffor of the faid rates and duties, (hall, in 2 convenient time, alienable at the ufua! p!ace°of holding such meetings for the execution of this aft; and all such afts, matters, and things, fo done

' by any such commiffioners and juftices of the peace, or by two , or more such juftices of the peace as aforesaid, (hall be as good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if the faid afts, matters, and things, had been done by two or more such commiffioners; any thing contained in any aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.  And be it further enafted, That the pariih or place in England for which any perfon or perfons (hall be appointed colleftor or colleftors of the rates and duties hereby granted, (hall

be

1797-] Anno regrii tricefimo oftavo Georgii TIL c. 40.  637

be anfvverable for his or their duly demanding the faid rates or duties of the refpecftive perfons # charged therewith, within ten days after the fame are payable by virtue of this acft, according to the directions herein contained, and alfo for his or their paying the fums by him or them received, to the receiver general of the faid rates or duties, according to the provifions of the laws in force; and if any collector fhall negledt or refufe to de- ^not'de^ mand payment of the faid lates and duties of the refpedtive per - man(j duties, fons charged therewith, or leave a demand in writing at their re* or negledt to fpedtive places of 1 aft abode, within the time herein limited, or execute war-in cafe of default of payment thereof upon such demand, fhall rdnts ror rc“

.  ~  r r  j  }  r .  COVerV O T

neglect or rerule to execute the warrant or precept ot the com-  them'within  a

milfioners or juftices for recovering of the fame, within two ca- limited time, lendar months after the (aid rates 2nd duties are payable by this the parifh to adl, it fhall not be lawful for such collector to infert in the fche- f^r theTime^ dule, to be by the receiver general returned into the exchequer, the name of such perfon, as having made default of payment of any of the fums rated or affelTed on such perfon, but the parifh or place for which such collector fhall have been appointed, fliall be anfwerable for the fame; and no collector fhall be allowed to infert in any such fchedule the name of any perfon to be returned any fchedule into the exchequer as not having paid the rates or  duties by  this  to be returned

act granted, unlefsTuch collector fhall make oath,  or, being  one  into the ex-

of the people called Quakerr, fhall make and fubfcribe a folemn affirmation, before two commiffioners, or before one commif- defaulter un-fioner and one juftice of the peace, or before two juftices of the lefs he make peace (who refpedtively fhall certify the faid oath or affirmation oath of cer-on the faid fchedule) that the fum for which such perfon is fo particu-returned, is due and wholly unpaid, either to such colledlor, or to any other perfon or perfons for such colledfor, to the beft of his knowledge and belief, and that the perfon fo making default is unable to pay the.fame, and by reafon of his or her poverty is exempted from the acftual payment of all taxes, afteftments, or contributions towards the church and poor; or that such perfon became infolvent or bankrupt before the day on which the rates and duties became payable, and had not goods and chattels fuffi-cient whereon to raife and levy the faid rates and duties, within the parifh or place for which such collector fhall have been appointed, at any time fince the faid rates or duties became payable ; or that such perfon removed from the parifh or place for which such collector fhall have been appointed before the d~ay on which the rates or duties became payable, without leaving therein fufficient goods and chattels whereon the rates and duties then payable could be raifed and levied, and that there was not nor are any goods or chattels of any other perfon or perfons liable to the payment of the faid rates and duties in arrear, or any part > thereof, whereby the fame, or any part thereof, could or might be raifed and levied ; which oath or affirmation fhall be indorfed on such fchedule, and which fchedule fhall fpecify the names of the perfons making such default, and the reafon for returning ^ach such defaulter.

u u 2  XXI. And

638 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Gkorgii III. c. 40. [1797* Arrears of XXI. And be it further ena&ed, That any arrear of the faid re^fef^dup- rates anc^ ^utaes atifing by the default as aforesaid, or by the on the pariih. failure of any collector, for which any parifn or place in that part of Great Britain called England, fhall be anTwerable, (hall be re-affeffed and charged within and upon such parifh or place, on the amount of the afleffment which fhall be made of the faid rates and duties granted by this a<5t, in the year commencing from the fifth of April next after the time when such arrear accrued, by duly apportioning the amount of such arrear amongft the feveral perfons afTeffed in that year, according to each per-fon’s affeffment, as nearly as the cafe will admit; and by the like rules, methods, and directions by which the original affeffment was made, to be raifed and levied in such manner as any re-affeffment may by any law now in force be raifed and levied : provided always, That the fum fo to be re-affeffed fhall not be charged on the amount of any of the rates, duties, or fums of money granted by the faid a£f, paffed in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejly an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war.

If any perfon XXII. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the 01U o^the'li ^a*Ic^  ^pril  one  thousand  seven  hundred and ninety-

mitsofthe  eight, if any occupier of any dwelling-houfe in that part of

eolle<5tor  Great Britain called England, rated or afTeffed to any of the du-

without pay- ties by this a£I granted, fhall remove out of the limits of the o^leavinU fuf1 co^e(^ors °f duties afTeffed on such dwelling-houfe, without ficient^goods" Pay*ng or difcharging, or caufing to be paid or difcharged, on the pre- all the rates and duties charged upon him or her in refpeCt of such mifes, he fhall dwelling-houfe, and which fhall then be due and payable, or without leaving in or upon such dwelling-houfe fufficient goods and chattels whereon the faid rates and duties in arrear may be raifed and levied, every such perfon fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay, over and above the faid rates and duties fo left unpaid as aforesaid, the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as by this a£I is diredled.

XXIII.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the faid fifth day April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no goods or chattels whatever, lying and being in or upon any dwelling-houfe in that part of Great Britain called England, or any of the offices thereunto belonging, which fhall have been rent^o^ofThe rate^ or afTeffed to any of the duties by this a£i granted, fhall be King, unleis liable to be taken by virtue of any execution, or other procefs, the party fhall warrant, or authority, except at the fuit of the landlord for dertake to Ua" rent’ (ot^er at  °f the King), on any account or

the arrearsPretence whatever, unlefs the party at whose fuit the faid execu-duty, not ex- tion or feizure fhall be fued out or made, fhall, before the fale or ceeding a removal of such goods from off the premifes by virtue of such year s.  execution or feizure, undertake in writing to pay to the collec-

tor or colle&ors of the faid duties, all arrears of the fame duties which fhall be due in refpecl of the premifes at the time of taking such goods or chattels by virtue of such execution or feizure ; provided such duties fhall not be in arrear for more than

one

lorreit 201.

No goods to be taken by virtue of any procefs, except at the fuit of the

1 rll nrd for

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 40.  639

one year; and in cafe the faid duties {hall be in arrear for more than one year, then the faid party at whose fuit such execution or feizure is fued out or made, paying the faid colledor or collectors the aforefaid duties due in refped of the premifes for one whole year, may proceed to execute his judgment, or proceed in his feizure as he might have,done before the making of this act; but in cafe of refufal to pay the faid duties, the faid codec- ^ cafe of re-tor or collectors are hereby authorifed and required to diftrain [h/dati^^the such goods or chattels, and proceed to fale thereof,. according colle&orsmay to the laws now in force, in order to obtain payment of the faid diftrain and duties in arrear for one year; and all remedies, advantages, fed the goods, powers, methods, and things, which by any ad or ads con- &c* cerning bankrupts, or concerning the method of recovering rent in arrear, are given and granted to any creditors, Jeffors, or landlords refpedively, and all the powers and proviiions of an ad, palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon dijlreffes to be made by warrants of jujlices of the peace, and alfo of another ad, palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft to authorife jujlices of the peace to impofe fines upon confables, ovetfeers, and other peace or parijh officers, for negleft of duty, and on jnajlers of apprentices for ill ufage of such their apprentices; and alfo to make provifion jor the execution of warrants of difrefs granted by magif-trates, as far as the fame relate to the execution of warrants of diftrefs granted by juftices of the peace, fhall be ufed and prac-tifed by the refpedive commiffioners for executing this ad, and by any colledor, furveyor, or infpedor of the faid rates and duties, adling under the authority of the faid commiffioners, for recovering and fecuring any arrears of the faid rates and duties (over and above the powers, remedies, rules, and regulations, contained in any ad or ads relative to the duties hereby repealed, or in (his ad) as fully and effedually as if the fame remedies, advantages, powers, provifions, methods, and things, were particularly and leverally repeated by and re-enaded in this ad.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Commiffion-paffing of this ad, every perfon appointed or to be appointed to ^]]^v^PettlC put this ad in execution as a commiffioner, or any juffice of the Qat^ .  *

peace executing the office of a commiffioner, before he {hall ad as a commiffioner in execution thereof, or fhall execute the office of such commiffioner (except in adminiftering the oath herein-afrer expreffed), fhall take, and he is hereby required to take the following oath; (that is to fay),

* T A. B. do fwear, That I will truly, faithfully, impartially,

X and honeftly, according to the beft of my {kill and knowledge, execute the feveral powers and authorities repofed in me as a commiffioner, by the feveral ads relative to the duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and that I will judge and determine upon all appeals, and

u V 3  all

640 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 40. [1797.

all other matters and things which (hall be brought before me as a commiffioner under the faid feveral adts, and every or any of them, without favour or affedlion.

So help me GOD/

which may be Which oath any one of the perfons appointed to put this act in b^a^ormrdf execut^on as a commiflloner, or any juftice of the peace in the fiLero^f.’county> riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where the af-tice although feflirtent is to be made, is hereby authorifed to adminifter, al-he has not though the faid perfon adminiftering the fame hath not himfelf taken it. previoufly taken the oath : and which oath fo taken, (hall be fub-Oath to be fcribed by the party taking the fame ; and the names of all the and^the°names Per^ons f° fubfcribing (hall, within one month afterwards, be offuchfub- tranfmitted to the office of the commiffioners for the affairs of {bribers to be taxes at Somerfet Place, in the county of Middlefexy by the clerk tranfmitted to 0f the general meeting of the commiflioners, or the clerks of the tax office. tjle ffivifion meetings refp.e£Hvely ; and if any perfon (hall, from for aanc* a^ter ^a^ ^ay ^Pri^ one thousand seven hundred commiffioner an^ ninety-eight, prefume to adt as a commiflioner in execution without hav- of any of the adls relative to the duties under the management ing taken the of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, (except in adrni-oat^*  niftering the faid oath), before he (hall have taken the fame oath

herein mentioned, he (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

No perfon to XXV. And be it further enadted, That nothing in this adt t^hf^the* contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorife oath of all e- any perfon to adt in the execution of this a 61, without fir ft tak-giance, &c. ing the oath of allegiance, fupremacy, and abjuration, or taking and fubfcribing the declaration of fidelity, required by any law now in force to be taken or made and fubfcribed in the manner

A (Terrors to take the following oath;

and in the cafes therein prefcribed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every perfon appointed or to be appointed an affefFor of the faid rates and duties granted by this a6>, {hall, and he is hereby required to take an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, to make and fubfcribe a folemn affirmation, in the following form ; (that is to fay), v

* T A. B. do fwear, [or, affirm, as the cafe may require], That JL in the affeffment which I am required to make by authority of the feveral adts relative to the duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, and now in force, I will adt faithfully and honeftly, and without favour or affedtion, according to the beft of my (kill and knowledge.

So help me GOD/

which two Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commiffioners ma11IadminfrS^n t^ie county’ rising, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where £tei\ a mim~ the afleflinents are to be made, are hereby authorifed and required to adminifier; and if any perfon fo to be appointed affef-for as aforesaid, from and after the faid fifth day of April one

thousand

-^

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 40.  641

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, fhall prefume to a cl in 5°1- penalty the execution of the faid office or employment of an afteffor be- ^atoTor ^ fore he {hall have taken the faid oath or affirmation, (as the cafe wjthout tak-fhall require), he fhall forfeit and pay for every such offence the ing the oath, fum of fifty pounds.

XXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no- No commif-thing in this ad contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to ex- honer to act in tend, to authoriTe any perfon to ad as a commiffioner in the ex-ecution of this aft, or any of the powers herein contained, with- Grand," or in the city of London, and liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grandy nor Weftminfter, within the city and liberty of Wcfiminfler, without taking the without tak-oath, or making and fubfcribing the affirmation, of his qualifi- ^goath^0"* cation, in the form following (that is to fay),  g  ’

c T A. B. do fwear, [or, affirm, as the cafe may require], That

X truly and bona fide, I have such an eftate, confuting of [fpecifying the fame~\ of the clear value of two thousand pounds, over and above what will fatisfy and difcharge all my debts.

So help me GOD.’

Which oath or affirmation any one of the perfons qualified and appointed to ad as a commiffioner within the city of London, the liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, or within the city and liberty of Weflminjler refpedively, is hereby.authorifed to admi-nifter, although the faid perfon adminiftering the fame hath not himfelf previoufly taken the fame oath, or made or fubfcribed the fame affirmation ; and if any perfon fliall, from and aftei; the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, prefume to ad as a commiffioner in the execution of this a£t, or any of the powers herein contained, within the city of London and liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand^ or within the city and liberty of Weflminjler, (except in adminiftering the faid oath or affirmation laffc mentioned), before he fhall have taken such oath, or made such affirmation, as is before directed, he fhall

which may be adminiftered by any commiffioner of those di ft riffs.

Penalty of 200I. for acting without taking the oath.

forfeit for every such offence the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That ^r^rcW^e if, according to the opinion of any of the juftices, judges, or in a cafe trani'-barons, in any of the courts at Wejiminjler, or in the court of mitted to a feffion or court of exchequer in Scotland, to whom any cale hath juftice, &c. been or (hall, at the requeft of the appellant or appellants, be  “

tranfmitted in purfuance of any of the diredions contained in party fhall pay the faid ads, or any of them, the charge or furcharge upon which 40s. cofts to the queftion contained in such cafe fhall have arifen, fhall, after his Majelly. the paffing of this ad, be confirmed and eftablifhed, the. perfon or perfons fo charged or furcharged fhall, for the cofts and charges attending the fame, pay, to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of forty {hillings, in addition to the charge or furcharge, or the part thereof, fo confirmed and eftablifhed as aforefaid; and which cofts fhall be added to such affeffment, and levied and colleded therewith, and as part of the rates and duties fo affeffed.

U U 4  4  XXIX*  PrO-

642.

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c.

je&ing the parties to

—........-  —  —  -  4o-  [i797'

Commiffion- XXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if the theSpmioiTof comm^lon^rs before whom any appeal (hall be depending, (hall, any of the  previous to their determination thereupon, be defirous of obtain-

judges, See.  ing the opinion of any of the faid juftices, judges, or barons,

in matters of \n any matter of law arifing upon such appeal, it dial] be lawful oTar^a^eal ^or t^,e commilTioners to date fpecially, aftdr communicating on bating the* £o £be party complaining, such intended ftatement, and fign tlie cafe fpecially, cafe upon which the doubts of the faid commiffioners arofe~; and without fub- the faid commiflioners are hereby required to adjourn the determination of such appeal until the opinion of such juftice, judge, or baron, (hall be obtained ; and every such juftice, judge, or baron, is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfvver to such cafe fo transmitted, with his opinion fubferibed thereto, which opinion fo certified (hall have the force and effedf of a determination in a court of record, and the faid commif-ftoners, nor the party appealing,- fhall not be.fubjeft to any cofts in refpe<ft of the cafe fo tranfmitted.

XXX. And whereas hy divers of the faid adls for granting feve~ ral of the faid duties hereby repealed, it was provided, that during the fpace of te?i years then next enfuing, there Jhouid be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid refpeflive duties Jhouid, together with such other duties which were refpediively granted for the purposes of making a permanent addition to the public reve~ nue, and of defraying any increafed charge occafioned by certain loans made, and flock created, by authority of parliament^ Jhouid be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Ma-jefly, his heirs or fuccejfors, upon any account whatever; be it therefore further enadfed, That during the remainders of the refpec-tive periods of ten years, to be computed from the refpeclive times of granting;; such of the faid duties as aforesaid, there fhall

O  O  #  7

be fepar2tely entered in the books provided and kept in the faid office of the auditor of the faid receipt, for the purposes aforesaid, at the end of every quarter of a year, ending the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Offober^ yearly, the proportions herein-after mentioned of the faid duties hereby granted for the purpose of fup-plying the feveral accounts of the faid rates and duties hereby repealed ; (that is to fay), There (hail be referved out of the duties hereby granted, in the confolidated fund, for the general account exifting prior to the fifth day of April one thousand fe-ven hundred and ninety-three, one fourth part of the feveral fums of three hundred and twenty-seven thousand nine hundred pounds, and five hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, being refpedfively the average annual amounts, for three years preced-* ing the fifth day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-seven, of the rates and duties hereby repealed, which were granted by feveral a<5Is, patted in the fixth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and one fourth part of the further fum of one hundred and forty-eight thousand fix hundred pounds, being the average annual amount, for the faid '  ■'  period.

Duties to he entered in the books in the office o' the auditor in certain proportions.

 *

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii 111. c. 40.

period, of the rates aqd duties hereby repealed, which were granted by an ad, palled in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty; and that after referving such fourth part of the faid feveral fums of money, the remainder thereof {hall, at the end of each such quarter, be entered in the feparate accounts direded to be kept in the office of the faid auditor, in the proportion herein-after prefcribed ; (that is to fay), In the feparate account directed to be kept by feveral ads palled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, out of the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, contained in fchedule A. one fourth part of the annual fum of thirty-lix thousand pounds ; Out of the duties on inhabited houfes, contained in fchedule B. one fourth part of the annual fum of fourteen thousand eight hundred and fixty pounds, being the amounts of ten pounds per centum granted on the produce of certain of the faid duties hereby repealed by adds palled in the faid laid-mentioned year; and • in the feparate account directed to be kept by feveral ads palfed in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, out of the faid duties on houfes, windows, and lights, one fourth part of the annual fums of thirty-fix thousand pounds, and fifty-one thousand five hundred pounds; and out of the faid duties on inhabited houfes, one fourth part of the annual fum of fourteen thousand eight hundred and fixty pounds, being the amounts of ten pounds per centmn granted on the produce of certain other of the faid duties hereby repealed, by an ad palfed in the faid Jalt-mentioned year; and in the feparate account directed to be kept as aforesaid, by feveral ads palfed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of hfs prefent Majesty, the remainder of the rates and duties by this ad granted, as the fame fhall refpedively arife at the end of each such quarter*

SCHEDULE

Annoregni tricefimooftavoGEORGii III. c. 40. [1797,

SCHEDULE. A.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for every dwell-ing-houfe inhabited or to be inhabited within England and Scotland refpe&ively, according to the number of windows or lights in each dwelling-houfe.

NUMBER of WINDOWS, according Ur which the Dwelling-houfe {hall be charged.  DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-houfe in England.  DUTIES lobe paid for every Dwelling-houfe in Scotland.

Not more than fix windows or lights (except  £. s. d.  £. s. d.

fuch inhabited dwelling-houfes which {hall be worth the rent of five pounds by the year, and fhall be charged to the rate or duty herein mentioned, according to the    

rent thereof) -  — 46  0 26

Not more than fix windows or lights, if of the value before-mentioned, and charged    

to the faid rate or duty accordingly     6 0  040

Seven windows or lights and no more  — 14 6  0 12 6

Eight windows or lights and no more  1 10  0 19 0

Nine windows or lights and no more  1 70  I 50

Ten windows or lights and no more  1 14 0  112 0

Eleven windows or lights and no more  240  2 2 0

Twelve windows or lights and no more  2 16 0  2 14 O

Thirteen windows or lights and no more  280  360

Fourteen windows or lights and no more  400  3 18 0

Fifteen windows or lights and no more  4 12 o'  4 10 0

Sixteen windows or lights and no more  5 4°  5 20

Seventeen windows or lights and no more  <5 16 0  5 HO

Eighteen windows or lights and no more  680  660

Nineteen windows or lights and no more  7 00  6180

Twenty windows or lights and no more  7 12 0  7 10 0

Twenty-one windows or lights and no more  840  8 20

Twenty-two windows or lights and no more  8 16 0  8 14 0

Twenty-three windows or lights and no more  9 So  960

Twenty-four windows or lights and no more  10 00  9 18 0

Twenty-five windows or lights and no more  10 12 0  10 10 0

Twenty-fix windows or lights and no more  t-t  K>  O  11 00

Twenty-seven windows or lights and no more  II 12 0  11 10 0

Twenty-eight windows or lights and no more  12 2 0  1200

Twenty-nine windows or lights and no more  12 12 0  12 10 0

Thirty windows or lights and no more  13 2 °  13 o 0

Thirty-one windows or lights and no more  13 12 O  13 10 0

Thirty-two windows or lights and no more  14 2 0  14 0 0

Thirty-three windows or lights and no more  14 12 O  14 10 0

Thirty-four windows or lights and no more  15 2 O  15 0 0

Thirty-five windows or lights and no more  15 12 0  15 10 0

Thirty-fix

NUMBER of WINDOWS, according to which the Dwelling-houfe Ihall be charged.  DUTIES to be paid for ever)' Dwelling* houle in England.    DUTIES to lie paid for every Dwelling-110 ule in . Scotland.  

  £.■  J. d  £■  s. d.

Thirty-fix windows or lights and no more  16  0 0  '5  j8 0

Thirty-seven windows or lights and no more  16  8' 0  16  6 0

Thirty-eight windows or lights and no more  16  16 0  16  14 0

Thirty-nine windows or lights and no more Forty and not more than forty-four windows  ‘7  4 0  l7  2 0

or lights - -Forty-five and not more than forty-nine  *7  10 0  ■7  8 0

windows or lights Fifty and not more than fifty-four windows  l9  0 0  18  18 0

or lights -Fifty-five and not more than'fifty-nine win-  20  10 0  20.  8 0

dows or lights Sixty and not more than fixty-fout windows  22  0 0  21  18 0

or lights - -Sixty-five and not more than fixty-nine win-  23  0  0  *-»  23  8 0

dows or lights Seventy and not more than feventy-four  25  0 0  24  0  00

windows or lights Seventy-five and not more than feventy-nine  26  10 0  26  8 0

windows or lights ,  Eighty and not more than eighty-four win-  28  0 0  27  18 0

dows or lights Eighty-five and not more than eighty-nine  29  10 0  29  8 0

windows or lights Ninety and not more than ninety-four win-  3i  0 0  3°  18 0

dows or lights - -Ninety-five and not more than ninety-nine  32  10 0  32  8 0

windows or lights One hundred and not more than one hun-  34  0 0  33  18 0

dred and nine windows or lights One hundred and ten and not more than one  37  0 0  36 l8 O  

hundred and nineteen windows or lights One hundred and twenty and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine windows or  40  0 0  39  18 0

lights ' -One hundred and thirty and not more than one hundred and thirty-nine windows or  43  0 6  42  18 0

lights - -One hundred and forty and not more than one hundred and forty-nine windows or  46  0 0  45  18 0

lights -One hundred and fifty and not more than one  49  0 0  48 l8 O  

hundred and fifty-nine windows or lights One hundred and fixty and not more than one  S2  0 0  5i  18 0

hundred and fixty-nine windows or lights  55  0 0  54  18 0 One

    Hasted-by    Goo

NUMBERS of WINDOWS, according to which the Dwelling-houfe (hall be charged.  DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-houfe in England.  DUTIES to be paid for every Dwelling-houfe in Scotland.

One hundred and feventy and not more than one hundred and feventy-nine windows or  £• s.  £• s.

lights -One hundred and eighty window's or lights,  O  O  CO  LO  57 18 0

and upwards And for every such dwelling hcufe which fhall contain more than one hundred and eighty windows or lights, for every window or light exceeding the number of one  61 0 0  60 18 0

hundred and eighty  0 26  026

The faid feveral rates and duties to be charged in refpecft of every inhabited dwelling-houfe, without any other or further exemption being allowed than such as are contained and expreilly provided in and by this ad, notwithftanding any former ftatute or flatutes to the contrary.

SCHEDULE. B.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable on all inhabited dwelling-houfes within and throughout Great Britain according to the value thereof.

For every inhabited houfe in Great Britain, which, with the houfehold and other offices, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, are or fhall be worth the rent by the year, there be charged the yearly fums following 5 videlicet,

Five pounds and under twenty pounds rent by the year Twenty pounds and under forty pounds rent by the year  -  -  -

Forty pounds rent by the year and upwards

In the Pound.

£■ s- d.

OOS

OIO O I 3

The faid laft-mentioned rates and duties to be charged on the occupier or occupiers of every such inhabited houfe, and to be fubjedl to all the exemptions contained in any a<ft or acts in force, for granting the duties on inhabited houfes hereby repealed, but to no other or further exemptions whatever, notwithftanding any ftatute or ftatutes to the contrary.

C A P.

1797*] Anno regQi tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 41.  647

C A P; XLI

An adl for repealing the duties upon male fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majefly other duties in lieu thereof. — [May 10, 1798.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the prefent mode of charging feparately the feveral Preamble.

rates and duties payable upon male fervants, carriages, horfes, mules,  and the additional rates charged upon ■ the amount

thereof under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, has been found inconvenient: and whereas it is expedient that the faid feveral rates and duties floould be repealed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof and that further provifion floould be made for enforcing a due collision of the faid duties: we, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do' moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled bv the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and From April 5, after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ties uporfmale eight, all and fingular the rates and duties upon male fervants, fervants, car-carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, and alfo all and fingular the riages, horles, additional rates and duties charged upon the amount of the faid a£d dogs, and rates and duties, (hall fever ally ceafe and determine, fave and ^uetj^s 0lnth^ except in all cafes relating to the demanding, recovering, receiv- amountthere-ing, or paying, any arrears thereof refpedlively, which may, on of, to ceafe; 1 the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, remain unpaid, or any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpeblively, which fhall have been incurred at any time before the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

II.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the faid and in lieu fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,  ^  e

in lieu and inftead of the faid rates and duties by this a£I repealed, the annexed there (hall be a fie-fie d, raifed, levied, and paid, unto and for the fcliedules to ufe of his Majesty, hia heirs and fucceftors, upon all male fervants he levied, retained or employed by any perfon or perfons in the feveral capacities mentioned in an a<£t palled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and upon all carriages kept by any perfon or perfons, and upon all horfes, mares, or geldings, kept and ufed by any perfon or perfons for riding, or for the purpose of drawing any such carriage, and upon all other horfes, mares, and geldings, and upon all mules and dogs kept bv any perfon or perfons, the feveral yearly rates and duties refpeblively mentioned, defcribed, and fet forth, in the feveral fchedujes hereunto annexed; which feveral fcliedules, and the rules therein contained, (hall be deemed and conftrued a part of this abt, as if the fame were incorporated therewith.

III. And

Hosted, by  oogle

Times of payment of duties in England ;

and in Scotland.

Commiflion-

III.  And be it further enabled, That the faid feveral rates and duties by this ad granted in that part of Great Britain called England^ fhall be paid quarterly, on the days herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay. On the twentieth day of June for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of April and ending on the fifth day o {July, the twentieth day of Septe?nber for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of July and ending on the tenth day of October) the twentieth day of December for the quarter commencing from the tenth day of October and ending on the fifth day of January, and the twentieth day of March for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of January and ending on the fifth day of April, in every year; the firft payment thereof to be made on the twentieth day of June onethousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

IV.  And be it further enaded, That the faid feveral rates and duties by this ad granted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be paid half yearly ; that is to fay, On or before the twenty-ninth day of September for the half year commencing from the term of Whitfunday and ending at the term of Martinmas in the fame year, and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March for the half year commencing from the term of Martimnas' and ending at the term of Whitfunday next enfuing; the firft payment thereupon to be made on the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven .hundred and ninety-eight.

V.  And be it further enaded, That all and every the perfons tax°and\he namec^ or appointed to be commiflioners for putting in execution Purveyors, an ad of the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aff for afleffors, and granting an aid to his Mo'jefy by a land tax, for the fervice of the collectors, ap -year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty or who (hall here-the^Cts relaC1 a^fer named or appointed commiflioners for putting in executive to the tion any other ad or ads of parliament for granting an aid to his rates herein Majesty, by a land tax in Great Britain, or any ad of the prefent repealed, or or future feflion for continuing the fame, fhall be commiflioners

V°toe ^or executmg this a<9:, with relation to the rates and duties hereby put this a Cl in granted, and the powers herein contained, in all and every the execution. counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, ftewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpedively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and the feveral furveyors and infpedors, aflel-fors and colledors refpedively, appointed to put in execution any of the faid ads, relative to the faid rates and duties hereby granted, and the feveral perfons who fhall hereafter be appointed infpedors, furveyors, afleflors, or colleClors refpedively, by virtue of the powers contained in the feveral ads of parliament now in force relative to the faid rates and duties hereby repealed, (and which powers are hereby declared to continue in force for the purposes of this ad), or by virtue of the powers contained in this aCt, or any other ad palled or to be pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament, fhall be infpedors, furveyors, afleflors, and colledors, to put in execution the prefent aCl, with relation to the duties hereby granted, according to the powers given to them refpec-tively by the faid ads, or any of them, (and not hereby altered),

or

x797*l Anno regni tricefimo oCtavo Georgii III. c. 41.  649

or by this aCt; and the faid commiffioners, and other the perfons qualified to aCt in the execution of any of the faid aCts, fhall, and they are hereby refpeCtively empowered and required to do all things necefiary for putting this aCt in execution, with relation to the rates and duties hereby granted, as before mentioned, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner, as they, or any of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid aCts relative to the faid rates and duties hereby repealed, or any matter or thing therein refpeCtively contained.

VI.  And be it further enaCfed, That within the bills of mor-  mor

tality, the parities of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, in ta]jt

the county of Middlefex, the appointment of collectors of the Mary-le-rates and duties .hereby granted, (hall belong wholly to such of bone, and the commilfioners for executing this act, who (hall refide in the f>ancfas, the parifhes for which such collectors refpeCtively are to be appointed, q? collectors in cafe there (hall be two or more commiffioners there refident, to belong to and no other commiffioners (hall in such cafe interfere; and it the refident fliall be lawful for the faid commiffioners for executing this aCt, commifiion-and refiding within the refpeCtive parifhes as aforesaid, to appointtrs* such perfons to be collectors who (hall have given fecurity to the fatisfaCtion of the churchwardens and overfeers, or guardians of the poor, or any two or more of them, or any seven of more of the veftry, where a feleCt veftry {hall be appointed as aforesaid, and who {hall be thought by the faid commiffioners to be of ability to execute the office of collector; and that in default of appointing such perfons who {hall have given such fecurity, then the faid commiffioners refiding as aforefaid fhall name such perfons as they (ball think of ability to execute the faid office: provided always. That where two or more commiffioners (hall not be refident in any parifh for which collectors are to be appointed, then a commiffioner or commiffioners refiding in any adjacent parifh may concur in the appointment of such collectors.

VII.  And be it further enaCted, That the faid feveral rates and Duties to be

be

afleflcd and

duties by this aCt granted, fhall feverally and refpeCtively ^ collected as aftefled, raifed, levied, collected, and received, in such and the 0ther duties like form and manner, and with such penalties, forfeitures, and under the ma-difabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, nagement ot and with such exceptions and exemptions, as are prefcribed and f^er^of appointed by any aCt or aCts now in force for affeffing, raifing,

levyi

'ins-

collecting,

recovering, and paying the rates and duties

taxes, &c*

hereby repealed, or any other duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, as far as the fame were in force at and immediately before the time of paffing this aCt, and are feverally and refpeCtively applicable to the rates and duties hereby granted, or any of them, or according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are or maybe prefcribed and appointed by any aCt or aCts, paffed or to be paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament, for any of the purposes herein-before expreffed ; and that all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any aCt or aCts in relation to the faid refpeCtive rates or

duties

Horfes provided for volunteer corps not liable to duty.

650 Anno regni tricefimo o&aVo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

duties hereby repealed, or any of them, and in force at and immediately before the patting of this or in any a61 or a&s patted or to be patted in this fettlon of parliament, for the att'etting, raifing, levying, collecting, and paying the rates and duties hereby repealed, or any other the rates and duties under the management of the committioners for the affairs of taxes, fhall be in full force, and be feverally and refpedHvelv duly obferved, pradiifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the afletting, raifing, levying, collecting, and paying the feveral rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofts, as if the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enated, That no perfon who fhall ferve in any volunteer corps raifed by virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force, and fhall provide a horfe, mare, or gelding, for such fervice, or who fhall at his or her expence furnifh a horfe, mare, or gelding, for any perfon ferving in any such corps as aforesaid, (hall be charged or chargeable tor such horfe, mare, or gelding, with the duties by this a cl impofed.

In certificates IX. Provided always, and be it further enated, That in the ot command- certificate of the commanding officer of the corps or troop in such°corps^ °  any  such  perfon as aforefaid fhall ferve, not only the feve-

ral perfons who (hall ferve, but alfo the feveral perfons who fhall furnifh any horfes, mares, or geldings, for any other perfons ferving in any such-corps, fhall be inferted $ and that affidavits of the feveral perfons ferving in such corps, for whom any horfes, mares, or geldings, fhall be furnifhed, declaring by whom refpec-tively the fame are furnifhed, fhall in every such cafe be annexed to such certificate.

X.  And be it further enated, That every perfon who fhall have retained or employed any male fervant or fervants, or kept any carriage, horfe, mule, or dog, in the courfe of the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and 179S, by June ninety-eight, fhall, on or before the thirtieth day of 'June one rnakc^out*ifts t^10U^in^ (even hundred and ninety-eight, without any previous notice for that purpose, caufe to be prepared true and particular lifts in writing, figned by such perfon, or on his or her behalf, which lifts fhall feverally be made out in the forms prescribed in the fchedule annexed to this acl, and fhall contain the parifh or place, a-nd parifhes or places, where such perfon fhall refide; and

i corps the per Ions ferving, and the perfons providing horfes ior others, to be inferted.

Perfons keep ing male fervants, &c. in the year end ing April 5,

in the forms preferibed in the annexed fchedule, con-tainingeertain particulars.

one of such lifts (hall aifo contain the greateft number of mate fervants retained or employed by such perfons at any time in the courfe. of-the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any of the capacities mentioned in an a6l, patted in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and charged with any duty by the faid a<St ; another of the faid lifts fhall contain the greateft number of carriages mentioned or deferibed in another a6l, patted in the faid

twenty-

 CjOO^Ic

1797*1 Annoregnitricefimoodtavo Georgii III. c.4.1.  651

twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, kept by such. perfon at any one time within the like period, and charged with any duty by the faid a& laft-mentioned, difting’uifhing the number of such carriages with four wheels from the number of such car^ riages with lei's than four wheels, and alfo from the number of such carriages liable as taxed carts; another of the faid lifts (hall contain the greateft number of horfes, mares, or geldings, mentioned or defcribed in an act, pafled in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, kept by such perfon at any one time for any the ufes and purposes in the faid a6t mentioned, within the like period, and charged with any duty by the faid $ another of such lifts fhall contain the greateft number of horfes, mares, or geldings, mentioned or defcribed in an a6t, pafled in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and charged with any duty by the laid a6l, and alfo the greateft number of mules kept by such perfon at any one time within the like period ; and another lift (ball contain the greateft: number of dogs kept by such perfon within the like period, diftinguifhing therein any greyhound, hound, pointer, fetting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, of terrier, from any other dog, where one dog only fhall be kept by such perfon; and every such perfon refiding within the limits of To whom the city of London, the city or liberty of Wejlminjler, the weekly are t0 be bills of mortality, the parilhes of Saint Mary-le-bone, or Saintvere * Pancras, in the county of Middlefex, or the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, fhall, within the period before preferred, caufe such lifts to be delivered at the chief office of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or to such perfon or perfons, and at such place or places, as the faid commiffioners (hall appoint ; and every such perfon refiding in any part otGreat Britain, without the limits aforesaid, fhall caufe such lifts to be delivered to the furveyor of the faid rates and duties for the dfftri£t where such perfon fhall refide, or to such other perfon or perfons, and at such place or places, within such diftridl, as the faid furveyor, with the approbation of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them, fhall appoint; and every Afieflment to such perfon fhall be liable to be afleffed and charged, Tor the year be for the in which such lift fhall or ought to be delivered, according to t^le greateft number of such fervants, carriages, horfes, (mares or vants geldings), mules, and dogs, retained, employed, kept, or ufed as kept within aforesaid, by such perfon within the period in such lift mentioned'; the year, and if any perfon required by this a6t to deliver such lift as afore- 50I. penalty faid, fhall negle£t to deliver any such lift, or (hall wilfully omit  deli*

any defeription which ought to be contained therein according  lts>

to this ahe or (he fo offending fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.  *

XI.  Provided always, That no perfon fhall be compelled to P£rf°ns not

travel, for the delivery of any lift, in pursuance of this a61, to a tra^efmore^ greater diftance from the place of his or her habitation than ten than 10 miles miles, or to the market town neareft thereto.  to deliver

XII.  And be it further enadled, That every perfon who, fromlifts*

and after the fifth day of April one thousand (even hundred and Perfonsbegin*

Vot.XLI.  Xx



65*

to k?ep male fervan's, &c. within 20 days to give a notice containing certain particulars:

_fol. penalty for default.

Perfons having divers places of refidence, to deliver lifts at each where he intends to pay duty for any fervants, See. containing the whole number kept, Sec*

col. penalty for default.

Anno regni tncefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

ninety-eight, (hall begin to retain or employ any such male fervant, or keep or ufe any such carriage, horfe, mule, or dog, (fuch fervant, carriage, horfe, mule, or dog, not being in the place or {lead of any former one liable to the like duty), (hall, within twenty days after he or fhc (hall begin to retain or employ such fervant, or to keep or ufe such carriage, horfe, mule, or dog, caufe notice thereof to be given at the chief office of the faid commiffioners or furveyors for the diftrieft, as the cafe fball require, and of the number of such fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, and the parifh or place where such perfon (hall refide, deferibing in such notice every fervant retained or employed by such perfon by his proper name, and the feveral capacities in which such fervants reflectively (hall be retained or employed, and alfo deferibing every such carriage by its ufual name and deferip-tion, diftinguifhing the number of wheels belonging to each such carriage and alfo diftinguifhing each such carriage liable as a taxed cart, and alfo deferibing every such horfe, mare, or gelding, diftin-guifhing the horfes mentioned or described in the faid aCt paffed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, from the horfes mentioned or deferibed in the faid a6t pafTed in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and alfo deferibing every mule or dog kept by such perfon, diftinguifhing the kind of dog, where one dog only (hall be kept by such perfon as aforefaid; and if any perfon required by this ad to deliver such lift as laft aforefaid fhall negledl to deliver any such lift, or (hall wilfully omit any defeription which ought to be contained'rherein, according to this a<ft, he or (he fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That every perfon required by this aCl to deliver such lift as aforesaid, having divers places of refidence as aforesaid, fhall be obliged to deliver such lift at each of such places of refidence where such perfon intends to pay the duties for any such fervants, carriages, horfes, (mares or geldings), mules, or dogs, and to infert in every such lift the whole number of fervants retained or employed by such perlon, and of carriages, horfes, mares, or geldings, mules, and dogs, kept by such perfon within the kingdom of Great Britain; and fhall alfo, in every such lift, fpecify the particular number of each defeription refpedtively intended to be paid for within the limits of the diftri<ft where such lift fhall be delivered ; and (hall alfo at the fame time make his or her declaration, to be inferted in (uch lift, and figned by him or her, fpecifying the particular counties or county, and parifhes or parifh, wherein each such place of his or her refidence is fituate, and alfo the particular counties or county, and parifhes or parifh, wherein any of his or her fervants, carriages, horfes, mares, or geldings, mules, or dogs, are kept, and the refpedlive numbers of1 each defeription kept in luch parifhes or places refpedlively, and where rhe fame, or any of them, are intended to be paid for, if the fame, or any of them, are intended to be paid for at any other of those parifhes or places refpe&ively, than the parifh or place where such lift fhall be delivered or given as aforesaid, on pain that every perfon offend-

1797-] Annoregnl tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 41.  653

ing in any of the particulars before-mentioned (ball, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

XIV.  And be it further enabled, That every perfon liable to Perfons to de-deliver any such lift as aforesaid, fhall, yearly, (that is to fay),^ve^j betav^en Between the fifth day of April and the thirtieth day of May, in May 50, year-every year, after such perfon (hall have delivered such lift, or ly, lifts of the ought fo to have done, in purfuance of this a<ft, and he and fheSre;lteft num-is hereby required to caufe to be prepared, and to be delivered

at one of the refpedlive offices before-mentioned, as the cafe fhall j^pf. Gne require, a true and particular lift of the greateft number of such time in the fervants retained or employed, and of carriages, horfes, mules, Year in which and dogs, kept by such perfon at any one time in the courfe of^^eJej. s the year in which the former lift was delivered, or ought to havevcrecj. been fo delivered as aforesaid, which lifts fhall be prepared in the forms before prefcribed, and according to the directions of this ad in refpeci thereof, and fhall renew the fame in the fame manner in every year, fo long as such perfon fhall be liable to the faid rates and duties, or any of them, on pain that every perfon offending in any of the faid particulars laft-mentioned, fhall f forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.  °r e 111

XV.  And be it further enadfed, That every perfon who fhall Persons deli-deliver any such lift duly prepared and filled up, according to the receive re-directions of this aCb, to the furveyor or infpeCtor, or other perfon ceiptsforthem to be appointed by the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, fhall in the form in be entitled to receive, from the perfon to whom such lift fhall annexed be delivered in purfuance of this aCt, an indented receipt figned *c edu e*

by such furveyor or infpeftor, or other perfon aforesaid, acknowledging the delivery of a lift from the perfon by or on whose behalf the fame fhall be prepared as aforesaid, which receipt fhall be made out in the form in the fchedule to this aCl annexed ; and the fame fhall be received and taken as proof of the delivery of a lift in purfuance of this ad, in any court, or before any perfon or perfons, and in all cafes whatever; and if any perfon 2°b penalty receiving any such lift under the authority of this a£t, fhall neg- ferine re- ~ leCt or refufe to deliver an indented receipt as hereby is directed, CeipLS. every such perfon fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pouuds.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it further enaCled, That the Penalty for

penalty by this aCl impofed, for omitting in the lift: hereby re- Hfts^oUobe quired to be delivered, any fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, or fuedforwhere dogs, which ought to have been returned as aforesaid, fhall not the parties be fued or profecuted for, againft any perfon or perfons whatever, have been fur-in any cafe where such perfon or perfons, before the commence-  fufts

ment of such fuit or profecution, fhall have been furcharged and

afieffed in double the duty hereby granted for such fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, or dogs.

XVII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enaCled, That nothing  ^

herein contained fhall be conftrued to vary the regulations con- tions of a<fta tained in any a£t or a<fts of parliament refpedling the lifts required refpedting de-to be delivered to the affeffor or afteffors of any parifh or place, livery of lifts

XVIII.  And be it further enabled. That every inhabitantto houfeholder qf any houfe in which there fhall be any lodger or toenter'in^3

x x 2  inmate  book account

of fervants, See. kept by lodgers, and livery liable keepers of

ing certain particulars.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

inmate refiding therein, keeping any fervant, or any carriage, horfe, mule, or dog, liable to any of the faid duties, (hall, from time to time, enter into a book an account of every fervant, and of every carriage, horfe, mule, or dog, belonging to such lodger horfes or car- or inrnate ; and every livery liable keeper or other perfon receiv-irf^at liver*" *nS anY ^or^es or carriages to Hand at livery, or delivered to him and to deliver or ^er to be kept, fhaP a^° fr°tn time to time enter into a book lifts contain- an account of every horfe or carriage {landing at livery, or kept by him or her as afore fa id; and every perfon hereby required to enter and keep such account (hall, within twenty days after the fifth day of July and the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and within twenty days after the fifth day of 'January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October in every fubfequent year, deliver a lift in writing of every such lodger or inmate refiding in the houfe of every such houfeholder, and of every proprietor of any carriage, horfe, or mule, (landing at livery, or delivered to such liable keeper or other perfon to be kept as a fore faid; and every such lift to be delivered by such houfeholder {hall, to the bed of his or her knowledge or belief, exprefs the chriflian and furname o-f every such lodger or inmate, and alfo of every fervant; and every such lift to be delivered by such liable keeper or other perfon aforesaid, fhall, to the bell of his or her knowledge or belief, exprefs the chriftian and furname of the proprietor of every such carriage, horfe, or mule; and every such lift lhall alfo contain the greateft number of fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, which any such lodger or inmate, or any such proprietor, fhall have retained or kept in the dwelling houfe or premifes of such houfeholder, liable keeper, or other perfon, to the bell of his or her knowledge or belief; and if any inhabitant houfeholder, or any liable keeper, or other perfon aforesaid, lhall negledl to keep such account, or to deliver such laft-mentioned lift, or lhall wilfully omit any defeription which ought to be contained therein, he or Ihe fo offending, lhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

XIX.  Provided always, That all perfons who lhall have returned the blank lifts delivered to them by the parifh affeflors, filled up according to the directions of this adl, with the greateft number of fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, retained by them, or by perfons lodging in their houfes, lhall not be liable to prepare and deliver in the lifts above mentioned.

XX.  And be it further enadled, That all the monies arifing by the faid rates and duties hereby impofed, the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted, lhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majelly’s exchequer, and lhali be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

XXL And whereas by divers of the faid afts for granting fever al of- the faid duties hereby repealed, it was provided, that during the /pace of ten years then next erf dng, there fioould be provided and kept, in the office of ihe auditor of the receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid refpeftive duties fhould,

together

Perfons who have returned ( blank lifts filled up not liable to deliver others.

Monies to be paid into the exchequer.

1797-} Anno regni tFicefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 41.  65$

together with such other duties which were refpeftively granted for the purpose of waking a permanent addition to the publick revenue, and of defraying any increafed charge occafioned by certain loans made and Jlock created by authority of parliament, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majejly, his heirs or JucceJfors, upon any account whatever; be it therefore further enadteci, That during the remainders of the refpedlive periods of Duties to be ten years, to be computed from the refpedlive times of granting booksthe^ such of the faid duties as aforesaid, there (hall be feparately en- 0fftce Gf the tered in the books provided and kept in the faid office of the auditor in auditor of the faid receipt, for the purposes aforesaid, at the end certain proof every quarter of a year, ending the fifth day of January, -the Portlons* fifth day of April, the fifth day of June^ and the tenth day of October^ yearly, the proportions herein-after mentioned of the faid duties hereby granted for the purpose of fupplying the feveral accounts of the faid rates and duties hereby repealed; (that is to fay), There (hall be referved in the confolidated fund, for the general account exifting prior to the fifth day of April one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-three, out of the duties hereby granted on male fervants, one fourth part of the fum of ninety-three thousand pounds ; out of the duties hereby granted on carriages, one fourth part of the fum of two hundred thousand pounds ; and out of the duties hereby granted on horfes ufed for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing certain carriages, one fourth part of the fum of one hundred and fix thousand.pounds, being refpedtively the annual average amounts, for three years preceding the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, of the rates and duties on male fervants, carriages, and horfes, ufed for the purposes aforesaid, hereby repealed ; and that after referving such fourth part of the faid feveral fums of money, arifing from the faid refpedtive duties, the remainder thereof, and alfo all other monies arifing from the duties hereby granted, (hall, at the end of each such quarter, be entered in the feparate accounts directed to be kept at the office of the faid auditor, in the proportions herein-after prefcribed ;

(that is to fay), In the feparate account directed to be kept by feveral adts, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, the fum of nine thousand three hundred and thirty pounds out of the faid duties on male fervants, the further fum of twenty thousand pounds out of the faid duties on carriages, and the further fum of ten thousand fix hundred pounds out of the faid duties on horfes ufed for the purposes aforesaid, being refpedfively the amounts of ten pounds per centum^ granted on the produce of the faid duties on such male fervants, carriages* and horfes, hereby repealed, by certain acts pafled in the faid thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty; and in the feparate account directed to be kept by feveral a£ls pafled in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, the fum of nine thousand three hundred and thirty pounds out of the faid duties on male fervants, and the further fum of twenty thousand pounds out of the faid duties on carriages, being reflectively the

x x 3  amounts

months.

656 Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

amounts of ten poundsper centum granted on the produce of the faid duties on such fervants and carriages, by certain atfts paffed in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of ids pfefent Majesty ; the further fum of one hundred and fix thousand pounds out of the faid duties on horfes ufed for the purposes aforesaid, being the eftimated produce for one year, ending the fifth day of Abril one thousand {even hundred and ninety-seven, according to the faid average amount for three years, of the former duties on such horfes; the further fum of ninety-five thousand pounds out of the faid duties-on other horfes and mules, being the a&ual produce thereof for one year, ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and the further fum of feventy thousand pounds out of the faid duties on dogs, being the adual produce thereof for one year, ending on the faid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; and on the feparate account diredled to be kept as aforesaid, by feveral a£Is pafied in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, the remainder of the rates and duties by this granted, as the fame {hall refpe£tively arife at the end of each such quarter.

Application of XXII. And be it further enabled, That one moiety of all pe-for witddcuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby impofed fhall, if fued or wi in ix w;th;n fpace Qf flx calendar months from the time of such penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who (ball inform or fue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which fhall and may be fued for in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at JVeJlminJler, for offences committed in England, or in his Majesty’s court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in Scotland\ by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eftoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; but neverthelefs it (hall be lawful for his Majesty’s attorney general in England, or his Majeftv’s advocate in Scotland, in cafe it (hall appear to his fatisfabiion that any penalty or forfeiture was incurred without intention of fraud, to ftay all further Scotland, may proceedings, by entering a noli profequi, or otherwife, with re-ftay proceed- fpe& as well to the {hare of such penalty or forfeiture claimed by inSs*  such  informer or informers, as to the {hare thereof belonging to

his Majesty.

Recovery and XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaefted, That in applicahon of cjefau}t Qf profecution within the time herein-before limited, no ^ ^  such  penalty  or  forfeiture fhall be afterwards recoverable, except

in the name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England, and of his Majesty’s advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland refpedtively, in which cafe the whole of such penalty or forfeiture fhall belong to his Ma-iVXd.cu efty, his heirs and fucceftbrs; and that all penalties and forfei-be paiXaMhe tures, and fhares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as afore-commiflioners faid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffbrs, (hall ot taxes fhall be paj<3 jnto foe hands of such perfon or perfons as the com-appomt, &c. r  miflioners

Attorney general in England, and his Majesty’s advocate in

penalties not fued for in fix months

Penalties to his Majesty to

1797*] Annoregni tricefimo odtavoGeorgii III. c. 41.  657

mifiioners for the affairs of taxes fhall appoint to receive the fame, to the ufe of his Majesty; and that in all cafes where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures {hall be recovered to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, it fhalJ be lawful for the faid commiiiioneis to caufe such reward as they (hall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture fo recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or amongft any perfon or perfons who fhall appear to them entitled thereto as informers, in refpe<5t of such penalties or forfeitures fo 'recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftandmg.  ‘  „

XXIV.  And be it further enabled, That if any aclion or fuit Limitation of fhall be brought againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done a<^io118'

in purfuance of this atf, such adlion or fuit fhall be commenced within fix months next after the fa£f committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or General IfiUe* defendants in every such adfion or fuit may plead the general ifiue, and give this acf and the fpecia] matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuired, or difeontinue his or their adtion or fuit after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any de- Treble cofU. fendant hath in any other cafes to recover cofts by law.

XXV.  And be it further enabled. That this adf may be varied, may be altered, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this prefent

fefiion of parliament*  Son*

SCHEDULE A.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for every Male Servant retained or employed by any perfon or perfons in the feveral capacities referred to in the a<5h

Number of Servants*

For one such fervant and no more -For two such fervants and no more -For three and not more than four such fervants -For fiye and not more than seven such fervants -For eight such fervants and no more For nine such fervants and no more -  -

For ten such fervants and no more -And for eleven such fervants and upwards -  -

For every such fervant retained and employed by any male perfon never having been married -

X X 4

IXTIES payability i*at'h Servant.  

&  , s. d»

1  jO 0

2  2 O

2  34 O

’ 3  6 G

3  12 G

3  l8 O

4  4 O

4  l6 Q

I  lO Oj  The;

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797.

The faid rates and duties to be paid by the matter or miftrefs of such fervants, and not to extend to any male fervant retained pr employed folely for the purposes of hufbandry, or manufactures, or of any trade or calling by which the matter or miftiefs of such fervant earns a livelihood •, and to be fubjedt to all other the exemptions contained in any adt or acts in force.

SCHEDULE B.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for every Carriage of the feveral defcriptions herein-after mentioned, kept by any perfon or perfons.

Number of Carriages.  DUTIES payable for each carriage.    

For one such carriage with four wheels and no more  X*  9  s.  12  d.  0

For two such carriages with four wheels and no more  10  4  0

For three such carriages with four wheels and no more  11  4  0

For four such carriages with four wheels and no more  11  8  0

For five such carriages with four wheels and no more  11  11  0

For fix such carriages with four wheels and no more  11  12  0

For seven such carriages with four wheels and no more  11  13  6

And for eight such carriages with four wheels and upwards -----  11  H  0

The faid rates and duties to be charged for every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife marine, chaife with four wheels, or caravan with four wheels, or any number thereof, by what-foever name or names the fame may be called or known, kept by any perfon or perfons for his or their own ufe, or to let out to hire, except as herein-after mentioned; and to be fubjedt to all the exemptions contained in any adfc or ads in force.

For every such carriage with four wheels let to hire for the purpose of travelling poft for a day, or any lefs period of time, or by the mile, or from ftage to ttage, by any pottmatter, innkeeper, or other perfon duly licenfed to let poft horfes by the com-miftioners for managing the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper, and whereon the name or names, and place of abode of the perfon or perfons fo licenfed (hall be marked or painted, according to the directions of the ad in that cafe made and provided ; and for every coach or diligence with four wheels, which (hall be kept and employed as a publick ttage coach, for the purpose of conveying paffengers for hire, to and from different places within this kingdom, and which (hall be duly entered as such with the faid laft*mentioned commiflioners -

For every such carriage with lefs than four wheels

880

440

The

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 41.

The faid lad-mentioned rate and duty to be charged on every calafh, chaife, or chair, with lefs than four wheels, or by what-foever other name or names such carriage may be called or known, kept by any perfon or perfons for his, her, or their own ufe, or to let out to hire, to be paid by the perfon or perfons keeping or ufing such carriages ; and to be fubjedt to a!2 the exemptions contained in any acd or acts in force.

S C H E D U L E C.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for all Horfes, Mares, and Geldings, kept and ufed by any perfon or perfons for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage chargeable with duty by this adt.

Number of Horfes, Mares, or Geldings.

DUTIES payable for each hori'e, mare, or gelding.

For one such horfe, mare, or gelding, and no more For two such horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more For three such horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more For four such horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more For five such horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more For fix fueh horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more For feven, and not more than eight such horfes, mares, or geldings  -  -  -

For nine such horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more  -  -  -  -

For ten and  not  more  than  twelve  such  horfes,

mares, or geldings  -

For thirteen and not more than fixteen such horfes, mares, or geldings For feventeen such horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more -For eighteen such horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more  -  -

For nineteen such horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more  ------

For twenty such horfes, mares, or geldings, or upwards  -

£■  s.  d.

I  4  0

I  16  0

2  2  0

2  5  0

2  6  0

2  10  0

2  11  0

2  11  6

2  12  0

2  12  6

2  *3  0

2  *3  6

2  H  Q

2  *5  0

The faid rates and duties to be paid by the perfon or perfons keeping and ufing the faid horfes, mares, or geldings, and to be fubjedt to all the exemptions contained in any adt or acts in force.

SCHEDULE

<300

Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 41. [1797. SCHEDULE jD.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for Horfes, Mares, and Geldings, not charged with any duty, according to fchcdule C. and alfo on Mules.

Number of Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, or Mules.  DLTlta )>ayat>.e for each horfe, marc, or gelding, or mule.

For each horfe, m$re, or gelding, kept by any perfon, and not charged with any duty, according to fchedule C, as aforesaid, and for each mule - ,  £• j- d' 06c

The faid rate or duty to be p2td by the perfon or per Tons keeping such horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, and to be fubje£f to all the exemptions contained in any aci or a£ls in force, and not to be charged for any mule which (hall not have been ufed, nor for any horfe, mare, or gelding, of any perfon duly licenfed to keep a publick ftage coach or diligence, ufed and employed folely by such perfon in drawing such ftage coach or diligence.

SCHEDULE E.

A SCHEDULE of the rates and duties payable for every Dog of the feveral deferiptions herein-after mentioned, kept by or for the ufe of any perfon or perfons.

Number of Dogs,

DUTIES payable for each do.?.

For every greyhound, hound, pointer, fettlng dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or terrier, and for every dog of whatever defeription or denomination the fame may be, where any perfon fhali keep two or more dogs

For any dog (not being a greyhound, hound, fetting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or terrier), kept by or for the ufe of any perfon inhabiting a dwelling-houfe, a fie fled to 2ny of the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, or on inhabited houfes, where one such dog and no more fhali be kept by or for the ufe of such perfon  -  -  -

o

3. d. 6 o

4 o

The faid rates and duties to be paid by the perfons refpedHvely keeping such dogs, or for whose ufe the fame fhali be kept, and to be fubjedt to all the exemptions contained in any act or ads , in force; and alio to the regulations contained in an adf, paffed in the thirty-fixth year, of the reign of his prefen: Majelly, au-thorifmg a compofition to be made in refpect to hounds kept by any perfon, on payment yearly of the fum of twenty-four pounds^ inftcad of the fum therein mentioned*

SCHEDULE



A. N*

County of Parifla of

Surveyor.

o

o

<&

ft

a

>

3

na

3

O-

m

o 3 v <y

2

5 Cl. S'2 2.

O'*  <

n.aq r-r a> 2^ cu

<0 CD ^

O ^ f—r*

2 o *-• sT.

CD D O

- §

0*9:2 £*

*1 c 3 ^

03 5T O < O

sr 3.

Cl S’ O

^CTQ -n o n,

—I

<

CD

v<

O

CD O *t

tJ ft)

£3 CO

D 3 cs E 3 «

CJ-

o

ft>

cr o

CO ^

*# a

County of Pari(h of

SCHEDULE

A. N°

Surveyor.

The ACCOUNT of the greateft number of fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs, which have been kept at any one time between the  day  of  April

and the  day  of  April  by  me  of  and  alfo the feveral other

places of my refidence where I am or ought to be afTefled to the duties on inhabited houfes, or on windows or lights, or on any of the duties before mentioned ; videlicet. *

Places where the duties are to be paid, with the number againtf each.  bervants.  Four wheel carriages.  Two wheel carriages.  Ilorfes for riding or for drawing carriages.  Other  horfes.  Horfes j exempted.

In the above parifh -other places, videlicet; parifh of county of d° do d° do d° d°  Total -  .          

Mules.

Dogs.

Taxed

carts.

Witnefs my hand this  day  of

* If either be in a cit or town, the the number of the houfe and the ftreet muft be inferted.

s

Cv

ON

t797*3 Anno regni trlcefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 41#

66z

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c.42. [1797. CAP. XL1I.

An a 51 for granting to kis Majejly an additional duty of excife upon tea ; and for repealing fo much of an aS?, made in the lajl fejfion of parliament, as charges a duty of five pounds per centum upon tea imported into or fold in Great Britain.—[May 10, 1798.]

Moft gracious Soverei:

?n.

Preamble.

E, your Majesty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards railing the necelTary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as fhall be adequate to the increafed charge ©ccafioned by any loan to be raifed, or ilock to be created, by virtue of any act or adls for that purpose to be palled in this fellion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duty herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons* in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there fhall be railed, levied, colledted, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffois, over and above all duties An additional already impoled for or in refpedt thereof by any adts of parlia-duty of tx-  ment, the further duty  of excife herein-after mentioned ; that is

cite of 5I. per  to fay, For and upon  all tea, which, from and after the palling

of tins adt, fhall be fold in Great Britain, by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl indies, for two (hillings and fix pence per pound weight and upwards, or which having been fo fold, fhall be found in any warehoufe belonging to the faid united company after the palling of this adt, a duty of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the grofs prices at which such tea fhall be  fold, to be paid by the purchaser or pur-

chafers of such tea to  the faid united company, and to be paid

by the faid united company to the commiffioners of excife for

pjffinpthlsia.the time being.

II.  And be it further enadted, That the faid duty by this adi impofed fhall be under the management of the commiflioners of excife for the time being, and (hall be again drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of such tea to any place where a drawback of the duty on tea is now allowed by law, ana upon the fame terms and conditions, and under, fubjedf, and according to be allowed on the fame rules, regulations, reffridfions, provifions, fines, pe-*xportation, nalues, and forfeitures as are refpedfively contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed by any adt or adts of parliament in force immediately before the patting of this adt, and relating to the exportation of tea; and the faid rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, fhall be, and the fame refpedlively are hereby diredted to be duly obferved, prac-tifed, applied, and put in execution upon such exportation of any

fuch

cent, to he paid on tea fold, in Great Britain by the Eaft India company for 2S. 6d. per lb. and upwards, or having been fold and found in their ware-houfes alter

Duty to be under the ma nagement of the commiffioners of excife, and a drawback to

L. *

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 42.  663

fuch tea; arid the faid duty by this a£t impofed fhall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid by such perfons, and under, fubjeel, and according to the rule^, regulations, reftricftions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which are refpe£lively contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, by any aft or ads of parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this ad, and relating to the excife duties payable for or in refpeft of tea; and the faid rules, regulations, reftriftions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures refpedively,. fhall be, and the fame refpedively are hereby direded to be duly obferved, pradiled, and put in execution, for the raifing, levying, colleding, and paying the faid duty by this ad impofed, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purposes, as if the faid rules, regulations, reftriftions, pro-vifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and again enaded in this ad.

III.  And be it further enaded, That all tea taken and con- Pr,ze tea fold

demned as prize, and fold by the captors or their agents, purfuant  t0

to the rules, regulations, and reftridions prefcribed by an ad, ^34 to he pafied in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, fubjed to intituled, An acl for the relief of the captors of prizes, with refpeft additional

to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, (hall au be fubjed and liable to the additional duty by this ad impofed.

IV.  And be it further enaded, That all the monies from time Duties to be to time arifing by the duty by this ad impofed (the neceffafy paid into the charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) fhall exchequer, from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejlminfer; and the faid money, fo paid in as afore-

faid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confoiidated fund.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enaded. That the Application monies to arife by the duty by this ad impofed, or fo much °* duties, thereof as (hall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made

to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by such part of any loan made, or flock created or to be created, by virtue of any ad or ads pafied‘or to be pafied in this fefiion of parliament, as (hall not exceed the fum of seven millions ^ and the faid monies, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, (hall continue to be paid into the faid receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, diftindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing by the faid duty, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other duties, granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such part of such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, upon any account whatever.

VI.  And whereas by an aft paffed in the lajl fejfton of parliament, 37 Geo. 3. for granting to his Majesty certain duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, c* recited, and merchandize imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coaftwife within Great Britain, except ivine and coals when

brought

Hosted' by 

664 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 43. [1797.

brought or carried coajiwife, and for other purposes, an additional duty of cufioms, at and after the rate of five pounds per centum up-on the produce and amount of the fiveral duties of cufioms then pay-

and rc ealed a^e ^ WClS imP°fe^ uPon a;V  wares, and merchandizes

fo far as it * imported into Great Britain, with certain exceptions as in the fail extends to recited act are particularly mentioned: and whereas it is expedient charge the that the faid recited all Jhould be repealed, fo far as the fame extends duty of 5I. f0 charge the faid duty of five pounds per centum upon any tea im-tea imported11 Porie^ *nt0 or f°M ln Great Britain : be it therefore enacted. That the faid recited a6t (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, fo far as the fame extends to charge the faid duty of five pounds per centum upon any tea imported into Great Britain, or any tea fold at the Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, from and after the pafling of the faid afterpaffingit; recited a61.

and the com- VII. And be it further enadted. That in cafe the duty of five the^aiftoms^ Pounc^s Per centum fhall have been paid upon any tea imported may order re- *nto Great Britain, or fold at the fales of the faid company, in payment of purfuance of the faid recited adt, it Thail and may be lawful for any such duty the commifiioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England, or any fo paid. four or m0re of them, to order the repayment of such duty fo paid, and to cayfe the fame to be repaid in such manner as they the faid commifiioners (hall think proper.

into Great Britain, or fold at the fales of the Eaft India company,

CAP. XLI1I.

An all for granting to his Alajefiy additional duties on fait.—[May

10, 1798.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.  your  Majesty’s  moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts the

X V commons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the pub-lick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the feveral new and additional rates and duties on fait herein refpedfively mentioned ; anti do therefore moft humbly bcfeech your Majesty that it may be enadled ; and be it enadied by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the au-The following thority of the fame, That there fhall be raifed, levied, colledled,

dutfes°onValt an<^ Pa^> t0 an^ f°r t^e u& °f his Majesty, his heirs and facto be paid:  ceftors,  for  and  upon all fait, over and above the rates and duties

now due and payable thereon, by any adf or acts of parliament now in force, the feveral additional rates and dudes following; that is to fay,

For every builiel of foreign felt imported into Great Britain, alt. r April 30, 1798, ios.

For every bufhel of fait, not being the produdf or manufacture of Great Britain, which (hall have been imported into Great Britain after the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or tthich (hall be imported, there fhall

be

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 43.  665

be charged the fum of tea (hillings, and after that rate for any greater or lefs quantity:

For every bu(hel of fait not being of the produdf or manufac- For everv tare of Great Britain, which (hall have been imported into Great Britain, and which, after the thirtieth day of April one thousand found in any seven hundred and ninety-eight, (hall have been or (hall be found veffd, or in any (hip or veflel, in which the fame (hall have-been import- warehoufed ed, or in any lighter or other veflel, after the unihipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any quay or wharf upon the charged\vith firft landing thereof, or which, after the hid thirtieth day of the additional April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, (hall have duty, ios* been or (hall be in any cellar or warehoufe, in which the fame (hall have been put, fubjedf and according to the rules, regulations, reftridtions, and provifions, contained and provided by any a& or adfs of parliament, concerning the cellaring or warehousing of foreign or imported fait, and which (hall not have been charged with the additional duty hereby granted, there (hall be charged the fum of ten (hillings, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs quantity:

For every bufliel of fait and rock fait, which, from and after For every the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- huftiel ot fait eight, (hall have been or be made at any fait work, or taken out ^ade°or ^ of any fait pit or pits in Great Britain, there (hall be charged taken’out of the fum of five (hillings, and after that rate for any greater or any pit in lefs quantity:  Great Britain,

For every bufhel of fait and rock fait which (hall have been  3°*

made at any fait work, or taken out of any fait pit or pits in ^ forever Great Britain, and which, from and after the thirtieth day of bufhe^of^uch April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, (hall have fait lent out been or (hall be fold, delivered, or fent out of or from any cellar, of any ware* warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or other place, belonging to or occupied by the proprietor or proprietors, or occupier or occupiers of any not charged fait work, or fait pit or pits, or which, from and after the laid with the ad-thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ditional eight, (hall have been or (hall be fold, delivered, or fent out of^ufcy> 5S-S

or from any cellar, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or other place, in which the fame (hall have been put before the duty now payable thereon (hall have been paid, and which (hall not have been charged with the additional duty by this adt granted, there (hall be charged the Turn of five (hillings, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs quantity:

For every bufhel of fait and rock fait, which, from and after the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, (hall have been or (hall be imported from Scotland into .England, accompanied with a certificate from the proper officer that it hath paid the duty now payable on fait imported from Scotland to England, and which (hall not have been charged with ■ the additional duty hereby granted, there (hall be charged the fum of five (hillings, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs quantity:

And

and for every bufhel imported from Scotland into England, that has paid the duty now payable on such importation, 5S4,

666

The additional duty to

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 43. [1797.

allowed as the prefent duties.

Duties to be under the management of the com-miflioners of excife on fait.

And that a drawback of the additional duty be allowed upon

, n - . the exportation of all fait made in Great Britain. be allowed on  r

Duties and Which faid feveral and rerfpedfive additional rates and duties here-drawbacks to in-before granted, and drawbacks hereby allowed, {hall and may be paid and from time to time be charged, raifed, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecured, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, by such ways and means, and under such management, and fubjeCt to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and fubjedt to itch allowances, repayments, rules, regulations, and directions, in all refpeCts, (not other wife dire&ed by this a&), as the prefent duties on fait are or can, by any law or ftatute now in force, be charged, raifed, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecuted, and paid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the feveral and refpeCHve powers, authorities, methods, penalties, forfeitures, fines, powers of recovery, and mitigation of penalties, forfeitures, and fines, allowances, repayments, rules, regulations, directions, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this prefent adt.

II.  And be it further enadted, That such of the duties by this act impofed as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called England, fhall be under the management of the commiffioners of his Majesty’s duties of excife upon fait in England for the time being ; and such thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be under the management of the com-miffioners of excite upon fait in Scotland for the time being.

III.  And whereat contraffs or agreements may have been made before the faid thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by importers and dealers in foreign fait, and by makers of or dealers in fait, in Great Britain, for such fait refpeffively to be delivered after the faid thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight-, be it therefore enadted, That such importers or dealers, and such makers or dealers refpeCtively delivering such fait after the faid thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in purfuance of such contracts, lhall

April30,1798, be allowed to add fo much money as will be equivalent to the dTlivered°after ^u^es’ ^y this impofed and paid for or in refpeCt of such fait that day. refpcCtively, to the price thereof, and (hall be entitled by virtue of this a£t to be paid for the fame.

Duties to'be IV. And be it further ensCted, That all the monies arifing paid into the by the duties by this ad impofed, (the .neceffary charges of exchequer. raJfmg and accounting for the fame excepted), fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer ztlVeJl-minjler, and the faid monies fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

Application of V. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all the duties.  monies  arifing  or to arife by the faid additional rates and duties,

or any of them, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue

for

The additional duty to be added on contracts made before

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 44  667

for the purpose of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by such part of any loan made, or dock created or to be created by virtue of any ad or ads paffed or to be paffed in this feffion of parliament, as fh&ll not exceed the fum of seven millions; and that the faid monies (hall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt of his Majesty?s exchequer at TVeJlminfer, didindly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such part of such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this Ad may be ad, or any part thereof, or the duties hereby granted, or any altered or part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or fe^on. 18 ads to be made in this prefent feffion of parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An a6l to enable bis Majejly to call out a part of the militia in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, and to amend an adl, made in the lajl feffion of parliament, intituled, An ad to raife and . embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.—[May io, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an a61, paffed in the thirty-feventh year of his Preamble.

Majejly's reign, intituled. An ad to raife and. embody a 37 Geo. 3. militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called c* I0^* Scotland, the number of men to be fo raifed is limited to fix thousand men\ and his Majejly is thereby empowered (by order in council) to embody and call out the faid fix thousand men: and whereas by an a6l, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An ad to give further time for executing, and for en- 3* Geo. 3. larging the powers of an ad, made in the lad feffion of parliament, c‘ la> recited* intituled, cAn ad to raife and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland,’ his Majejly, not-withfanding no accounts or fates of perfons. liable to ferve as militia men had been tranfmitted for certain of the counties, Jlewartries, cities, and places, in Scotland, is empowered, from the lifts, Jlates, and . accounts, which had been tranfmitted to his Majefy's privy council, previoufy to apportion and divide over the fevera I counties, fewartries, cities, and places, from which such lifs, fates, and accounts, had been tranfmitted, the number of militia men to ferve for each such county, feivartry, city, or place: and whereas his Majefy has been pleafed, by his order in council, to apportion and divide a certain number of men .amongf the feveral counties,fewartries, cities, and places, in Scotland, which have made such returns as aforefaid: and whereas doubts have Vol. XLI.  Y y  arifin

668 Anno regni triccfirao octavo G£orgii III. c» 44* f 1797*

His Majesty-, by order in council, may order any part of the men dire<9:ed by the recited arts to be apportioned among the counties, &c. to be embodied, and put under the command of general officers.

arifett whe'thery by the faid feveral tiffs, his Majefly is empowered to embody and ctiU otit part of the men fo to be ballotted\ without calling out the whole \ and in cafe his Majefly jkould think fit fo to do, hi zvhat manner the men fo to be called out can be feleffed: may it therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fliall be lawful for his Majefly, by order in ebUiicil, from time to time, to order and direft any part of the men by the faid ads direfted to be apportioned and divided amongft the feveral counties, ftewartries, cities, and places afore-faidj to be embodied and called out, as his Majefly (ball think fit, and for that purpose either to direft the whole of the men bal-iotted for any particular county, (lewartry, city, or place, with their officers, or any proportion of such men, with any particular number or defeription of their officers, or any proportion of men in each county, ftewartry, city, or place, with any proportion or defeription of officers ferving for such county, ftewartry, city, or place, as his Majefly (hall judge proper to be fo embodied and called out, and to put such men as his Majesty fhall think proper from time to time to caufe to be embodied and called out as

When his Majesty fhall Order any proportion of men to be embodied, the county lieutenant, Scc. to appoint vrhat numbers (hall be taken from the men ballotted for each diftrift, and appoint fub-divifton meetings for bal-lotting for them, &c.

aforefaid, under the command of such general officers as his Majesty fhall be pleafed to appoint, and to direft: such forces to be led by their refpeftive officers into such parts of the kingdom, and for such purposes as by the firfl-mentioned aft his Majesty is authorifed to direft, with refpeft to the whole of the men thereby directed to be ballptted, and generally to do, and to order and direft to be done, all matters and things touching such parts of the faid men as his Majesty fhall, from time to time, think, proper to embody and call out in purfuance of this aft, in like manner as his Majesty is, by the faid firft-mentioned aft, empowered to do with refpeft to the whole of the faid fix thousand men* any thing in the faid ftrft-recited aft contained to the contrary not withftan ding.

II.  And be it enafted, That whenever his Majesty fhall think proper to direft any proportion of men ballotted to ferve for any county, ftewartry, city, or place, to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, the lieutenant for such county, ftewartry, city, or place, together with two or more of the deputy lieutenants, or on the death Or removal, or in the abfence of the lieutenant, any three or more of the deputy lieutenants fhall appoint what numbers of such men fo direfted to be embodied and called out, fhall be taken from the men ballotted to ferve for each of the feveral didrifts, pariflies, or other divifions of such county, ftewartry, city, or place, and fhall appoint fubdivifion meetings to be holder* for the purpose of ballotting for such numbers of men to be embodied and called out for each of such diftrifts, parifhes, or other divifions, at which fubdivifion meetings refpeftively the deputy lieutenants, judices of the peace, and fchoolmafter, attending, fhall proceed to ballot for the number of men appointed to be

embodied

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c* 44.  669

embodied and called out for each diftridt, parifh, or other divifion as aforesaid, by the fame methods, rules, and regulations, and in like manner as the original ballot for men to ferve for such diftridls, parifhes, or other divijlons refpedlively, is diredted to be made by the faid feveral a£ts, or either of them; and the names Names of of all the men fo ballotted for the purpose of being embodied and men fo bal-called out as aforesaid, fhall be marked on the lift of the men ^rkec^on^ ballotted to ferve for such diftri&s, parifhes, or other divifions  an(i

refpedlively, and when the ballot (hall be concluded, the lift of to be embo-the men fo ballotted for the purpose of being embodied and called died* out, (hall be publickly read, and the names of all the men fo chofen by ballot for the pufpofe of being embodied and called out as aforesaid, (hall be returned to the clerk of the general meeting of the county, ftewartry, city, or place, for which such men fhall be ballotted as aforesaid, and the per.fons fo chofen by ballot to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, fhall be embodied and called out accordingly; and the lieutenant or deputy Notice to be lieutenants for such county, ftewartry, city, or place, fhall, at .a general meeting to be appointed for that purpose, diredb notice to t^e tjme and be given to the men who fhall have been ballotted for the purpose place of of being embodied and called out in purfuance of this a£t, of the aflembling for time and place of their affembling in order to their being embo-died, and the men who fhall be fo declared to have been ballotted in purfuance of this act, (hall immediately proceed and repair to, and (hall duly attend at, the time and place fo to be appointed and declared, in order to their being embodied accordingly; and ^ay t0 c°m-the pay of every such man who fhall be fo embodied in purfuance  ^ en

of this a6t, fhall commence on the day on which such men re- ballot. fpe£tively (hall be fo chofen by ballot to be embodied and called out into adtual fervice.

III.  And be it further enatfled, That if at any meeting as Before or on aforesaid, on or before the twenty-fecond day of May one thou- May 22,1798, fand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any perfons or perfon fhall may^e^c-offer themfelves or himfeif as volunteers or a volunteer, to be cepted as embodied and called out, and ferve as militia men or as a militia fubftitutes man, for any diftricft, parifh, or other divifion, inftead of any men [or or man to be ballotted for in purfuance of the faid a£f, and fhall 10 te y c* be approved and accepted as able and fit for fervice as herein-after mentioned, it fhall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants and juftices prefent at such meeting, to accept such offer, and to enter the names or name of such volunteers or volunteer upon a lift to be made for that purpose; and if the number of men who fhall To offer as volunteers, fhall be equal to the number of men dU re6ied to be embodied or called out for such diftri£t, parifh, or divifion, the faid deputy lieutenants and juftices fhall not proceed to ballot for any men to be embodied and called out for such diftritft, parifh, or divifion, but fhall return such lift of volunteers inftead of a lift of men ballotted in purfuance of the dire&ions for that purpose herein-before contained ; and in cafe the number If fufficient of perfons who fhall fo offer to'be embodied and called out, and ^Jjn^r^er to ferve as volunteers, fhall not be equal to the whole number of ^  er

Y Y 2  men  trift, fo many



670

men as (hall be neceffiry to complete the number to be ballotted for.

Volunteers not having been ballotted to ferve, to be fworn and enrolled.

Volunteers to* be approved by two deputy lieutenants, &c.

Volunteers, or ballotted men not appearing to be embodied, to be deemed deferters;

and If such volunteers do not appear within two months, the perfons for whom accepted fhall ferve, or find other jubftitutes.

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii 111. t. 44. [1797.

men diredled to be embodied and called out for such diftridt, par fh, or divifion, the faid lieutenants and juftices (hall ballot according to the directions herein-before contained, for fo many men only as (hail be necefiary, together with such volunteers, to complete the number diredled to be embodied and called out for such diftridt, parifh, or divifion, and fhall return such lift of volunteers, and a lift of such ballotted men, making together the complete number of men required, in the fame manner as lifts of ballotted men are herein-before diredled to be returned as afore-faid ; and if any such volunteer as aforefaid (hall not have been before ballotted to ferve in the militia for such diftridl, parifh, or divifion, such volunteer fnall be fworn and enrolled to ferve in the militia for such diftridf, parifh, or divifion, in the fame manner as if such volunteer had been offered and approved as a fubftitute in purfuance of the faid adl made in the thirty-feventh year of his Majesty’s reign: provided always, That every such volunteer who fhall be accepted and returned as aforesaid, fhall be able and fit for fervice, and approved by two or more of the faid, deputy lieutenants, as fuch, before his offer to ferve as a volunteer as aforefaid fhall be accepted; and in cafe any such volunteer as aforesaid, who fhall be fo approved and accepted as aforesaid, fhall offer to ferve as a fubftitute for any pcrfon before ballotted to ferve as aforesaid, not being himfelf a ballotted militia man, the perfon for whom he fhall fo offer to ferve as a fubftitute, fhall, upon his being accepted, fworn, and enrolled as aforesaid, be difcharged from further fervice, in the fame manner as if such perfon had provided a fubftitute in purfuance of the diredfions of the faid a£t of the thirty-feventh year of his Majesty’s reign ; and if such volunteer fhall be a ballotted militia man, but fhall offer to ferve inftead of another man chofen by ballot to be embodied and called out for the fame diftrief, parifh, or divifion, the fervice of such volunteer fhall be accepted inftead of the perfon for whom he fhall offer to ferve as aforefaid.

IV. And be it further enadted, That if any such volunteer a$ aforesaid, or any perfon fo chofen by ballot to be called out and embodied as aforesaid, fhall pot appear at the time and place which (hall be appointed for his appearance, to be embodied as aforesaid, and march in purfuance of such orders as fhall be given for that purpose, every such perfon, unlefs labouring under fome infirmity incapacitating him to ferve as a militia man, fhall be liable to be apprehended and punched as a deferter, according to the provifions of any adf then in force for punifhing mutiny and ciefertion ; and if any such volunteer fo negledling to appear and march, fhall not be taken within two calendar months after he ought to have appeared and marched as aforesaid, the perfon for whom he (hall have been accepted as a volunteer or fubftitute, (hall, within one calender month after notice for that purpose, perfonally appear and ferve as a militia man, and he duly fworn and enrolled accordingly to join the regiment cr body of militia to which he (hall belong, or fhall find another able and fit perfon to ferve as a fubftitute, who fhall be approved and accepted by two

or

179?*] Anno regni tricefimox>6tavo Georgii III. c, 44,  671

°r more of the faic) deputy lieutenants, and (worn and enrolled If a volunteer accordingly; and if any such volunteer who fhall fo ne^lecl to  *

C /  .  r  ,  •  ,  n  n  1  re  i " i L. lUOftltUte IOC

appear and march as aforesaid, lb all not have offeree and been any p^rtic\il^r accepted to ferve indead of any particular per Ton before chofen per fon, oruif by ballot to be embodied and called out as aforesaid, or if any any roan perfon fo chofen by ballot, (liall neglect to appear and march as  a

aforefaid, and shall not be taken as a deferte* within two calendar not appearing, months after he ought to have appeared and marched as aforesaid, fhall not be notice thereof dial! be given to the didridl, parifh, or divifion, for taken within whkh such perfon ought to have -ferved as aforefaid ; and unlefs  s9

fuch diftricl, parifh, or divifion, fhall, within one calendar month diftri<5t: for after such notice, procure a fit and able perfon to ferve indead of which he such deferter, who fhall be accepted and approved by two or ought to ferve more of the laid deputy lieutenants, and fworn and enrolled, the  th^fter  *

deputy lieutenants and judices adding for the county, dewartry, notice, procity, or place, fhall proceed to ballot for another perfon to ferve cure a fit per-for the didridt, parifh, or divifion, for which such deferter ought fon in his to have ferved as aforesaid, in the fame manner as herein-hefore  to'be

diredfed for the original ballot for men to be embodied and called jiac}. out as aforefaid; and in cafe such deferter fhall be afterwards 3UC^ jefert. taken, such deferter fhall neverthelefs be compelled to ferve in ers, if taken, the fame manner as he would tyave ferved if he had appeared at to be compel-the time and place appointed for that purpose.  *eu to ^erve*

V.  And be it further enadted, That in cafe it fhall appear to Deputy lieu-any two or more deputy lieutenants aflembled at any fubdivifion ^ufe other meeting, that any militia man fo embodied as aforefaid is dead; peribns to be or that any such militia man is unfit for fervice, and such militia chofen-by man (hall therefore be difeharged, such deputy lieutenants fhall ballot, hj the . forthwith caufe another perfon to be chofen by ballot to be em-

bodied and called out in the (lead of the militia man fo dead or charged, difeharged, and from the didridf, parifh, or divifion, which fur-nifhed the man or men fodeccafed or difeharged; and inch perfon illal 1 ferve accordingly by himfelf or his fufficient iubflitute, in the fame manner as if he had been originally chofen by ballot to be embodied and called out in purfuance of this a£L

VI.  And be it further enadfed, That it fhall be lawful for his His Majesty Majesty to .caufe the number of men to be drawn out and em- menmbo^ bodied as aforesaid, from time to time* to be formed into such {p,e^ to ^ regiments or battalions, to confift of such companies, and of such formed, and number of men in each company, and to fix the number and rank officered, ys of officers in such regiment and battalion, and a Mb such number

of ferjeants in each company*as his Majesty dial! think expedient; P*4^3**

any thing in the fa id a& contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the proceedings which Proceedings

may have been had and done at any general meeting of the

lieutenants and deputy He-utenants* or any three or more of them, within 34

within fourreen days after the receipt of his iVIajefb/s order in days after

council, fhall be valid and effectual, and alfo all proceedings receipt of his

- M.-neftv’s

which (ha)] be held and done at

any

general m

rcting of the

lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, coimcih to be which maybe fummoned by the lieutenant, or failing of him, any valid,

Y y 3  three

672 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgn III. c. 45- [1797.

three or more deputy lieutenants, fubfequent to the faid fourteen days, and before the-twenty-fecond day of May, fhall be equally valid and effectual as if the fame had been done, and the fame proceedings had, within the faid fourteen days.

VIII.  And be it further enadled, That fo much of the faid firft-recited adt as authorifes the captains of companies to appoint drummers, corporals, and non-commiffioned officers, to the faid militia, fhall be and is hereby repealed, and that the colonel or commanding officer of every regiment or battalion of militia, may and (hall appoint two perfons to be drummers to each company,

the colonel or and may and fhall appoint corporals in the proportion of one to commanding twenty men, and may difplace such drummers and corporals refpediively for rnifbehaviour, and appoint others in their room, from time to time, as he fhall fee occafion, and may and (hall appoint the ferjeants in the regiment or battalion under his command, and alfo fill up such vacancies of ferjeants as may happen therein*, and it fhall be lawful for the faid colonel or commanding, officer as aforesaid, to difplace any perfon fo appointed a ferjeant, and to difmifs, or caufe such perfon fo difplaced to be reduced to the rank of a private militia man; and the colonel or commanding officer of every regiment or battalion of militia, may appoint a ferjeant major and a drum major; and that all ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received pay as such from any regiment or battalion, fhall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to ferve in such regiment or battalion until they be legally difcharged.

IX,  Provided always, That no perfon who (hall keep any houfe of publick entertainment, or who (hall fell any ale or wine, or any brandy or other fpirituous liquors, by retail, fhall be capable of being appointed, or ferving as a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the faid militia.

So much of firft recited a& as autho-rife6 the cap-12iris to appoint drummers, ,&c. repealed, and

officer to ap point them, and alfo fer jeants*. &c.

No victualler to be a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer*

CAP. XLV.

An a51 to prevent, during the war, perfons refiding or being in Great Britain from advancing money or effects for the purchafe or on the credit of debts owing to any of the governments in Switzerland, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any perfons therein, without licence for that purpose; for extending the provifions of an a5i, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, more effedtually to prevent, during the prefent war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correfpondence with, or aid or affifiance being given to, his Majefy'$ enemies, to Switzerland; and alfo the provifions of an a5l, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, for preventing money or effeSts in the hands of his Majefy's fubjedis, belonging to, or difpofeable by, any perfons ref dent in France, being applied to the ufe of the perfons exercifmg the powers of government in France, and for preferving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the perfons ever dying the pGwers of government therein, and alfo to the perfons, territories, and places, under their government .— [May io, 1798.]

WHEREAS

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgxi IIL c* 45.  673

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent perfons refiding or being Preamble.

in Great Britain from advancing money or effects for the pur chafe or on the credit of debts owing to any of the governments in Switzerland, or atiy bodies politick or corporate, or any perfons therein, during the prefent wqr, without licence firfi obtained for that purpose: be it enadted by the King's'moft excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon refiding or being in Ifany refident Great Britain during the faid war, knowingly and wilfully, in Great Britain or elfewhere, {hall make, or agree to make, or ma]:e? or pro_ canfe or procure to be made, any advance of money whatfoever, cure to be or of goods, merchandize, or effects, or other valuable thing made, any whatfoever, to any of such governments, or body politick or cor- ^e^rchafe porate, or any perfons or perfon whomfoever therein, or fha]j of^y'debt accept, pay, indorfe, or negotiate, or agree to accept, pay, in- due to any dorfe, or negotiate, or caufe or procure to be accepted, paid, government i;idorfed, or negotiated, or fhall guarantee or agree to be fecurity for the payment of any bill of exchange, or other bill, note, or fha]l’foTfeit fecurity for money, for or in confideration of any purchafe or I(X>o]. and transfer of any debt or debts, or of any fhare or intereft in any treble the debt or debts, due or owing to any of the faid governJBents, or v^ue of t^c of any territories or places now dependent ther.eon, or under the3 'ance* government of any of them* or due or owing to any perfons or perfon refiding or being within any of the faid governments,,territories, or places, or for or in confideration of or upon the fecurity or credit of any such debt or debts, or (hall knowingly and wilfully, in any manner whatfoever, purchafe, or agree to purchafe, or become entitled to or iritereffed in, for valuable confideration, or by way of fecurity or indemnity, any such debt or debts, or any parts or part of any such debt or debts, every perfon fo offending fhal), for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one thousand pounds, and alfo treble the amount or value of the money, goods, merchandize, effedls, or valuable thing, fo advanced, or agreed to be advanced, as aforesaid, or of such bill of exchange, or other bill, note, or fecurity for money, with refpe£i to which any such dealing fhall be had as aforefaid.

JL And be it further enabled. That all contracts and agree-ments whatfoever touching or concerning any such debt or debts debts *to as aforefaid> or any parts or part of any such debt or debts, or fie void, touching any money or other valuable confideration advanced, or to be advanced, for or in refpedt of any such debt or debts, or for or in refpedt of any goods, merchandize, effedls, or other valuable thing fold, or agreed to be fold, or for or in reipedf of any bills of exchange, or other bills, notes, or -fecurities, drawn* accepted, iodorfed, negotiated, given, or executed, in confideration thereof, or by way of fecurity, indemnity, or othervyife, for or concerning the fame, (hall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

IIL And be it further enacted, That if any broker, or other perfon .refiding.or being in Great Britain, (hall knowingly and f«ch dealing:,

* Y 4  wiL  to forfeit 50cL

Recovery of pen Lies.

Anno regrn tricefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 45. [1797.

wilfully, in Great Britain or elfewhere, negotiate or tranfaft, for commUfion or othcrwife, any dealing prohibited by this a£t, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds to any perfon who will fue for the fame.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the penalties and forfeitures aforefaid fhail and may be recovered, in that part of Great Britain called England, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVefl-minfter, or by information or bill in equity; and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by a&ion or fumrnary bill or information in the courts of feffion or exchequer in Scotland; and to any such information or bill in equity the party or parties againft whom the fame fhail be exhibited, (hall be obliged and compelled to anfwer upon oath for difcovery of the dealings and tranfa&ions by means whereof such penalties and forfeitures fhail have been incurred; and it fhail be lawful for the court wherein such information or bill fhail be exhibited to proceed and decree thereupon, and enforce such decree in the fame manner as is ufed in odier caufes in the fuid courts.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That nothing

thhin<don^*in  a<^ contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend,' to

licence from anY ac^ which (hall be done by any perfon, or in any place, by

virtue of or in obedience to any licence or authority from his Majesty, either under his fign manual, or by order in council or proclamation, or by virtue of or in obedience to any licence or authority from any perfons or perfon to be authorifed by his Majesty, under his fign manual or otherwife, as his Majesty (hall think fit, to give such licence or authority, or to any a6\ done in his Majesty’s fervice by any perfon or perfons who fhail be employed therein.

VI.  And whereas it is expedient to extend to Switzerland, and the perfons exercifmg the powers■ of government therein, and to the perfons, territories, and places, under their government, the provifons con-tained in an aft pojfed in the thirty-third year of his Majejly’s reign, intituled, An a£l more effectually to prevent, during the prefent war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correfpon-dence with, or aid or afliftance being given to his Majesty’s enemies; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the feveral times herein-after mentioned, and during the faid war, all and every the provifions in the faid a6f contained, fhail extend, and fhail be conftrued, deemed, and taken to extend.

A<51 not to

his Majesty.

33 Geo. 3. c. 27. to extend to Switzerland, and all places under the perfons exer-oiling the powers of government therein.

to Switzerland, and all and every the territories and places under the government of the perfons exercifmg, or who (hall during the faid war exercife, the powers of government in 'Switzerland-\ and all perfons refiding or being, or who (hall during the faid war refide or be within the fame, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the perfons exercifmg, or who fhail during the faid war exercife, the powers of government therein, or in any part thereof, or any of the territories or places aforesaid, in such and the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as if Switzer- -land) and the territories, places, and perfons aforesaid, and every

of

6?5

1797.] Anno regnl tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 45. of them, had been exprefsly mentioned in the faid aft, and all and every the provifions in the faid aft contained had been exprefsly applied thereto refpeftively, and Switzerland, and the territories, places, and perfons aforesaid, had in all parts of the faid aft been mentioned together with France, and the territories, perfons, and places defcribed in the faid aft; and that all and every the afts thereby prohibited to be done by perfons re-fiding or being in Great Britain with #refpeft to France, or the perfons exercifmg, or who during the faid war might exercife, the powers of government in France, or perfons refiding or being within any of the dominions in France, or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the perfons exercifmg, or who might exercife, the powers of government in France, (hall be deemed and taken to be, in like manner, and under the like penalties, provifions, and re (trillions, prohibited with refpeft to Switzerland, and all and every the territories and places under the government of the-perfons exercifmg, or who (hall during the faid war exercife, the powers of government in the faid provinces, and all perfons refiding or being, or who (hall during the faid war relide or be, within the fame, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the perfons exercifmg, or who (hall, during the faid War exercife, the powers of government therein, or any of them, or any of the territories or places aforefaid.

VII.  And whereas there is reafon to believe that letters of attorney N'o letter of

have been procured from perfons within the power of the perfons ex- --ttorne^troin ercifing the powers of government in France, or of the governments  on

under their controul, and efpecially in the United Provinces, and in or before Switzerland, for the purpose of transferring flock in the publick funds, March 1, and other publick flock, for the benefit of the perfons fo exercifmg the ^sbeenVince° powers of government in France, to the prejudice and againjl the jn France, the will of the proprietors of such flock ; and that many of Juch letters United Pro-of attorney have been antedated-, be it enacted by the authority vinces, or aforesaid, That, from and after the palling of this aft, no letter

of attorney, purporting to be a letter of attorney from any per- thorife the

fon or perfons who, on or before the fir ft day of March one thou- transfer of

fand seven hundred and ninety-eight, was or were, or at any (lock without

time fince has or have been, in France, the United Provinces, or !*5eilce

*  %  #  J  the lecretarv

Switzerland\ or any of the territories or dependencies thereof, Qk ^  “  *

or any territory or place under the government, or fubjeft to

the power of the perfons exercifmg the powers of government

in France, or under the government, or fubjeft to the power of

any perfons exercifmg the powers of government in the faid

United Provinces or Switzerland, or any part thereof, fliall be

valid and effeftual to authorife the transfer of any such flock,

without licence for that purpose fir ft had and obtained from one

of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate ; and that all tranf-

fers of ftock which fhall be made by or under the authority of "

any such letter of attorney, contrary (o the provifions of this

aft, (hall be null and void, to all intents and purposes.

VIII.  And whereas it is alfo expedient to extend, as well to the

United

676 Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III, c. 45, [1797,

United Provinces as to Switzerland, and the perfons exercifing the poivers of government therein refpedtively, and to the per(oils> terri-torics., and places, under their government refipeflively, the provifions contained in an ad I, pajfed in the ihiriv-fourth year of his Mfefiy $ 34Geo. 3. reign, intituled, An ad for preventing money or effeds in the c 9, to extend hands of his Majesty’s fubjeds, belonging to, or difpofeabfe by, ^ovihcer'^nd anY Perf°ns refident in France, being applied to the ufe of the Switzerland, perfons exercifing the powers of government in France, and for and all places preferving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual tinder the per- owners thereof; be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, theS towers of That, frorn an^ 2*ter t^ie feveral times herein-after mentioned, government and during the faid war, all and every the provifions in the faid therein. la ft mentioned ad contained, (hall extend, and fhall be con-^ ftrujed, deemed, and taken to extend, to the faid United Provinces and Switzerland refpedively, and to every part thereof re-fpedively, and to all and every the territories and places under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who fhall during the faid war exercife, the powers of government in the faid United Provinces and Switzerland refpedively, or any parts or part thereof refpedively, and to all perfons refitting or being, or who fhall during the laid war refide or be, within the fame refpedively, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the perfons exercifing, or who fhall during the (aid war exercife, the powers of government within the faid United Provinces or Switzerland refpedively, or any of them, or any of the territories or places aforesaid, in such and the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the faid United Provinces and Switzerland refpedively, and every part thereof, and the territories, places, and perfons aforesaid, and every of them, had been exprefsly mentioned in the faid ad, and all and every the provifions in the faid ad contained had been exprefsly applied thereto refpedively, and the faid United Provinces and Switzerland refpedively, and ever part thereof, and the territories, places, and perfons aforesaid, had in all parts of the faid ad been mentioned together with France, and the territories, perfons, and places described in the faid ad; and that all and every the ads thereby prohibited to be done by perfons refiding or being in Great Britain with refped to France, or the perfons exercifing, or who during the faid ■ war might exercife, the powers of government in France, or perfons refiding or being within any of the dominions of France, or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who might exercife, the powers of government in prance,, Hi all be deemed and taken to be, in like manner, and under the like penalties, provifions, and reflridions, prohibited with refped to the faid United Provinces and Switzerland reflectively, and every part thereof, and all and every the territories and places under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who (hall during the faid wav exercife, the powers of government in the faid United Provinces and Switzerland refpedively, or any part or parts thereof refpedively, and to all perfons residing

1797O Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.  677

Tiding or being, or who fhall during the faid war refide or be, within the fame refpedively, or within any of the territories or places aforesaid, and to the perfons exerciiing, or who fhall during the faid war exercife, the powers of government in the faid United Provinces or Switzerland refpedively, or any parts or part thereof refpedively, or any of the territories or places stforefaid.  ~  ,

IX.  And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful to.re- repe™ea/or^i,

peal, amend, alter, or vary this ad, or any part thereof, during tered this fef-the prefent feflion of parliament.  fion.

X.  And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall take place Commence-and have commencement as to the prefent matters herein-before ment of ad. contained, from the end of one week after the pafling of this ad,

as to all ads which fhall be done by any perfon whatfoever in Great Britain, or which fhall be done in any parts out of Great Britain, by any perfon who. fhall have been in Great Britain at any time after the palling of this a61, and during the continuance of this ad, and fhall take place and have commencement one calendar month after the pafling of this ad, as to all ads which fhall be done in any part of Europe, other than Great Britain, by any perfon who fhall not have been in Great Britain between the palling of this ad and one calendar month after the pafling of this ad; and fhall take place and have commencement three calendar months after the pafling of this ad, as to all ads which fhall be done in any parts of the world out of Europe and not • beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any perfon who fhall not have been in Great Britain between the pafling of this ad and the end of three calendar months after the pafling of this ad; and fhall take place and have commencement fix calendar months after the pafling of this ad, as to all ads which fhall be done in any part of the world beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any perfon who fhall not have been in Great Britain between the pafling of this ad and the end of fix calendar months after the palling of this ad.

CAP. XLVI.

An apt for the more fpeedy and effectual manning of his Majefly s navy.—[May 26, 1798.]

WHEREAS by fever al ads'of parliament, perfons under cer- Preamble.

tain deferiptions are protected from being ipipreffed into his Majeffs fervice at fea: and whereas it is expedient,for the publick defence, that such protections Jhould be fufpended for a limited time ; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an ad> pafled So much of in the fecond year of the reign of her majefty Queen Anne, in-  p‘ro

tituled. An ad for the increafe of feamen, and better* encouragement te&ions, Scc« of navigation and fccurity of the coal trade, as grants any exemp- and

tiou

6?S Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 47, 48. [1797.

tion or protection to any apprentice or other perfon from being impreffed, or permitted or fuffered to lift or enter into his Ma-jeftv’s fea fervice ; and alfo one act, paffed in the thirteenth year of his late Majeftv’s reign, intituled. An adt for the increafo of onariners ami fearnen to navigate merchant flips, or other trading fiips or veJJ'els; and 'alfo fo much of an a eft, pafted in the fecond year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An c*£l for the better /applying the cities op London and Weftminfter with fib, and to reduce the prefont exoi bitant price thereof.\ and to protect and encourage ffiermen, as grants any protection to the perfons therein defer ibed, from being impreffed into his Majesty’s fervice at fea;, and alfo fo much of an act, pa lied in the eleventh year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the better fupport and eft a-blifoment of the Greenland and vohale ffiery, as grants the like protection to the perfons therein deferibed ; and alfo fo much of any other lubfequent aft or afts as grafts the like protection to beifigimpreff- any perfon or perfons therein deferibed, {ball be, and the fame pended forUi" are hereby declared and enadfed to be .of no force and effect for five months, and during the fpace of five calendar months, to be computed from May 24, from the twenty-fourth day of May one thousand seven hundred ]79^:  and ninety-eight: provided neverthelefs. That the fufpenfion of

But such fnf- the faid ads, fo far as they relate to perfons ferving on board of P^relates to** ^’Ps anc^ veftels employed in the coal trade, fli.aU not continue performs in the ^onger than one calendar month, to be computed from the oal trade, to twenty-fourth day of May aforefaid.

13 Geo. 2, c. 17.

and fo much of 1 Geo. 3. c. 35.

j 1 Geo. 3. c. 38.

and of any other adf, as grants protections to

continue only II. And be it further enabled. That no perfon or perfons (hall month6 be or mo^e^e^ ^or taking and impreffing, or caufmg to be taken and impreffed, within the time aforesaid, any perfon or bribed for t0 Pcr^ons P°r Majesty’s fervice at fea, contrary to the proviilons

impre fling  l^ie  kid  a(^s>  ov  anY

within the

time fpecified,  CAP.  XLVII.

contrary to

the recited An aft for granting to his Majesty the f«m of two hundred thou find a^g  pounds,  to  be  iflued  and  paid to the governor and company of the

bank, of England, to he by them placed to the account of the commif-ftoners for the reduction of the national debt.— [May 26, 1798.]

CAP. XLVJII.

An adl to alter and amend fo much of an aft, pajfed in this prefont fejfoon of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, as relates to the qualification of commifftoners.—[May 26,

*793.]

Preamble. T T 7 HE RE AS an a Si was pajfed in this prefont foffton of parlia-38 Geo. 3. VV merits intituled,  act for granting an aid to his Ma-

c. 5.  jetty  by  a  land  tax,  to  be  railed in Great Britain, for the fervice

of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and whereas by the faid apt it is enacted, That certain perfons named and appointed^ or to be named and appointed, commifftoners in manner

therein

679

1797.] Anno regni tricefimo ocftavo Georgii III. c. 48.

therein mentioned, Jhould put the faid cicl In execution as therein directed ; hut it is not thereby required that such of the commijftoners as fall aft within or for any city, borough, cinque port, or town corporate, (except as therein particularly provided), fall be qualified in any other manner than by being an inhabitant of fitch city, borough, cinque port, or town corporate, by reafon whereof improper perfons x fometimes aft as commijfioners: for remedy whereof, be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the- advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no perfon (hall be capable of adling as a commif-fioner in the execution ,of the faid recited adt, within any city, borough, cinque port, or town corporate, (except the cities, liberties, and places, the commiffioners adfcing within which are refpedfively required to be qualified as in the faid adl is particularly mentioned and directed), unlefs such perfon (hall, at the time of his adling, be ferfed or pofTefled of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the value of forty pounds per annum, or more, of hi^own eftate, being freehold, copyhold, or leafehold, over and above all ground rents, incumbrances, and other referva-tions, payable out of or in refpedt of such leafehold eftates, or unlefs such perfon (hall, at the time of his adiing as aforesaid, be pofTefled of a perfonal eftate to the amount of one thousand pounds, nor unlefs he (hall in either cafe be an inhabitant of the city, borough, cinque port, or town corporate, within which he (hall a<dt as a commiffioner, nor (except in adminiftering the oath or affirmation herein-after mentioned) until he fnail have taken and fubferibed an oath or affirmation in the words or to the effedl following; videlicet,

c T A. B. do fvvear, [or, being one of the people called JL kers, do folemnly affirm], That I truly and bona fide am pofTefled of, in my own right, and in the actual enjoyment or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, or pofTeffied of a perfonal eftate to the amount of one thousand pounds.

So help me GOD/

Which oath it (hall and may be lawful for any commiffioner to adminifter to any other, any thing in the (aid firft recited adl, or any other adl, contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding; and if any perfon hereby required to be fo qualified as aforesaid, and not being fo qualified, or not having taken an oath or affirmation as herein-before directed, (hall prefume to adf as a commiffioner in the execution of the faid recited a <51, every such perfon fo offending, fhall for every such offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds to and for the ufe of such perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered, together with full cofts of fuit, by adtion of debt in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVejlminJler, over and above fuch

other

No perfon to a (ft  a cojn-

miffioner of the land tax in certain places unlefs qualified as herein men* tinned.

Oath;

which any commiffioner may ad mini-fter.

50I. penalty for acting not being qualified. or not having taken the oath.

3? Geo 3 c. 5.

680 Anno regnitricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 48. [1797.

other pains and punifhments as he may be liable to by any law or ftatute of this realm for wilful and corrupt perjury; and in Proof of qua- every such adfion brought again ft any such perfon fo acting as a lification to commiftioner in the execution of the faid recited a<ft without fendant^C ^°' being qualified as aforesaid, the proof of qualification fhall lie on the perfon againft whom the faid adfion (hall be brought, and it fhall be fufficient for the plaintiff to prove that the defendant hath a£fed as such .commiftioner.

II.  And whereas by an afl, ?nade in this prefent fejjion of parliament, intituled, An a£t for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it is amongfl

Chafe in that other things enabled, That no perfon /hall be capable of atVmg as a recited, cotnmifftoner in the execution of the faid aft, or any of the powers therein contained!, in or for any county at large within England, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Merioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, Radnor, and Monmouth, excepted), or in or for any of the ridings of the county cf York, unlefs such perfon be feifed or poffejfed in the fame county or riding, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more, of his own ejlate, being freehold, copyhold, or leaf eh old, over and above all ground rents, incumbrances, and other refervations, payable out of or in refpeft of such leafehold eftates which were taxed and did pay by virtue of an aft paffed in the thirty feventh year of his Majeffs reign, (intituled, An a61 for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven) : be it enacled, That the above recited claufe fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

III.  And be it enadted, That no perfon fhall be capable of adt as a com- adting as a commiftioner in the execution of the faid adf, or any miflioner for Qf t[le pawers therein contained, in or for any county at large \n England or within England, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Me-Wales, (ex- rioneth, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pern-cept certain broke, Radnor, and Monmouth, excepted), or in or for any of the counties),^or ridingS Gf the county of York, unlefs such perfon be feifed or in^oXfiiire^ poffefTed of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the value of unlefs quali- one hundred pounds per annum, or more, of his own eftate, belied as herein ing freehold, copyhold, or leafehold, over and above all ground mentioned. rents, incumbrances, and other refervations, payable out of or

in refpedt of the fame, or unlefs such perfon be heir apparent of fomc perfon who fhall be feifed or poflelTed of a like eftate of the value of three hundred pounds per -annum, one moiety of which faid eftate required as qualifications fhall be fituate within such refpeclive county or riding for which such perfon is appointed a commiftioner.

Publick zSt. IV. And be it further enadted, That this adlfhall be adjudged, deemed,, and taken to be a public adt, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

CAP.

and repealed. No perfon to

l

s797*1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III.c 49,50. 681

CAP. XLTX.

Arc aft for veiling divers lands and hereditaments in the parifli of Halifax, in the county of York* in truftees and their heirs, upon certain truffs therein mentioned* difeharged from all claims of the crown in refpe^ of any forfeiture incurred tinder or by virtue of the ftatute^ of mort-main, or the laws relating to mortmain.—£May 7,6, 1798.]

c A P. L.

An aft to continue, until the firfeday of Auguft one thovfand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next fejjion of parliament, and amend an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for eftabl idling regulations refpefting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafes.—[June i, 1798.]

tt/HEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the thirty-third year of his Preamble.

Vr Majeflys reign, intituled. An aft for eftablifhing regula- zs Geo. > tions refpefting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refidentc* 4-* recited, therein, in certain cafes, in cprfequence of the number of perfons, not being natural-born fubjefts of his Majesty, or denizens, or perfons naturalized by aft of parliament, who had then lately ref or ted to this kingdom ; and the danger which it was apprehended might arife to the public tranquillity, from the refort and refidence of aliens, under the circumjlances then exifling, unlefs due provifion Jhould be made in refpeft thereof, divers provifeons were made refpefting aliens arriving in this kingdom, and ref dent therein ; which aft has been continued by fubfequent afts Until the firft day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine : and whereas the refuge and ajylum which, on grounds of humanity and jufeice, have been granted to perfons flying from the opprejfton and tyranny exereijed in France, and in countries invaded by the armies of France, or under their power or controul, may, notwith{landing the provifeons of the f aid aft of the thirty-third year of his Majesty s reign, be abujed by perfons coming to this kingdom for purposes dangerous to the interefls and jafeiy thereof , and the general indulgence to aliens reforting to this country may alfo be abufed by perfons not within the provifeons of the faid aft ; and it is therefore neceffary to make further provifeons for the fafety of this kingdom with refpeft to aliens, and particularly to the end that a jufe difeinftion may be made between perfons who either really feek refuge and ajylum from opprejfton and tyranny, or refort to this country, and are refident therein, for purposes only, of commerce, or for other jufe or innocent purposes, and perfons ivbo, pretending to claim the benefit of such refuge and ajylum as afore faid, or to refort to ibis country, or to refide therein for commercial or other jujt or innocent purposes, have or /hall come to, or Jhall be in this kingdom with hofeile purposes, and efpedaily to favour or ajfife the execution of the projefts of the enemies of his Majesty, now openly declaring their intentions -to invade this kingdom, and to endeavour to deferoy the religion, laws, and liberties of the people thereof, and the form and confeitution of its government, and to bring upon this kingdom all the calamities

yjhich

682

His Majesty, by proclamation, may require aliens to re gifter them-felves, and obtain licences for reiidence.

To obtain inch licences an account to he delivered containing certain particulars.

His Majesty may exempt aliens from delivering such accounts ; and

Anno regni tricefimo o6lavo Georgii III. c. 50. [1797.

which have been fuffered by France; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations to be iflued for that purpose, from time to time, to require and command every alien who fhall then be in, or (hall thereafter come into, this kingdom, (except as hereiti-after excepted), to regifter himfelf or herfelf, in the manner hereinafter mentioned, with such perfon or perfons, and in such diftridt or diftridls, as his Majesty by his laid proclamation (hall appoint, and within such time or times as in such proclamation or proclamations (hall be required ; and thereupon to obtain from such perfon or perfons as his Majesty fhall for that purpose appoint, his Majesty’s royal licence to such alien to refide within this kingdom, either generally in any part thereof without reftric-tion, or fpecially in such place or places, and under such reftric-tions or conditions, as to his Majesty (hall feem fit; which licence fhall either be without limitation in point of time, or (hall endure for such fpace of time as fnall therein be exprefled, and no longer; but every such licence fhall be capable of being revoked, and if limited in point of time, fhall be capable of being renewed and continued at such times and in such manner, as in such licence, or from time to time by his Majesty’s proclamation or order in council, fhall be diredted.

II.  And be it further enadfted, That for the purpose of obtaining such licence as aforesaid, every such alien as aforefaid fhall deliver or caufe to be delivered to the perfon or perfons who, fhall by any such proclamation, or by any order of his Majesty in council, from time to time as occafion (hall require, be appointed to receive the fame, and at or before the time to be appointed for that purpose, a full and true account in writing of his or her name, age, rank, occupation, or profeftion, and where such alien was born, and of what parents, and where such alien ufually redded beyond the Teas before his or her arrival in this kingdom, and where such alien laft redded beyond the Teas before his or her laft arrival in this kingdom, and in what filiation or condition, and for v/hat reafon and for what purpose such alien left such refidence arid came to this kingdom, and when such alien laft arrived in this kingdom, and at what place, and whether before or after the tenth day of 'January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and if after, whether such alien made such declaration or delivered such account as is required by the faid recited adt of the thirty-third year of his Majesty’s reign, and when and to whom, and at what place; and in what town or place, towns or places in this kingdom such alien has refided ft nee the time when such alien laft arrived in this kingdom : provided always neverthelefs, That it fhall be lawful for his Majesty to exempt any alien or aliens, by the terms of any such proclamation, or by any order in council, or fpecially by warrant from one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate,

from

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgii III. c. 50.  683

from the obligation to deliver such account as by this ad re-aliens deliver-quired, in the whole or in part, as to his Majesty (hall Teem fit: ] Ci^}]  r o °t

provided alfo, That no alien who (hall deliver any such account fecufion tor” a,s aforesaid, fihall be liable to any profecution for any offence offences 1 againft the faid ad of the thirty-third year of his Majesty’s reign, againft recited by reafon of any matter or thing difclofed in such account. a<^*

III.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon, being an.Penalty on alien, (hall be found at large in Great Britain after the time in aliens found any such proclamation to be limited for obtaining such licence {J^ngobtain-as aforesaid, by such perfon, such perfon not having obtained’ed licences, such licence as aforesaid, or an allowance of time unexpired to;

obtain such licence, and not being exempted from the obligation to deliver such account as aforefaid by this ad, or by any proclamation or order of his Majesty in council, or by fpecial warrant from one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, such perfon being thereof lawfully convided, (ball and may, at the, difcretion of the court before whom he or (he. {hall be fo convided, be adjudged to fuffer imprifonment for any time not exceeding one year, or to be tranfported beyond, the feas for any. time not exceeding seven years.  ,.

IV.  And be it further enaded, That in cafe any perfon au?;If the perfo.ns thorifed to grant such licences, as aforesaid, and to. vvhom.appli*-

cation (hall be made for any such licence as aforesaid, .(hall think think fit to refit to refufe to give such licence to any alien who fhall apply for.fufie them, the the fame, such alien fo applying for such licence {hall beforthr,Parties to be with conveyed before one of his Majesty?s juftices of the peace.,* and committed to prifon, until such alien, (hall be .conveyedi ,outanc[ commit-* of Great Britain, by warrant from one of his Majesty’s princi--ted, &c, pal (ecretaries of ftate ; unlefs his Majesty (hall otberwife think fit, or unlefs the perfon authorifed to grant such licence, and'to. whom application for the fame (hall have been made, ihall think fit to give fpch alien further time for the purpose of obtaining such licence, and {hall fignify the allowance of such further time by writing under his hand and feal, fpecifying the time allowed for obtaining such licence^ during which time the alien to whom such time (hall have been fo allowed, (hall and may refide within this kingdom, in the fame manner as if such licence had been obtained: provided neverthelefs. That he or (he (hall, during such time, refide in such place, or within such diftrid, as {hall be exprefied for that purpose in-fuch writing allowing further time as aforesaid, and not elfewhere.

V.  And be it further enaded, That, if any alien having such If aliens be

licence as aforesaid, or such allowance of further time to obtain [he^1(lri6t°S-a licence as aforesaid,  fhall, at any time after, be at large in  ]OWed  by 3i-

Great Britain, in any  place not being the place or diftrid with-  cences,  &c.

in which Rich alien fhall be allowed to refide as aforesaid, or (hall they Ihall be be found not to have complied with the reftridions or conditions

(if any) under which  such licence or allowance fhall have been

granted, such licence  or allowance (hall be forfeited and deter-

mined, and such alien fhall be liable to all such penalties as he Voj.. XIL  Z  z,  at*

68,4

Anno regnltricefimoodavoGEORGii III. c.$o. [1797,

or (he would have been fubjedt to if no such licence or allowance had been granted*

Jf licences be VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such licence, or loft, See. frefli allowance of further time to obtain a licence, (hall be loft, mif-^anted^ ^ la'd, or deftroyed, it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons h * authorifed to grant such licence or allowance of further time as aforesaid, upon proof on oath, to his or their fatisfadlion, that such licence or allowance of further time has been fo loft, mif-

laid, or deftroyed, to grant a frefh licence, or allowance of further time to obtain a licence, ftating the former licence or allowance, and the reafon of granting such frefh licence or allowance ; which frefh licence or allowance fhall be of like force as the inftrument fo loft, miflaid, or deftroyed.

VII.  And whereas in the faid aft, pajfed in the thirty-third year of his Majejlf s reign, certain provifeons are contained with refpeft to alien merchants, who are thereby in a great degree exempted from the provifions in the faid aft refpefting other aliens; and such aft does not, in many cafes, extend to aliens who arrived in this kingdom on or before the firjl day of January one thousand seven hundred and 33 Geo. 3. ninety-two ; be it enadted. That fo much of the faid adl of the c. 4. toextend thirty-third year of his Majesty’s reign, as relates to alien merchants0 andto chants> anc* te°ds to exempt them from any of the provifions in aliens in the the faid a61 refpedVing other aliens, fhall be, and the fame is kingdomonor hereby, from and after the patting of this a6V, repealed; and the before Jan. i, faid a6t of the thirty-third year of his Majesty’s reign fhall ex-I79*‘  tend, and be conftrued, deemed, and taken to extend, in all

cafes, to alien merchants, and alTo to all aliens who arrived or were in this kingdom at any time on or before the firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in such and the fame manner as if such aliens had not been alien merchants, or had arrived in this kingdom after the faid firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

Mo alien to VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the leave the king- paffing of this a6t, it fhall not be lawful for any alien to leave dom without this kingdom, without a paftport for that purpose firft obtained whkhPfadlbe ^rom one ^is Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, or from produced to fome perfon authorifed by his Majesty to grant such paftport; the officer of which paftport fhall be produced to the proper officer of his the cuftoms Majesty’s cuftoms, at the port or place where such alien fhall ance ISand°to" em^ar^ f°r purpose of leaving this kingdom ; which officer, the matter of being fatisfied that the perfon producing such paftport is the per-the vcffel, be- fon to whom the fame was granted, and who was intended to be fore embarka- named and deferibed therein, ihall allow such paftport, and fhall uo;l*  certify such allowance by marking the fame on such paftport,

and figning the fame with the date of such allowance; and such paftport, with such allowance thereon, fhall be produced to the matter or perfon having the charge or care of the fhip or veflel in which such alien fhall propofe to embark, before such alien fhall be permitted to embark on board any fhip or veftel for the purpose of leaving this kingdom; and if any alien fhall embark;

on

J797-1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii lit. c. 50.  685

on board any fhip or veflel, in order to leave this kingdom, with Penalty on the knowledge, privity, or confent of the matter, or of the per- mhtinS abend fon having at the time the command, charge, or care of such to embark veflel, not having obtained such paflport as aforesaid, and such without pafT- . allowance thereof, figned by the proper officer of the cuftoms as ports, &c.and aforesaid, every such matter or perfon having the command, on charge, or care of such fhip or veflel, fhall forfeit and lofe the  s*

fum of five hundred pounds, one moiety whereof fhall go to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh or place at which such alien fhall embark as aforefaid ; and every such alien who fhall embark on board any fhip or vefTel, with intent to leave this kingdom, not having previoufly obtained such pafT-> port as aforesaid, and such allowance thereof, figned by the proper officer of the cuftoms as aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall, at the difcretion of the court before whom such alien fhall be fo convidted, be adjudged to fuffer imprifonment for any time not exceeding one year, or to be tranfported beyond the Teas for any term not exceeding seven years : provided always neverthelefs, That it fhall not be neceflary for any mariner adtu- Mariners em» ally engaged and employed in the navigation of any (hip or vefc P.l°yedln na-fel, during the time that such ^mariner fhall be actually fo en-  em-

gaged or employed, to obtain any such paflport as aforefaid ; but bark without such mariner fhall and may be permitted to embark on board paflports. such fhip or veflel for the purpose of leaving this kingdom, in the fame manner as if this aft had not been made.

IX.  And be, it further enadted, That aliens abiding in this kingdom, having quitted their refpedHve countries by reafon of any revolution or troubles in France, or in countries conquered by the arms of France, fhall not be liable to be arretted, impri-foned, or held to bail, or t(o find any caution for their forthcoming,, or paying any debt, nor to be taken in execution on any judgement, nor by any caption, for or by reafon of any debt or other caufe of adtion, contracted or arifing in any parts beyond the Teas, other than the dominions of his Majesty, while such aliens were not within the faid dominions of his Majesty; and in cafe any such alien fhall have been or fhall be arretted, irn^ prifoned, or held to bail, or taken in execution on a judgement, or by any caption, contrary to the intent of this a£f, such alien fhall be difcharged therefrom by order of any of his Majetty’s courts in iVeJlmmJier Hall, or of the court of fettion in Scotland\ or of any judge of such courts in vacation time.

X.  And be it further enadted, That in cafe any alien, who fhall have obtained a paflport to leave this kingdom in pursuance of this adt, fhall not proceed with due diligence to leave this kingdom according to such paflport, such alien fhall be liable to all luch penalties as he or ihe would have been fubjedf to if no such paflport had been granted.

XL And be it further enabled, That no alien, who fhall ar^ rive in this kingdom after the patting of this adf, fhall depart from the place in which he or fhe fhall have fo arrived, except for the purpose of making such declaration* or obtaining such

z z 2  paflport,

Aliens having quitted their countries on account ofthe troubles in France, &C. not liable to be ar re fled for debts contracted beyond the Teas without his Majesty's dominions.

Aliens not leaving the kingdom according to their pair ports, liable to penalty.

No alien arriving after pafhng this aCt to depart from the place of arrival but

686 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 50. [1797.

for certain paffport, as by the faid aft of the thirty-third year of his Ma-tU^^has 6b* ~ je^y>s reign are required to be obtained by such alien, or for the tainedali- purpose of delivering such account,. and obtaining such licence cence.  as herein-before mentioned, until such alien (hall alfo have ob-

tained such licence to refide in this kingdom, as herein-before mentioned.

After a week after palling this aft every peifori, not keeping a pub -liek inn, who fhall receive an alien to lodge for more than 48 hours, fhall require him to produce his licence, &c. and fit all, within two days, deliver the copy to the over-feers of the . poor. See. on penalty of 1 ool.

XII. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the end of one week after the palling of this aft, every perfon, not keeping a publick inn for reception of guefts, and licenfed to fell ale or fpirituous liquors by retail, who fhall receive into his or her houfe or apartment, for the purpose of lodging or refid-ing therein, for more than forty-eight hours, any alien, who ought to procure a licence to refide in this kingdom in pursuance of this aft, fhall require such alien to produce such licence, or an allowance of time to obtain such licence, or a pafiport for such alien to leave this kingdom, and to deliver a copy of such licence, allowance of time, or pafiport, before such perfon fhall receive such alien into his or her houfe or apartment to lodge or refide therein, for more than forty-eight hours, and fhall, within two days after such alien fhall have come to lodge or refide in such houfe or apartment, deliver such copy of such licence, or of such allowance of further time to obtain a licence or pafiport, to the overfeers or overfeer of the poor of the parilh, townfihip, or place where such houfe or apartment (hall be fituate in Eng-

land) and to the fehoolm after of the parifti or place in Scotland9 with a notice, that the alien named therein did come to lodge or refide in such houfe or apartment, on a day in such notice to be fpecified, which (hall be the very day on which such alien aftu-ally came to lodge.or refide in such houfe or apartment; and if any perfon fhall knowingly receive into his or her houfe or apartment, to lodge or refide therein as aforesaid, any such alien not producing such licence, or allowance of time to obtain a licence or pafiport, or not delivering a copy thereof as aforesaid, or fhall negleft to deliver such copy, with such notice as aforefaid written thereon, to such overfeers or overfeer, or fchool-Application of mafter as aforesaid, within the time aforefaid ; every perfon fo penalty. offending (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof (hall go to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh, townthip, or place where such houfe or apartment fhall be fituate.

And every XIII. And be it further enafted. That every perfon, not keep-f chgrta ing a publick inn for reception of guefts, and licenfed to fell ale anvalienlodg- or fpirituous liquors by retail, who (hall, at the expiration of one ing with him week after the pafilng of this aft, have any alien lodging or te-Ihall, within fiding in his or her houfe or apartment, (hall, within ten days I?{riryStMser a*ter Pa^ln&  a<^5  deliver  to  the  overfeers  or  overfeer

a<5t1 deliver a {'ne Poor °* Par‘&> townfhip, or place, where such houfe notice to the or apartment (hall be fituate in England, and to the fchoolmafier overfeers, Sec. Gf the pari(h or place in Scotland, a notice in writing, deferibing defenbing the puc[1 ai|en by his or her name, and fpecifying the time when

n ime on such alien catne t0 *ocJSe or «fide in such houfe or apart-*L  ment;

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgu III. c. 50.  6S7

ment; and if any perfon (hall knowingly have received in his or penalty of her houfe or apartment any such alien, not having given notice I00^ thereof as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, every perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, , one moiety whereof fhall go to the informer, and the other Application °f moiety to the poor of the parifh, townfhip, or place, where such pena houfe or apartment fhall be fituate.

XIV.  And be it further ena&ed. That true copies of all such

notices which fhall be fo delivered to such overfeers or overfeer, tranfmitted to or fchoolmafter, as aforesaid, fhall by them or him be tranfmitted the clerks of , four times in every year, (that is to fay). On the firft day of July, the peace to the firft day of September, the firft day o {-December, and the fir ft day of Marcbj in each year, to the clerk of the peace for the felons'*&c. county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, in which such houfe or apartment fhall be fituate, and the fame fhall be laid by such clerk of the peace befpre the juftices of the peace, at their next quarterly feflions of the peace for such county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, and fhall by them be certified to one of his Ma-jefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate; and such juftices fhall from time to time make, at their quarterly feftions, such order or orders in the premifes, as may be neceffary for the due obfervance and execution of the feveral provifions herein contained, by the .faid overfeers, fchoolmafter, and clerk of the peace refpe&ively.

XV.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for Magiftrates the mayor or chief magiftrate, or for any juftice of the peace for may require any county, riding, ftewartry, city, town, or place, within this d„ceSlicences, kingdom, from and after the pafling of this a£I, to require any &c# and may* alien, not exempted from the provifions of this aeft, to exhibit to commit them such mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, his or her licence to refide in m default this kingdom, or allowance of time to procure a licence, or paff- ^^h^ving ^ port to leave this kingdom, which such alien is hereby required complied with to produce accordingly; and in default thereof, or in cafe it fhall the terms, &c. appear that such alien has not complied with the terms of fuch

licence or allowance, or has not proceeded with due diligence to leave this kingdom, according to such palTport, such mayor, magiftrate, or juftice, may commit such alien to the common gaol or other publick prifon, to anfwer for the offence of which such alien (hall have been guilty, there to remain until he or fhe fhall be di(charged by due courfe of law.

XVI.  And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for The principal any of his.Majefty’s principal fecretaries of fiate, the lord mayor, fecretaries of or any one or more of the aldermen of the city of London, and caufe hft

for any one or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace for any e^ aliens to be county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, being fpecially autho- taken into rifed by one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of date, by cuftody. warrant under his hand and feal, or generally authorifed by order of his Majesty in council, or any mayor or chief magiftrate, or other magiftrate or magistrates of any city, borough, or town .corporate, fo authorifed, to caufe any alien whom he or they -fhall have caufe to fufpedl to be a dangerous perfon, to be taken into cuftody, and examined, and either difeharged or detained

zzj  in

He )y 

688

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 50. [1797.

in cuftody, as fhall appear advifeable ; and if it fhall be thought fit to detain such alien in' cuftody, it fhall be lawful for such fecretary of ftate, or such mayor, alderman, or chief magiftrate, or other magiftrate or magiftrates, or such juftice or juftices, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to

Mayors, Sec, to tranfmit accounts of their proceedings touching such aliens to a principal fecretary of ftate, for his Majesty’s pleaiure.

His Majesty may order aliens to be detained in cuftody.

order such alien to be detained in cuftody until his Majesty’s pleaiure fhall be known, there to remain, without bail or main-prize ; and every such mayor, alderman, chief magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, fhall forthwith tranfmit an account of his or their proceedings touching such alien, to one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, to the end that his Majesty’s pleafure may be declared therein ; and it fhall be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his fign manual, or by warrant under the hand and leal or a’ny one of his principal fecretaries of ftate, either to diredl that such alien fhall be difeharged, or continued in cuftody for such time or in such manner as his Majesty fhall think fit, or ordered to quit the kingdom.

XVII. And be it further enadled, That in cafe his Majesty fhall be advifed, that it may be dangerous to the fecurity of the kingdom to fend any alien out of the kingdom, it (hall be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his fign manual, or by warrant under the hand and feal of one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, to order such alien to be detained in cuftody in this kingdom, in such place and in such manner as his Majesty fhall think fit, and until his Majesty fhall give other order to the

contrary.

Ho alien to XVIII. And be it further enaefted, That no alien fhall be Lind till the permitted to land in this kingdom, until the mafter or com-veffefhas ^ mander of the {hip or vefTel, in which such alien (hall have made the de- arrived, fhall have made the declaration concerning foreigners on elaration re- board his fhip or vefTel, required by the faid aeft of the thirty-

recited  third

year of his Majesty’s reign, and fhall have obtained, from and'a permit*- ProPer officer of the cuftoms, a permiilion, in writing, to fion be obtain- land such alien ; and in cafe any alien, not being a mariner ac-ed; or the tually engaged and employed as such in the navigation of fuch

comrrdtted36  or  ve^’  *anc*  ln  t^*,s  kingdom from any such fhip dr

and the matter ve^e^ without such permiffion firft obtained, such alien fhall fha 11 forfeit forthwith be taken into cuftody, and carried before one of his 100I. unlefs Majesty’s juftices of the peace, who fhall commit such alien to he proves one of his Majesty’s gaols, or to such other cuftody as to such kis juftice fhall feem fit, until his Majesty’s pleafure concerning such will.  alien fhall be known; and the mafter dr commander, or the

perfon having charge of such fhip or vefTel, filial 1 forfeit and lbfe the fum of one hundred pounds for every alien fo landed, unlefs he fhall make it appear that such alien was landed from such fhip or velfel againft the will of such mafter or commander, or the perfon having the charge of such fhip dr vefiel; and such penalty fhall be recovered before one or more of his Majesty’s juftices df the peace, and one moiety thereof fhall go to the poor of the paiifh or place where such offence was committed, and the other moiety to the informer ; and it fhall be lawful for any officer dr

officers

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 50.  689

officers of the cuftoms or excife, to detain such fhip or veflel Officers of until such penalty (hall be paid; and any boat or veflel ufed in or^xcif^mav landing any such alien from the’fhip or velfel in which such alien detain vtiTels, fhall have arrived as aforesaid, (hall and may be feized by any Scc. officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and the fame fhall be forfeited, together with all tackle, apparel, ammunition, and furniture thereunto refpedtively belonging.

XIX.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon fhall wil- Penalty for

fully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe to be forged, counter- forging licen-feited, or altered, or fhall utter, knowing the fame to be forged,  or

counterfeited, or altered, any such licence, allowance of time to them under obtain a licence, paflport, or allowance of a paflport, herein- falfe names, before diredled to be obtained, or fhall obtain any such licence, &c. allowance of time to obtain a licence, paflport, or allowance of

a paflport, under any other name or defeription than the true name and defeription of such alien, (without difclofing to the perfon granting such licence, or allowance of further time to obtain a licence or paflport, the true name and defeription of fucli. alien, and the reafon for concealing the fame), or fhall falfely pretend to be the perfon intended to be named and deferibed in any such licence, allowance of time to obtain a licence, paflport, or allowance of a paflport, every perfon fo offending, being lawfully convi&ed thereof, fhall fuffer imprifonment in the common gaol for any time not exceeding one year, and, if the court before whom such perfon fhall be convicted fhall think fit, fhall alfo be tranfported beyond the feas for any term not exceeding seven years.

XX.  And be it further ena&ed, That when any alien fhall be The fecreta-ordered to quit this kingdom in purfuance of the laid a£l of the ries office thirty-third year of his Majesty’s reign, or of this a£f, it fhall be ™icn^ordercd lawful for one of his Majesty's principal fecretaries of ftate to to quit the caufe such alien to be taken into cuftodv, and carried before any kingdom to juftice of the peace, or mayor or chief magiftrate of any county, be taken into riding, ftewartry, city, town, or place, where such alien fhall to g?v/fecu-happen to be, and to require such alien to give fecurity to quit rity for quit-this kingdom within a time to be limited by the recognizance, ting it, &c. in a fufficient penalty, of two or more perfons, who fhall be

-either natural-born fubje&s of his Majesty, or perfons naturalized or made denizens, or aliens having licence to refide in this kingdom, fucli fecurity to be approved by such juftice of the peace, mayor, or chief magiftrate; and if such fecurity fhall not be given, it fhall be lawful for such juftice of the peace, mayor, or chief magiftrate, aad he is hereby required, to commit such alien to the common gaol, there to remain until he or fhe can be fent out of this kingdom by warrant from one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ftate.

XXI.  And be it further ena<5!ed, That all licences, allowances Licences, &c. of further time to obtain licences, paflports, and allowances ofto ^.tSlven paffports, herein directed to be obtained, (hall be given without gratls*

fee or reward, and fhall be fubject to no. duty or charge whatfoever,

X Z4  XXIL  Pro-

Aft not to extend to foreign ambaf-fadors, &c. nor to aliens not upwards of 14* years old.

cufed.

Anno r6gni tricefimb octavo Georgii III; c. 5b. [,1797.

XXII.  Provided always* and be it further enafted, That no foreign ambaflador, or other publick minifter duly authorifed, nor the domeftick fervants of any .fuch foreign ambaflador or publick minifter, regiftered as such according to the direftior.s of the laws in force for that purpose, or being adlually attendant upon such ambaflador or minifter*(hall be deemed an alien within the meaning of this aft: provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained fhall affeft any alien in refpeft of any aft done or omitted to be done* who fhall make it appear that he or fhe was not above the age of fourteen years at the time when such aft

Prooftolieon was (o done or omitted to be done: provided always* That if any the party ae- qUeftion 1 nail arife whether any perfon alledged to be an alien* and fubjeft-to the provifions of this aft* or any of them, is an alien or not* or is or is not an alien fubjeft to the faid provifions* or any.of them, the proof that such perfon is* or by law is to be deemed to be a natural-born fubjeft of his Majesty, or denizen of this kingdom, or naturalized by aft of parliament, or if an alien, is not fubjeft to the provifions imthis aft contained, or any • of them, by reafon of any exception contained in this aft, or which fhall be exprefied in any proclamation or order in council a$ aforelaid, or in any fpecial warrant from one of his Majesty’s principal fecrctaries of ftate as aforesaid, fhall lie on the perfon fo alledged to be an alien, and to be fubjeft to the provifions of this aft, Tome or one of them.

XXIII.  And be it further enafted, That in all cafes in which any perfon fhall be adjudged to be tranfported in purfuance of this aft, the tranfportation fhall be adjudged to be, and (hail be, to such place or places as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, fhall direft or appoint.

XXIV.  And be it further enafted, That in cafe any perfon ordered or adjudged to be tranfported in purfuance of this aft, fhall be found at large within this realm, after fentence of tranfportation pronounced, he or (he fhall-be deemed guilty of felony* and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXV.  And be it further enafted, That all pecuniary penalties by this aft impofed, exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds* fhall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, or the courts of great feflion in Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chefter* Lancafter, and Durham, or by aftion, or luminary bill or information in the courts of judiciary or exchequer in Scotland, as the cafe fhall require, wherein no efloin, privilege, protection* or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed; and all pecuniary penalties by this aft impofed, not exceeding the fum of one-hundred pounds, fhall, on conviction of the offender upon oath before any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of such juftice, rendering-to such offender the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of fuch

diftrefs

Tranfportation to be to such place as his Majesty m council fhall direft.

Tranfported perfons found , within the realm to tuf-fer death.

Recovery of penalties.

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 51.  691

diftrefs and Tale; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, such juftice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, where such offence (hall be committed, for any time not exceeding fix calendar months; and no writ of Certiorari, or of advocation or fufpenfion, fhall be allowed to remove the proceedings of the faid juftice, touching the pecuniary penalties aforesaid, or to fuperl'ede or fufpend execution or other proceeding thereupon.

XXVI.  And be it further enadted, Thai the inhabitants of any parifh, townfhip, or place, fhall be deemed and taken to be competent witneffes for the purpose of proving the commiffion of any offence againft this adt, within the limits of such parifh, townfhip, or place, notwithstanding any part of the penalty incurred by such offence is given or applicable to the jaoor of such parifh, townfhip, or place.

XXVII.  And be it further enacled, That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance or by colour of this adt, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such adtion or profecution fhall be commenced within the fpace of three calendar months next after the offence fhall be committed ; and such perfon or perfons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if upon trial a verdidt fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become non-fuited, or fhall dif-continue his or their fuit or profecution, or if judgement be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer, or otherwifc,

fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts to him or Treble colls.

Offenders to be committed for want of diftrefs.

No writ of Certiorari,

See. to be allowed, touching pecuniary-penalties. 1

Inhabitants may be wit a neffes.

Limitation of adtions.

General iffue.

them awarded againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVIII; Provided always, and be it enadied, That this adt, Ad may be or any of the provifions therein contained, may be altered, varied, ^zledihis*" or repealed, by any act or adds to be palled in this prefent feffion feffion. of parliament.

XXIX.  And be it further enadted. That this adt, and alfo the Continuance faid adt palled in the thirty-third year of his Majesty’s reign, ^ctj^a^t^e fhall have continuance until the firft day of Augufl in the year 1  1  e  a

one thousand eight hundred, and thence until the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

C A P. LI.

An aft for authorizing the billetting such troops of yeomanry cavalry as may he defirous of afjemhling for the purpose of being trained together, and for exempting from the payment of certain duties perfons providing horfes for the faid yeomanry cavalry, —[June i, 1798.]

WHEREAS many corps and troops of volunteer cavalry, raifed Preamble, under and by virtue of an aft paffed in the thirty-fourth year -of the reign of his prefent Majejly, or under and by virtue of two afts, paffed in the lajl feffion of parliament, for raifing a proviftonal force of cavalry, are defirous of affembling together at such convenient places, and for such time as may be fixed, under the authority of this ' '  aft.

Hosted ty 

692, Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III, c. 51. [1797.

aft, for the purpose of more ejfeftually training and difciplining them~ felves ; and for that purpose it may be necejjary to provide quarters, and to billet such of the faid volunteers as may not find it convenient to return to their own houfes after each dafs exercife; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be ena&ed 3 and be it cnadfed by the King’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority

The county Qf tke fame That whenever the men enrolled, or the majority lieutenant on  7  *  j j

Retire of vo- t^lern> an.V such troop or corps of volunteer cavalry, fhall,

lunteer caval- through their captain or commanding officer, fignify in writing ry to aflemble to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, where such jna^make^ trooP or corPs fhall be raifed, or in cafe of vacancy, or in the ordcrfor that abfence of the lieutenant, to the deputy lieutenants executing the purpose, &c. office of the lieutenant, their defire to affemble under the command of their own officers at any place in particular, or at any convenient place or place?, either within the fame county, riding, or place, or without, for the purpose of being trained and exer-cifed, for any fpace of time not exceeding in the whole twenty days, either fucceffively or at intervals, within the fpace of five fucceffive months, and either in feparate corps or troops, or together with any other corps or troops of volunteer cavalry, who fhall alfo have fignified their defire of afiembling for that purpose in like manner, or with any regiment, battalion, troop or troops of his Majefiy’s regular forces of cavalry, or any number of such cavalry, in cafe his Majefly fhall think proper to give directions to such of his cavalry as aforefaid for that purpose, it fiiall be lawful for such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants refpedtively, in every year during the continuance of this a£f, in pursuance of the defire of any corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, to be fignified in manner aforelaid, to make any order for afiembling such volunteer cavalry, to be diredted to any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where such volunteer cavalry (hall be appointed to aftemble themfelves for the purpose aforesaid, at such place or places as the faid lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, with the concurrence of the general officer having the command of the diftridt, and in cafe the place appointed fhall be in another county or riding, then alfo with the lieutenant of such county or riding, or deputy lieutenants as aforelaid, in which order fhall be fpecified the place and places at which, and the precife time or times during which such volunteer cavalry are to Juftices to continue fo afiembled under the authority of this adt; and the ififue precepts juftice of the peace, to whom such order fhall be diredfed, fhall

to peace offi- jf]'ue his nrecept to the conftable, headborough, or other officer ror nuir-  ■  »  /  w  *

tering such  peace of the place where any such volunteer corps or troops

volunteers, as are to be aflembled, for the quartering and billetting the non-tor the regular commifiioned officers, privates, and trumpeters of such volunteer forces.  corps or troops, upon such perfons and in such houfes, fituate in

the place or places fpecified in such order, as his Majesty’s regular forces may by law be quartered and billetted ; and that, from and after the delivery of any order of the lieutenant of any

county,

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 51.  693

county, riding, or place, or deputy lieutenants, a&ing as afore-faid, made with such confent and concurrence as aforesaid, to any juftice of the peace of any county, riding, or place, w here any such corps or troop of volunteer cavalry are to afTemhle, it fhall be lawful to quarter and billet the non-cornmiflioned officers, private men, and trumpeters, of any such corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, in all and every the houfes fituate in such place or places as aforesaid, in which, and upon all and every the per-fons on whom any of his Majesty’s regular forces may by law be quartered and billetted ; and that, from and after the delivery of any such order, during the times appointed as aforefaid for such training and exercife, all and every the powers, provifions, rules, penalties, allowances, matters, and things, provided and eftablifhed by any a£f or a£ts now or hereafter to be in force for quartering and billetting his Majesty’s regular forces, fhall be ufed and put in pradHce for the quartering and billetting the corps and troops of volunteer cavalry affembled under the authority of this a£f, as fully and effectually as if all and every the faid powers, provifions, rules, penalties, allowances, matters, and things, had been fpecially re-ena6ted in the body of this aCt.

II.  And be it further enadted, That whenever the lieutenant County Iieu-

of any county, riding, or place, or the deputy lieutenants as  [be°re-

aforefaid, fhall have fixed the days and place of exercife for any ceiver general, corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, he or they fhall, as foon as the number of may be, certify the fame to the receiver general of' such county, men and days riding, or place, fpecifying the number of men and the number exerci^^ho of days appointed for exercifing them, not exceeding in the fhafl iiTae p^v whole twenty ; and such receiver general is hereby required, for the volun-within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate, to iffue teers to the and pay to the officer having the command of each corps or officer*1^^ troop, at the rate of two (hillings per day for each such volunteer

who (hall attend the place of exercife, and one (hilling and four-pence per day for each horfe, mare, or gelding, belonging to such corps or troop, and ufed in exercife.  Commanding

III.  And be it further enacted. That the officer having the officer to

command of each troop of volunteer cavalry fhail make up an malce UP !"s account of all monies received and paid by him, on account of following such exercife, according to the following form :  form j

COUNTY of  Dr.

To cadi received of the receiver general for  days  pay

of men °

To ditto for ance for

days allow-horfes - -

Per Contra  Cr.

Paid , volunteer cavalry men fortheirattendance atthc pGce o f e x tr ci fe o n t h e 1 a y s a p n j i n t -ed, being days pay -  -

d.

Paid  allowance  for

horfes ufed in exercife for days

Which account fhall be figned bv the officer having the com- which he fhall

mand of such troop: and such officer (hall, within ten days after fl&n anc)

-  J  .  ver  to  the

tue receiver ge_

neral, &c.

694

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [ 1797-

the rime such exercife is finifhed, deliver such account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the receiver generaland such account (hall be allowed as fufficient vouchers, in the palling of the accounts of the receiver general, by the proper auditor of his Majesty’s court of exchequer.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That no toll {hall be demanded or taken at any turnpike gate or bar, for any horfe, mare, or gekling, furnilhed by or for any perfons belonging to any corps or troops of volunteer cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the place appointed for, and on the days of exercife ; any thing contained in any adt or adts to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.  Provided always. That such perfons fhall be drefTed in the uniform of their refpedlive corps or troops, and have their arms, furnitures, and accoutrements, according to the regulations provided for such corps and troops refpecfively, at the time of claiming such exemption as aforefaid.

VI.  And be it further enadled, That no perfon who {hall provide a horfe, mare, or gelding, for any perfon ferving in any volunteer corps of cavalry, raifed under the authority of any adk of parliament now in force, or who {hall at his of her expence

charged for it, .furnifh a horfe, mare, or gelding, for any perfon ferving in any yuh the duty fUCQ corps as aforesaid, fhall be charged or chargeable for such ,rv'*'ri - w ^orfe, mare^ or gelding, with any of the duties impofed by an adl, paffed in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An adl for granting to his Majejly an aid and contribution for the profecution of the- war *, but that every such perfon keeping one such horfe, mare, or gelding only, (hall be wholly exempt from the faid duties during his continuance in the faid fervice ; and that every such perfon keeping more than one such horfe, mare, or gelding, {hall, during his continuance in such fervice,. be aflefl'ed and charged according to the rates in the faid a<51 prefcribed, for one horfe, mare, or gelding, lefs than the number of horfes, mares, or geldings, by him,kept and ufed as aforefaid.

In the certifi- VII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That in the cates of corn- certificate of the commanding officer of the corps or troop in cers' the°pe r - w ^ *c ^ anY  Per^on as aforefaid {hall ferve, not only the feveral

fons’who perfons who (hall ferve,- but alfo the feveral perfons who (hall ferve. and who furnifh any horfes, mares, or geldings, for any other perfons furnifh horfes ferving in any such corps, fhall be inferted, and that affidavits (haH oem*  feveral perfons ferving in such corps, for whom any

ferted.  horfes,  mares,  or geldings fhall be furnifhed, declaring by whom

refpeclively the fame are furnifhed, fhall, in every such cafe, be annexed to such certificate.

No toll to be taken for any horfes belonging to volunteer cavalry, going to or returning from exercife.

Perfons churning such exemption to be drefTed in their uniform, &c.

No perfon furnifbing a horfe for a volunteer corps to be

impofed by 38 Geo. 3 c. 16.

CAP. L1I.

An adl to regulate the trial of caufes> tndiflments, and other proceed-ings, which arife within the counties of certain cities and towns corporate within this kingdom.—[June j, 1798*]

WHEREAS 

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo ottavo Georgii III. c. 52.  695

WHEREAS there at prefent exifts, in the counties of cities and Preamble, of towns corporate within this kingdom, an exclufive right, that all caufes and offences which arife within their particular limits fhould he tried by a jury of perfons rcfuling within the limits of the county of such city or toivn corporate; which ancient privilege, in* tended for other and good purposes, has in many infances been founds by experience, not to conduce to the ends of jujlice: and whereas it will tend to the more effectual adminifixation of jujlice, in certain cafesy if adlions, indictments, and other proceedings, the caufes of * which arife zvitbin the counties of cities and towns corporate, were tried in the next adjoining counties: in drder therefore to remedy this mifehief for the future, be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and In a£Kons m after the palling of this a cl, in every adtion, whether the fame be tranfitory or local, which {ball be profecuted or depending in Weftminfter any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJhninJler, and in every See. if the indidlment removed into his Majefly’s court of king’s bench by Venue be laid writ of Certiorari, and in every information filed by his Majefly’s attorney or folicitor general, or by the leave of the court of ^ovyn^corpo-1 king’s bench, and in all cafes where any perfon or perfons fhall rate in Eng-plead to or traverfe any of the fadls contained in the return to land, See. the any writ of Mandamus, if the Venue in such adtion, indidlment, thtnifue or information, be laid in the county of any city or town corporate within that part of Great Britain called England, or if such writ of Mandamus be diredted fo any perfon or perfons, body politick and corporate., that it fhall and may be lawful for the adjoining court in which such adlion, indidlment, information, or other proceeding (hall be depending, at the prayer and inftance of any profeeutor or plaintiff, or of any defendant, to direct the ifiue or hTues joined in such action, indidlment, -information, or proceeding, to be tried by a jury of the county next adjoining to the county of such city or town corporate, and to award proper writs of Venire and Diflringas accordingly, if the faid court (hall think it fit and proper fo to do.

II.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That Bills of indidt-it fhall and may be lawful for any profeeutor or profecutors to prefer his, her, or their bill or bills of indidlment, for any offence mitted whhin or offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the the county of county of any city or town corporate, to the jury of the county any city or next adjoining to the county of such city or town corporate, t0;vn corP°"

j  cd  '  j  j  1  »  ntc rniv og

fworn and charged to enquire for the King, for the body of such preferred to adjoining county, at any feffions of oyer and terminer, or gene- the jury of ral gaol delivery ; and that every such bill of indidlment, found the county to be a true bill by such jury, (hall be valid and effectual in law, acUoin-as if the fame had been found to be a true bill by any jury' fworn b‘ and charged to enquire for the King for the body of the county of such city or town corporate,

HI, And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That Indictments if it {hall appear to any court of oyer and terminer or general grand jury of

gaol any city or

to be tried by a jury of the county next

696 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 52. [1797.

town corpo- gaol delivery for the county of any city or town corporate, that

ions*taken1 any *nc^ment f°und by any grand jury of the county of such

before the co- c,tY or town corporate, or any inquifition taken before the coro-

roner, may be ner or coroners of the county of such city or town corporate, or

ordered to be other franchife, is fit and proper to be tried by a jury of any next

filed with the adjoining county, that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid

proper otneer J ^ c  v.  •  ,  J  ,  ,

of the next court °r °yer and terminer or general gaol delivery, at the prayer

adjoining of any defendant, to order such indictment or inquifition, 'and county, and the feveral recognizances, examinations, and depofitions, relathe defendants t;ve t0 such indi&ments and inquifitions, to be filed with the proper officer, to be by him kept among the records of the courts of oyer or terminer and general gaol delivery for such next adjoining county, and to caufe the defendant or defendants in such indictment to be removed, by writ of Habeas Corpus, to the gaol of such next adjoining county; which writ the faid court is hereby directed and authorifed to iflue, if such defendant or defendants be in the prifon of such city or town corporate; and if he, the, or they be not in such prifon, to commit such defendant or defendants to the gaol of such next adjoining county, and to caufe the profecutors and witneffes againft such defendant or de-

re moved to the gaol thereof, &c.

fondants, to enter into a

or recognizances, to

profecute and give evidence againft such defendant or defendants at the feftions of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for such next adjoining county; and that the fame proceedings and trial (hall be had, and the fame judgement {hall be given, in such laft-mentioned court of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, as would and might be had and given in cafes of indictments or inquifitions for the like offences, committed within such next adjoining counties.

The judges of IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the tourc of jt ancj may be ]awfui for any Gf the judges of bis Majesty’s

K.inK s bench*  j  #  #  j  o  j  j

See may caufe court °f king’s bench, or any of the juftices of oyer and terminer p. rfons'in or general gaol delivery, for such next adjoining or other county cuftody tor as aforesaid, on the application of any such profecutor or prole-nd11ed^v^hTn cutors ten days next before the holding of any feffions of oyer the county of and terminer, or general gaol delivery, for such laft-mentioned any city or town corporate, to be removed into thecudody of the fheriff of the next aojoinirg county, for trial; and direct coroners to return to the court of oyer and terminer, inquisitions, &c.

county, by proper writs of Habeas Corpus, which they are hereby empowered and authorifed to iffue, to caufe any perfon or perfons who may be in the cuftody of any jfheriff or ftieriffs, or of the keepers of any gaol or prifon, charged with any offence or offences committed within the county of any such city or town corporate, to be removed into the cuftody of the fheriff of such next adjoining county, in order that he, fhe, or they may, for such offence or offences as aforesaid, be tried in such lafl-men-tioned county, and by order under the hand of any one of the faid judges or juftices of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery, to direct the coroner or coroners of the county of any such city or town corporate, or other franchife, to return to the next court of oyer and terminer or. general gaol delivery* to be holden for such next adjoining county any inquifition or inquifitions, examination or depofition taken touching the death of any perfon or

perfons

1797-1 Annoregnitricefimoo&avoGeorgri III. c.  697

perfons within the limits of his or their jurifdi&ions; and that whenever, in purfuance of this a£l, any bill or bills of indictment lhall be found by such grand jury as aforesaid, againft any perfon or perfons, for any offence or offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the county of any city or town corporate, that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid courts of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery, to iffue procefs for apprehending the perfon or perfons againft whom such bill or bills of indictment fhall be found, if not in cuftody, and to compel the attendance of witneffes upon the trial of such indictments, in like manner as in cafes of indictments found in any such court of t oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, for offences committed within such adjoining counties.

V.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every Recogni-recognizance which, after the pafling of this aCt, fhall be entered

into for the profecution of any perfon or perfons, for any offence profecutioTi of or offences committed, or charged to be committed, within the perfons for county of any city or town corporate, or within any liberty or offences com-franchife, and every recognizance for the appearance as well of the^ount^of witneffes to give evidence upon any bill of indiCfment to be any cjty JT preferred, or any inquifition found for any such offence or offences town corpo-as aforesaid, as for the appearance of any perfon or perfons to rate> &c; to ^ anfwer our lord the King, for or concerning the fame, fhall be ^e^arties^on forfeited, if the profecutor fhall, ten days previous to the holding notice of m-of the next court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, in the tention to next adjoining or other county, give notice to the perfon bound Pre*er indi<ft-in such recognizance to give evidence upon such bill of indi<ft- ^t^oinin^ ment, or to anfwer our faid lord the King as aforesaid, of the in- Countv, do * tention to prefer such indicftnaent, or to remove such inquifition, not appear, in or into the next adjoining or other county, and the party bound in such recognizance fhall not appear, profecute, or give, or be ready to give, evidence at such court; but if the perfon bound in such recognizance, after notice as aforesaid, fhall appear at such court of the next adjoining or other county, profecute, give, or be ready to give, evidence on such indi&ment before the grand jury* and on the trial thereof, or on the trial of such inquifition, then the faid recognizance fhall be difcharged in such and the like manner as if the perfon bound in such recognizance had complied with the terms thereof.

VI.  Provided alfo, That in cafe the perfon or perfons who Notice left at

fhall enter into such recognizance or recognizances as aforesaid,tJle

cannot be found, and such notice as aforefaid be left at his, her, who cannot

or their laft place of abode, ten days previous to the holding such be found, to

feffions as laft aforesaid, the fame fhall be as good and effectual as be effe&uab

if the fame were left with the perfon or perfons who fhall enter

into such recognizance or recognizances: and that no such-Reco£m'

,  n®,,  ,  n  1  &  .  ,  r  zances not to

recognizance lhall be eirreated or returned into the court or e(lrcated

exchequer until the next following feffions of oyer and terminer until the next

or general gaol delivery to be holden for such next adjoining following fcf-

county, in order that such recognizance or recognizances may h°ns«

be difcharged, in cafe the perfon or perfons who fhall have entered

into

69S

Perfons before whom such recognizances fhall he entered into, 6c c. to return them to the next court of oyer and terminer for the next adjoining county, upon notice of intention to pro fee ute at such iefpror.s for any offence committed within the county of any city or town corporate.

After such notice, bills fhall not be preferred, Sec. at any feilions for the county of the city or town corporate.

Juftices of oyer and terminer for the county may order the a* pences of prole cut ion, 6c c. to be paid, as if the indictment had been tried in the court of the county of the city or town corporate.

York to be confidcred as next county to Xinglton upon Hull, and Northumberland as next to New-caftle upon Tyne,

Act not to extend to certain places;

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 52. [1797.

into the fame fhall fhew to such court of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, fufficient caufe for difeharging the fame.

VII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every perfon and perfons, before whom any such recognizance or recognizances as aforefaid fhall be entered into, or by whom any examination or depofition fhall be taken, touching any such' offence or offences as aforesaid, fhall and they are hereby required to return the fame to the next court of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for such next adjoining county as aforesaid, upon such profecutor or profecutors as aforefaid leaving at the dwelling houfe or other place of abode of the perfon or perfons before whom such recognizance or recognizances fhall be entered into, or by whom such examination or depofition fhall be taken, ten days before the holding of any feffions of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery for such next adjoining or other county as aforesaid, notice in writing of his, her, or their intention to profecute such indictment or inquiiition at such laft-mentioned feflions of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, lor any offence or offences committed within the county of any city or town corporate; and that after the delivery as aforefaid of any of the faid notices, it (ball not be lawful for any perfon or perfons to prefer any bill or bills of indidlment, or to return any inqui-s fition, for any offence or offences mentioned in the faid recog^-nizances, or any of them, at or to any feflions of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery for the county of such city or town corporate.

VIII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes of indictments, and other proceedings, which may be tried before his'Majefty’s juftices qf oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery for any county, in purfuance of the pro-vifions contained in this act, it fhall and may be lawful for such juftices to order the expences of the profecution, and of the wit-, neffes, and of the feveral rewards payable in purfuance of the ffatutes in such cafes made and provided on the conviction of offenders, to be paid by and to the fame perfons, and in the fame manner, as the fame would be payable if such indictment had been tried in the court of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery of the county of such city or town corporate,

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the purposes of this act, the county of York fhall be confidered as the next adjoining county to the county of the town of Kingjlon 7/pcu Hull; the county of Northumberland as the next adjoining county to the county of the town of Newcajlle upon Tyne.

X.  Provided always, That nothing in this aft fliali extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the cities of London and Wejhninjlery or the borough of Southvari, or the city or county of the city of Brijlol, or the city or county of the city of Chejler, or to the criminal jurifdiftion of the city of Exeter and county of the fame city, unlefs in cafes of indiftment removed into his Majesty’s court of king’s bench by writ of Certiorari, from any court of.

criminal

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo G'Eorgii 111. c, 53.  699

criminal jurifdiftion, within the (aid city or county of the laid city of Exeter.

XI.  Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or nor to take be cOnftrued to extend, to take away anv other rights or privi-

leges which have been anciently granted to such corporations, privileges of by royal charters or grants, and which have been immemorially corporations, held and enjoyed by such corporations; but that they (hall con- whq fliall not tinue in the full poffeftion of all their other exclufive rights and privileges as much as if this aft of parliament had never pa/Ted, jurymen Up0n and that they fhall not be obliged to attend as jurymen upon the the trial of trial of any caufe or any indiftment which may be removedTrom any caufe in the limited jurifdiftion to the county at large, nor upon the trial £ounty at of any other caufe, or any other indiftment, which may be tried ° before his Majesty’s juftices of aftize, oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, in the next adjoining county.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho- Aft no.t rity aforesaid, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or

be conftrued to extend, to enable any perfon to prefer any bill of [Jill Qf indiftment for any offence committed, or charged to be com- ment for an mitted, within the county of any city or town corporate, to the offence corn-jury of such next adjoining county as aforesaid, or to remove any coum^of* indiftment or other criminal proceeding, except the perfon pre- any city or ferring such bill, or applying for such removal, (hall enter into a town corpo-recognizance before the court where such bill (hall be preferred, fate to the or the court or magiftrate to whom such application fhall be adjoining made, as the cafe may be, in the firm of forty pounds, conditioned county, unlefe to pay the extra cofts attending the profecuting for such offence recognizance in such next adjoining county, provided the court before whom he entered the trial is had fliall be of opinion that he ought to pay the fame,

coils.

CAP. LIII.

An aft for granting to his Majejiy a duty on certificates ififiued with refpeft to armorial bearings or enfilgns.—[June 21, 1798.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary lupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as fhall be adequate to the increafed charge occafioned by any loan to be raifed by virtue of any aft or afts for that purpose, to be p'afted in this feifion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moft: humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and wTith the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, From June 24* from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven I79*’ hundred and ninety-eight, there fhall be raifed, levied, collefted, following11^ and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britaini unto and be paid,

Vol. XLL  Aaa  for



Perform ufing armorial bearings on carriages, feals, plate, or ether articles, to take out an annual certificate: such certificates to per-l'ons keeping carriages, to be charged al. as.;

and to perfons not keeping them, but chargeable to the duties on houfes, Sec. il. is. ;

and to perfons not fo chargeable, ios. 6d.

Aft not to extend to the royal family, or to arms ufed by citie6, &c.

Duties to be under the management of the commif-fi oners for ftamps.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgix III. c. 53, [1797.

for the ufe of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceffors, the ftamp duties following; that is to fay,

That every perfon ullng or wearing any armorial bearing or enfign, by whatever name the fame (hall be called, or who (hall be poffefled of any carriage, or feal, or plate, or other article on which the fame fhall be painted, marked, engraved, or affixed, (hall previoufly enter his or her name, and annually take out a certificate thereof in the manner herein mentioned:

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate iffued to any perfon keeping a coach or other carriage, upon which any duty under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes is chargeable, and on which such armorial bearing or enfign fhall be painted, marked, or affixed, fhall be engroffed, written, or printed, there fhall be charged a ftamp duty of two pounds and two (hillings:

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate fhall be iffued to any perfon not keeping any such coach or other carriage, who fhall be charged to the duties on inhabited houfes, or to the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, by any a& palled in the prefent feffion of parliament, (hall be engroffed, written, or printed, there fhall be charged a ftamp duty of one pound and one fhilling:

And that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate iffued to any perfon not keeping any such coach or other carriage, nor being charged to the faid duties on inhabited houfes, or to the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, fhall be engroffed, written, or printed, there fhall be charged a ftamp duty of ten (hillings and fixpence.

II.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to extend to charge any of the royal family with any of the duties by this act impofed, or any perfon who fhall by right of office, or by appointment, wear or ufe any of the arms or infignia worn or ufed by the royal family, or ufed by any city, borough, or town corporate in Great Britain.

III.  And be it further enadled. That, for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the faid duties herein-before granted, the fame fhall be under the government, care, and management of the commiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to denote the payment of the faid duties by this act impofed, either by ufing any ftamps in their pofteffion heretofore provided to be ufed in relation to any former duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper* or to provide new ftamps for that purpose, and to renew or alter the fame from time to time as they fhall fee occafion, and to do all things neceffary to be done for putting this a£t in execution with relation to the faid duties heieby granted, in as full and ample a manner as they or the

major

1797*1 Anno rcgni tricefimo oAatfo Georgii IIL c. 53.  701

major part of them are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IV.  And be it further enabled,. That, for the greater conve- Commifnon-

nience in paying the faid duties, the faid commiffioners of damp  wltSif

duties, by any writing'under the hands and feals of any three or certain limits more of them, fliail and may appoint such and fo many offices for receipt of and places, within the limits of ten- miles from the head office of names, &c. ; ft imp duties in Middlcfex, for the receipt of all accounts of the ^trffiutors to names arid places of abode of perfons liable to the payment of appoint them the faid duties, within the faid limits, in purfuance of this a61, without such and that the refpedfive fiead diftributors of {lamps {hall alfo, hmits, &c. without the faid limits, in their refpe£tive divifions, with the

confent and approbation of the faid commiffioners, appoint in : every county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place, in Great Britain, one or more such offices and places for the receipt of all accounts of the names and places of abode of all other perfons liable to the payment of the faid duties, without the limits of ten miles from the head office as aforefaid; all which faid offices and places {hall refpedlively be kept open for the purposes of this adfc on such days, and during such periods of the year, as the faid 'Commiffioners {hall from time to time direct; which directions, and alfa the fituation of the refpedfive offices and places aforesaid, the faid commiffioners {hall caufe to be, from time to time, publickly advertifed in fome newfpaper ufually circulated in the neighbourhood of such offices or places refpecHvely, with the names of the officers appointed to fuperintend the fame.

V.  And be it further enadled, That, from and after the twenty- Perfons liable

fourth dav of Vune one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, niat^ en“

. . , ' . J  r  ,  ,  .  r  .  J  °  5  try, and on

or within the lpace of two calendar months next enfuing, every payment of

perfon liable to any of the duties by this a£t impofed, (hall make duty, c'ertifi-

fuch entry as aforesaid, by delivering, or caufing to be delivered, cat^s to he^

according to the directions of this a61, into the head office of ^ foUowin?

ftamps, or such other office as f,he faid commiffioners {hall ap- forms. *

point within the limits aforesaid, or in the office of the head

diftributors of ftamps, or their deputies, or other perfons appointed

to receive the fame, an account in writing, containing his or her

name and place of abode, and whether he or file is chargeable to '

the faid duties in refpeeft of, any coach or other carriage before

mentioned, or to any of the duties on inhabited houfes, or oti

houfes, windows, or lights, or one of the family, or a lodger or

inmate abiding in the houfe of any perfon, with the day, month,

and year, of delivering in the fame; and such commiffioners, or

their diftributors refpedlively, or their refpe£Hve deputies, or such

other perfon or perfons who {hall be appointed to receive such

accounts at the office or place of delivery, {hall thereupon, and

upon payment of the faid duty, iffue a certificate made out in the

name of the proper officer, and damped to denote the duty by

this a61 impofed, in the form and manner herein-after dire61ed;

and which account and certificate {hall refpedtiyely be made out

in the forms following; (that is to fay),

A A A 2  FORM



^le

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1797.

FORM OF ACCOUNT.

Day of in the year of our Lord      

Here fet forth the county and paiilh, ward, ftrcct, or town, where the office is fiiuatc.  Here fet forth the name or names of the parties.  Here fet forth the place of abode, containing town, fireet, panlh, and county.  Here fet forth whether the party is chargeable for the faid duties in relpect of any coadf or other carriage before mentioned, or to any of the duties on inhabited houfes,' or on windows or lights, or one of the family; videlicet, Wife, fon, daughter, &C. fas the cafe way be), or lodger or inmate, and the year for which the certificate is to , be taken out.

      : .

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

Counterpart.

Form of certificate.

Mere fet forth the number of certificate and date.

Here fet forth the name and place of abode of the party, or other defeription that may be nccelFary.

Here fet forth the county and town, or parifh, where the certificate is iliued, and the name of the officer ilTuing the fame, and the year for which the cer* tificate is ififued,

VI. And

1797O Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgii III. c. 53.  703

VI.  And be it further enadted, That every certificate i(Tued by Commence-virtue of this a6l, (hall ceafe and determine on the twenty-fourth {^rmination^f day of June after the fame (hall be iffued ; and every certificate certificates, taken out within two calendar months after the twenty-fourth

day of June one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, for the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or in any fubfequent year, for the year in which the fame fhall be iffued, (hall be in force until and upon the twenty-fourth day of June then next following, and fhall commence from the date thereof; and every certificate taken out for any year fubfequent to the year in which the fame (hall be iffued, fhall commence from the twenty-fourth day of June then next enfuing, and continue in force until and upon the twenty-fourth day of June in the fucceeding year.

VII.  And be it further enadled, That the faid commiffioners Commiffion-

of the flamp duties fhall caufe to be prepared books, in which  j?^arC

certificates fhall be printed in blank, and counterparts thereof, taining certi-for the names, places of abode, and defcription of the perfons re- ficates, &c. fpedlively, to whom the fame fhall be iffued, to be inferted therein;

which refpedtive certificates and counterparts thereof, fhall be of equal length and breadth as near as may be, and (ball be joined with fome flourifh or device, through which the certificates, being duly (lamped to denote the duty hereby impofed, may be cut off indentwife from the counterpart thereof, after being refpedlively numbered; and the faid commiffioners fhall take care to provide the feveral diflributors or other officers to be appointed to receive accounts from perfons liable to the faid duty by virtue of this adt, with fufficient numbers of the 'faid books containing such certificates and counterparts as aforesaid, that all and every the faid perfons may be fupplied with certificates, damped in purfuance of this adl, as they fhall require the fame; and the faid commif- On payment fioners and head diflributors refpedlively, or their officers aforesaid, tifortes to be who fhall receive any account or accounts, together with the delivered duties payable by virtue of this a£t as aforesaid, fhall forthwith, gratis, in refpedt of each and every perfon wbofe name and place of abode (hall be entered therein, fill up one of the faid certificates with the name, place of abode, and defcription of such- perfon entering such account, and the date of iffuing the fame, and fhall, in like manner, fill up the counterpart thereof with the faid particulars, and, as the fame are feverally filled up as aforesaid, (hall caufe the certificates to be carefully cut off, indentwife, from the counterparts, and delivered to the refpeclive perfons requiring the fame in manner aforesaid, on payment of the duty hereby impofed in refpedt thereof, and without fee or other charge.

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That the refpedtive diflri- Diflributors

butors and officers aforefaid (hall, whenever they (hall be there-  cer

unto required by the faid commiffioners of (lamp duties,, return tideates to the the faid books wherefrom the certificates to be iffued as aforefaid commiffion-fhall have been cut indentwife, to the faid commiffioners, at their ers, who fhall head office in Middlefex; and the faid commiffioners fhall caufe

one correct lift in. alphabetical order to be made out in every the perfons

A a a 3  year,  who have ob-

7°4

tained them to their officers in each county, &c.

for copies pf lifts.

Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii 111. c. 53. [1797.

year, of all and every the perfons who (hall have obtained certificates in purfuance of this adf, for each county, riding, divifion,-[hire, ftewartry, or place in Great Britain, containing the names, places of abode, and description of such perfons refpedfively, and {hall tranfmit a corredt copy thereof to such of their officers as the faid commiffioners (hall approve, in each county, riding, divifion, {hire, fiewartry, or place in Great Britain, which lifts and copies refpecftively at the head office of {lamps, and at the refpedfive offices in the feveral counties, ridings, divifions, {hires, ftewartries, and places in Great Britain, fhall be open to the in-fpedfion of any perfon, at all feafonable hours, on payment of f'ee to^hcpaid f1Xpence anc] n0 more; and the faid commiffioners, by their officers as aforesaid, are hereby required and directed, upon demand, to deliver a true copy or copies of all such lifts in their poffeftion, or of such of them as a copy {hall be demanded, to any perfon or perfons whatever, (fuch copy or copies, purporting to be a true copy or copies, to be certified and figned by such officers refpectively), for which no greater fee than three-pence (hall be charged, unlefs the copies fo demanded fhall contain the entries of two or more perfons, in which cafe there fhall be paid at the rate of fixpenee for every two perfons whofe. names are certified , therein; which faid lifts and parts of lifts, and alfo a copy figned as aforesaid, of them, or any of them, or any part thereof, {hall at all times and at all places be allowed and admitted as legal evidence of a certificate having been obtained by the perfon or perfons whose names {hall be certified therein; and such copy {hall arid may be required by any juftice of the peace in Great Britain, before whom any profecution (hall be depending, to be delivered gratis, on notice in writing being left at the office of the faid commiffioners, or their refpedfive officers in the county where such certificates {'hall have been granted, to whom refpectively the fame fhall appertain.

IX.  And be it further enadfed, That if any officer appointed to receive accounts of perfons names and places of abode, in purfuance of this adl, or to make out and iftue certificates, or to return lifts or copies thereof, fhall negledb to perform his or their duty in the execution of such office, with relation to the powers and truft vefted in them refpedlively by this acf, acccording to the rules and directions herein mentioned, or fhall commit, or fuffer to be committed, any undue or fraudulent pradfice in the execution of such office, and be thereof lawfully convidied, then such officer or other perfon aforefaid fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of thirty pounds,

X.  And be it further enadied, That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby impofed (except where other provifions are exprefsly made), fhall (if fued for within the fpace of three calendar months from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) he to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffiors, and the other moiety .thereof, with full cofts of fuit to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which {hall and may fie fued for in his

Majefty’s

Lifts and copies to be admitted as evidence.

Juftices may require copies gratis.

Penalty on officers for negledt of duty.

Application

and recovery of penalties fued for in three months

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo GeorgiiIIT. c. 53.  705

Majefty’s court of exchequer at JVeJhninJler, for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences-committed in Scotland\ by" action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoign, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That, in Recovery and default of profecution within the time herein-before limited, no ^nalt^no^ such penalty or forfeiture fhall be afterwards recoverable, except faedforwithin in the name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England, or ad- three months, vocate in Scotland, by information in the refpeftive courts afore-

faid, and in which cafe the whole of such penalty or forfeiture fhall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccelfors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and fhares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, fhall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty’s ftamp duties for the time being; and that in all cafes where the whole of such pecuniary penalcies or forfeitures fhall be recovered to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefFors, it fhall be lawful for the faid commiflioners to caufe such rewards as they fhall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or amongft any perfon or perfons who fhall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as difcoverers or informers, in refpe<Sb to such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it Juftices may fhall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace re-

Tiding near the place where the offence lhall be committed, to wjiere the pe. hear and determine any offence againft this aft, which fubjefts nalty does not the offender to any pecuniary penalty, not exceeding twenty exceed aol. pounds; which faid juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to fummon the party accufed, giving to each party three days notice to appear, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and to examine into the matter of faft, and upon proof made thereof either by voluntary confeffion of the party accufcd, or by the oath of one or more credible wknefs or witneffes, or otherwife, as the cafe may require, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this aft is diredted, to be di- Application vided one moiety thereof to the poor of the parilh or place where of penalty, the offence fliall be committed, and the other moiety thereof the informer or informers, and to award and iffue out his war-  1  *

rant under his hand and feal, for the levying the faid penalty ? adjudged of the goods of the offender, and to’ caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe they fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any) ; and where the goods of such offender cannot be found fufHcient to anfwer the penalty, to commit such offender to prifon, there to remain for any lpace of time, not exceeding fix nor lefs than three calendar

A A a 4  months*

Appeal may be made to the quarter feffions.

Cofts may be awarded.

706 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1797.

months, unlefs such pecuniary penalty {hall be (boner paid and Satisfied ; and if either party fhall find himfelf or themfelves ag~ grieved by the judgement of any such juftice, then he and they fhall and may, upon giving fecurity to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such cofts as fhall be awarded in cafe such judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feflions for the county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place, which fhall happen, after fourteen days next after such conviftion (hall have been made, and of which appeal reafonable notice fhall be given, who are hereby empowered to fummon and examine wit-nefTes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame ; and in cafe the judgement of such juftice fhall be affirmed, it (hall be lawful for such jufiices to award the perfon or perfons appealing, to pay such cofts occafioned by such appeal, as to Juftices may them fhall feem meet: provided alfo, That in cafe the party accufed adjourn bear- 0f any offence in ufing or wearing any armorial bearing or en-plaints^where without obtaining a certificate according to this abb, fhall the party infift in his excufe before the juftice of the peace, that he has fwears he has obtained a certificate in any county or place, and fhall, on his certificate1 in oat^ or a®rmati°n5 alledge and fet forth the county or place, another place an(^ ^me Staining the fame, it fhall be lawful, at the requeft of the party accufed, for the faid juftice of the peace to adjourn the hearing and determination of the complaint to a future time or times, to be in the difcretion of the faid juftice, in order for the party accufed to produce his certificate to such entry, or copy thereof, under the hand of the proper officer as herein is directed; and if at the end of the time or times fo to be allowed, such party fhall not produce to such juftice of the peace such certificate, or an entry or copy thereof as aforesaid, the faid juftice (hall proceed to the hearing and determining of such complaint Penalties may }n the manner before directed : provided neverthelefs, That it be mitigated. f^all ancj may be ]awful to and for the faid juftice, where he fhall fee caufe, to mitigate and leflen such penalties as he (hall think fit, (reafonable cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and fo as such mitigation doth not reduce the penalties to lefts than the moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the faid cofts and charges; any thing contained in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII1.  And be it further enafted, That the faid refpeftive distributors and officers (hall, within fix weeks after the receipt of the copy of such lift, make out, or caufe to be made out therefrom, correft lifts of all and every the perfons named therein, affixed on the for each city or town, parifti and place, within such county, cnureh doors, rjding, divifion, fhire, ftewartry, and place, and, within the period of seven days after, caufe the fame to be refpeftively tranfmitted to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, con-ftables, tythfng men, or other peace officers of or within such city, town, parifti, or place, or to fome or one of them, who

fhall,

Diftriblltors to trail In'.it copies of lifts to tiie pai till officers to be

i797-1 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 53.  707

fhall, within three days after the receipt of any such lift, caufe a true and exact copy thereof to be affixed on the church or chapel doors, and market crofs (if any) of such city, town, parifh or place; and if such town or place (hall not have a church or chapel, then on the church or chapel door of the next adjoining pariffi, and fhall caufe the fame to be, from time to time, replaced for the fpace of four weeks then next enfuing, and as often as it (hall be neceftary for that purpose, fhall, from time to time, during the faid fpace of four weeks, affix other copies thereof in like manner; and every perfon wilfully tearing, de- Penalty for facing, or removing any such copy fo affixed within the faid defacing eo-fpace of four weeks, fhall forfeit, for every offence, the fum of ^lLS‘ forty (hillings, on conviction before a juftice of the peace, as herein-after is directed, to be paid, one moiety thereof to such churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, conftable, tythingman, or other peace officer aforesaid, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers.

XIV.  And be it further enabled, Thar, from and after the Penalty for expiration of two calendar months after the twenty-fourth day

of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, if any out cerfifi. perfon (hall ufe or wear any armorial bearing or enfign, by what- cate, 8cc. ever name the fame (hall be called, or fhall be poffeffcd of or ufe any carriage, or feal, or plate, or other article on which any.armorial bearing or enfign fhall be painted, marked, engraved, or affixed, without having obtained a certificate from the proper officer of ftamps in the county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place where such perfon fhall refide, in purfuance and according to the directions of this aCt, every such perfon (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, which may be fued for and recovered in the county, (hire, ftewartry, or place, where such offender (hall be; and if any perfon having obtained any such certificate fhall afterwards fell, transfer, affign, or deliver the fame to any other perfon, with intent that such certificate (hall be fraudulently made ufe of to the diminution of his Majesty’s revenue, granted by this aCt, or if any perfon (hall fraudulently ufe any such certificate, in order to evade the payment of the faid duty by this act impofed, every such perlon (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of thirty pounds.

XV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfons from perfon who fhall come into this kingdom from foreign parts foreign parts fhall be required to obtain his or her certificate in purfuance of tificates^fter" this aff before the expiration of twenty-one days next after such 2i ^ayS frolIl arrival, and the proof of such perfon’s arrival from foreign parts, arrival,

and of. the' time of such arrival, fhall lie upon the party claiming such privilege.

XVI.  And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or per- Penalty on foils fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneiies to give evi- witneilVs ne-dence before such juftice, touching any of the masters relative

to this a6f, and (hall negleit or refufe to appear at the time and give'evidence. place to be for that purpose appointed, without a rcalonable ex-

cufe

708 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c.53. [1797.

cufe for such neglect or refufal, to be allowed of by such juftice of the peace, or appearing fhall refufe to be examined on oath, and give evidence before whom the profecution fhall be depending, that then every such perfon fhall forfeit, for every such of^ fence, the fum of forty fhillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed as to other penalties.

Convictions XVII. And be it futher ena&ed, That the juftice of the peace may be made before whom any offender fhall be conviCted as aforesaid, fhall Swin^^rm^ cau^e t^ie conviction to be made out in the manner and form •  1  following,  or  in any other form of words to the fame effect,

mutatis mutandis, (that is to fay),

) E it remembered, That on the  day  of

in the year of our Lord  .  in the

county of  A.  B. of  was

convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty’s juftiees of the peace for  refiding near the place where the

offence was committed, for that the faid A. B. on the day of  now  laft  paft, did, contrary to the form

of the ftatute in that cafe made and provided, [here Jiate the offence againjl the a£l\ and I do declare and adjudge that the faid A. B. hath forfeited the fum of  of  lawful  money

of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be diftributed as the law directs. Given under my hand and feal, the day of

CoTrvi&ionsto Which conviction the faid juftice fhall caufe to be wrote fairly the^ u-^rter uPon Parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter feflions to be feflions .of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, fibre, filed, &c. ftewartry, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by the proper officer there, and there to remain and be kept among the records of the fame county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place, and no such conviction fhall be removed by Certiorari, or other procefs, into any court whatfoever.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon fhall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any ftamp or mark directed or allowed to be ufed or provided, .made or ufed, in purfuance of this a£t, for the purpose of denoting the duty by this aCt granted, or fhall counterfeit or re-femble the impreffion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, of the faid duty, or fhall utter, vend, fell, or expofe to fale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the faid duty, with such counterfeit mark or impreffion thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited ; or fhall privately or fraudulently nfe any ftamp directed or allowed to be ufed by this abt, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, of the faid duty; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy,

XIX. And

Penalty for

counterfeiting. &c. ftajnps.

1797*1 Anno regnt tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. 0,54,  709

XIX.  And be it further ena£!ed, That all powers, provifions, Provifions of articles, claufes, allowance cn prefenj: payment of the duty, and r<Ta^\'^s all other matters and things prefcribed and appointed by any for-

mer acft or acfts of parliament relating to the {lamp duties on to extend to vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), (hail this adt.

(as far as the fame are applicable) be in full force and effeift with, relation to the duty hereby impofed, and fhall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, levying, coliedling, and fecuring, the faid duty hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this adl, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had feverally and refpectively been re--enabled, with relation to the faid duty hereby impofed.

XX.  And be it further enacted, That the duties herein-before Duties <0 be granted fhall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the to the^re-receiver general for the time being of the duties on ftamped vel- oHUmps?and lum, parchment, and paper, who fhall pay the fame, the necef- by him into fary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame be- the excising deduced, into the receipt of the exchequer, at such timeycllHr*

and in such manner, as the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt as aforesaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

XXI.  Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That the Application monies arifmg or to arife of the duty hereby granted, or fo much °*" duties, thereof as fhall be fufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to

the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increafed charge oc-cafioned by such part of any loan, made by virtue of any a<t or acts paffed in this feffion of parliament, as doth not exceed the fum of seven millions ; and that the faid monies fhall, during the Ipace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there fhall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the faid receipt, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffioti of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as aforesaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

C A P. LIV.

An a51 to amend feveral laws of excife relating to coach makers, auctioneers, beer and cyder exported, certificates and debentures, /lamps on hides and /kins, drawbacks on wines and /wests, and ale and beer licences.—[June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-fifth, year of the Pre?‘mble.

reign of his prefent Maje/ly, intituled, An a<51: for granting 25 Geo* 3-to his Majesty certain duties upon licences to be t;aken out by c* 45> rcClte<*'

coach-

7 JO Anno regni tricefimo-o&avo Georgii III. c. 54. {1797.

coachmakers, and alfo certain duties upon carriages to be built for fale ; it is enabled, That every coachmaker Jhall, once in fix weeks, deliver a true account in writing of the number and kinds of fuel? carriages as in the faid a51 is mentioned, which he or jhe Jhall have made, built, or conflruCled\ and fold, within fix iveeks, and of the days on zuhich each carriage reffectively was delivered or fent out of his or her /hop or warehoufe, in manner as in the faid ad is directed: and whereas it is expedient to provide that every such account Jhould alfo contain the feveral matters and things herein-after mentioned: be it therefore enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by In the ac- the authority of the fame, That in every such account in writ-counts dire(51- jng delivered at the chief office of excife in London, or at the a<5l to heaven oknee of excife at Edinburgh, or to any collector or fuper-in by coach- vifor of excife, by any coachmaker in purfuance of the faid a&, makers to the such coachmaker fhall fpecify the particular day on which each excile office, fUch carriage was delivered or fent out of his or her fhop or cubi^Vo be1* warehoufe, and the name and place of abode of the perfon or inferted, and Perfons to or for whom each such carriage was fo delivered or

iworn to.

fent;

Penalty on auctioneers

in the legal time, See,

and such coachmaker, or his or her chief workman or manager, fhall make oath to the truth of such account according to the bell of his knowledge and belief; which oath fhall be ad-roiniftered by such perfon as by the faid aCt is direCted to admi-nifter the former oath by the faid aCt preferibed.

II. And be it further enaCted, That every auctioneer who (ball negleCl or refufe to make payment within the time limited by law duties cmfales f°r payment thereof, of any duty or duties arifing or charged, or chargeable for or by reafon of any fale or fales by way of auction, by him held, fhall forfeit and lofe for every such offence double the lum of the faid duty whereof the payment fhall be fo negleCted or refufed; and in cafe within fourteen days next after any such auctioneer fhall have been convicled in the faid laft-mentioned penalty, and execution or procefs fhall have iffued on such convition to levy the faid penalty, no goods or chattels, or not fufficient goods or chattels, belonging to such auctioneer fhall be found whereon to levy the whole of the faid penalty in which he fhall have been fo convicted, and such penalty or any part thereof fhali remain unpaid at the end of every such fourteen days, or if it fhall appear that such auctioneer hath aCted contrary to the true intent and meaning of his bond, then, and in each and every such cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of excife to caufe the bond entered into to be put in fuit againft such auctioneer and his fureties, unlefs the faid commiffioners of excife fhall fee fufficient caufe to forbear the fame ; and thereupon, in cafe of a verdiCt or judgement againft such auctioneer, his licence fhall thenceforth become void to all intents and purposes.

III. And whereas, by the laws now in force, no provifon is made to relieve auctioneers againfi any over-payment made for or on account of the duty on fales at auction., fave and except, in the cafe of fales by

auction



1797*1 Anno regnl tricefimo oftavo Georgn III. c. 54“  711

autlion of efiates, goods, or chattels, rendered void by reafon that the

perfon for ivhofe benefit the fame were fold, /W ha ///Z? to the fame,

or no right to difpofe thereof: and whereas it is expedient to grant

relief to every auctioneer making any over-payment for or on account

of the duty arifing on any fale at audion ; be it therefore enaded.

That if any audioneer (hall make any over-payment for or on If auctioneer*

account of the duty arifing on any fale at auction, it fhall and ^^entsTof

may be lawful to and for the audioneer making such over-pay- duties^they

ment, within twelve months next after the time of making such may complain

over-payment, to lay his complaint before the commiffioners of to thecom-

excife, or juftices of the peace, within whose iurifdidion refpec- mi^oners °f ^  j  1  7  4  1  '  excite or

tively such fale was made ; and the faid commiflioners of excife, juftiCeS'where

or juftices of the peace refpedively, upon such complaint to them the fale was made by or on the behalf of such audioneer, (hall, and are hereby made, who required to hear and determine all such complaints, and examine J^]^re,ieVC the witneffes upon oath, which (hall be produced as well on the behalf of the party making such complaint as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties, which oath they have hereby power to adminifter; and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party fo complaining of fo much of such payment as (hall be fo made out before them to have been overpaid ; any thing in any ad or ads of parliament contained to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding.

IV.  And whereas the laivs now in force relating to the exportation of beer, in order to obtain the bounty or drawback by law allowed on the exportation of such beer, are not fufficient to anfwer the good pur-pofes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to make further provifion in that behalf ; be it therefore enaded. That, before any To obtain the perforf or perfons (hall receive any bounty or drawback for or in ^rawback on refped of beer entered for exportation, in order to obtain any the folio wing* such bounty or drawback, the brewer, or his, her, or their oaths to be known fervant, or the exporter, or his, her, or their known made; fervant, (as the cafe may require), fhall, on the debenture, make such oath (as the cafe may require,) before one or more of the commiffioners of excife, or before the proper col-Jedor or other officer of excife, (which oath any one or more of the faid commiffioners, or such colledor or other officer, is hereby authorifed and empowered to adminifter), as is hereinafter in that behalf prefcribed ; which refpedive oaths fhall be in the words or to the effed following:

OATH for beer exported by the brewer.

4 Y A. B. do folemnly fwear, That the above-mentioned X  barrels  of  ftrong beer were put on board the fhip

or veflel above named, and exported therein as merchandize to be fpent beyond the Teas, and no part thereof for the (hip’s ufe ; and that the excife duty has been charged on the faid beer as ftrong.

So help me GOD/

OATH

y i2 Anno regni tricefimo ofliavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1797.

OATH for beer exported by any other perfon.

* T A. B, do (wear, That, to the bed of my knowledge and JL belief, the abbve-mentioned  barrels

of ftrong beer were put on board the (hip or vefiel above-named, and exported therein as merchandize to be fpent beyond the Teas, and no part thereof for the (hip’s ufe; and that, by the officer’s certificate, it appears the faid beer was brewed by of  common brewer, and the excite duty charged

on the fame as (Irong beer.

So help me GOD.’

V.  And whereas the laws now-in force relating to the exportation cf cyder, in order to obtain the drawback by law allowed on the exportation of fuel? cyder, are not fufficient to tin fiver, the good purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to wake further provi-and on cyder, fion tn that behalf; be it therefore enabled, That before any per-the following fon or perfons fhall receive any drawback for or in refpeft of cy-'  der entered for exportation, in order to obtain any firch draw-

back, the exporter of such cyder, or his, her, or their fervant, fhall-on the debenture make such oath before any one or more of the faid commifiioners of excife, or before the collector or other officer of excife, (which oath any one or: more of the^faid commifiioners, or such collector or other officer,' is hereby author i fed and empowered to adminifler), as is herein-after pre-feribed ; which oaih Avail be in the words, or to the effect, following ;

GATH for cyder exported.

c J A. B. do fwear, That, to the beft of my knowledge and A belief, the above-mentioned  ■_  bogfheads

of cyder were put on board the fhip or vefiel above-named, and expor ted therein as merchandize to be fpent beyond the feas, and no part thereof for the (hip’s ufe; and that the duties of excife have been charged thereon, and have not been repaid.

So help me GOD.’

500I. penalty VI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons ioi counter- whatever (hall counterfeit or forge, or caufe or procure to be crit1's^cr givcounterfeited or forged, any certificate authorifedor required to infer rcceiv-  be granted  by  any officer  or officers of  excife, under or by vir-

take  ones,  ttic of any  a£t  or acts of  parliament in  force immediately before

&c*  the paffing  cf  this acl, and relating to  any of the duties of excife, or if  any  perfon or  perfons (hall  knowingly or willingly

give any fa]fe or untrue certificate as aforelaid, or fhall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any falfe or untrue certificate as aforesaid, or if any perfon or perfons Avail fraudulently alter or er2fe any such true certificate after the fame fhall have been given or granted by the proper officer or officers of excife, or if any perfon or perfons fhall knowingly or willingly publifh or make ufe of any such certificate fo counterfeited, forged, falfe,

untrue,

7 *3

1797.3 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c* 54.

untrue, altered, or erafed, every perfon or perfons fo offending fhall for each and every such offence feveraliy forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds*

VII.  And be it further ena&ed, That upon every aCHon, bill. Defendants to plaint, or information, entered or filed in any of his Majesty’s

courts of record at Wejhninjler, or court of exchequer in Scot- penalty/ land, for the faid penalty of five hundred pounds, a Capias in the firft procefs fhall or may iffue, fpecifying such penalty; and the defendant or defendants fhall be obliged to give fufficient bail by natural-born fubjedls, perfons naturalized or denizens, to the perfon or perfons to whom such Capias fhall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such Capias fhall iffue, at the day of the return of such writ, to anfwer such fuit or profecution, and fhall likewife, at the time of such appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity in the faid court, to anfwer and pay such penalty Or penalties of five hundred pounds, in cafe, he, fhe, or they, fhall be conviCted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prifon.

VIII.  And be it further enaCted, That if any officer or offi- Officers of ex* cers of excife fhall knowingly or collufively accept or receive counterfeited any counterfeited, forged, or untrue certificate, as and for a certificates, or lawful and true certificate duly granted by any officer or officers giving impro-of excife, under and by virtue of any aCt or a&s of parliament

in force immediately before the paffing of this aCt, and relating th'at uncJue 9 to any of the duties of excife, or fhall, under colour of any such drawback Counterfeited, forged, or untrue certificate, knowingly or col- may be ob-lufively give to any maker or manufacturer qf, or dealer in, any goods, wares, merchandize, or commodity, for or in refpeCt whereof any duty of excife is by law impofed, any undue or improper credit in any book or books relating to the faid duties of excife, for the purpose of creating or keeping up an undue or fictitious flock of any such goods, wares, merchandize, or commodity, with intent that any such maker, manufacturer, or dealer, fhall or may obtain any undue payment or allowance by way of drawback of any of the duties of excife, for or on account of any such goods, wares, merchandize, or commodity, never in reality (hipped and exported, then and in every such cafe the officer or officers of excife fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall, for such his or their offence, be tranfported as a felon or felons for the fpace of seven years, in such manner as felons are appointed to be tranfported by an aCt made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the effectual tranfportatioti of felons and other offenders, and to authorife the removal of prifoners in certain cafes ; and for other purpojes therein mentioned.

IX.  And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or perfons Perfons conn*

fhall, with intent to defraud his Majesty, counterfeit or forge, terteitmg de-or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any debenture  i ire Vi fe^ o f

in any cafe in which a debenture is by any aCt or acts of parlia- them, guilty ment relating to the duties of excife required or directed to be of felony

given  bene~

0 fit ot clergy.

714  “  Anno  regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 1IL c. 54. [1797-

given or granted, or (hall knowingly or willingly utter, publifh* or make ufe of any such counterfeited or forged debenture, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convidled, {hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon or felons, and have execution awarded againft him, her, or them, as perfons attainted of felony without benefit of clergy.

9  Annas, c. u ; X. And vehercas by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of

her late majejly fthieen Anne, for laying certain duties upon hides and fkins tanned, tawed, or-drejfed, and on vellum and parchment, certain duties lucre impofed for and upon hides and fkins tanned, tawed, or drejfed in Cheat Britain, in manner in the fa id aft mentioned, and provifion was by the faid aft made for marking and Jlamping all the hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and fkins, tanned, tawed, or drefed, and all the vellum and parchment made in Great Britain during the continuance of that aft, for fecuring the duties thereby impofed ; and it was provided, that if any perfon or perfons whatever. Jhould at any time or times thereafter counterfeit or forge any jlamp or mark to refemble any Jlamp or mark which fmilcl be provided or. made in purfuance of the faid aft, or Jhould counterfeit or .refemble the hnprejfion of the fame upon any hide or fkin, or piece of any hide or fkin, or any vellum or parchment, thereby to defraud her faid Majcfy, her heirs and fucceffors, of any of the faid duties thereby granted, or Jhould utter, vend, or Jell, any hide or fkin, or piece of any hide or fkin, vellum or parchment, with such counterfeit mark or impreffon thereupon, knoiuing such mark or imprejfion to be counterfeited, then every such perfon fo offending, being thereof convifted in due form of law, Jhould be adjudged a felon, and Jhould Jujfer death

10 Annse,  as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy: and whereas by another

c. 26 ;  aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her faid late Majejly, cer-

tain additional duties were impofed for and upon hides and fkins tan-ned, tawed, or drejfed in Great Britain, in manner in the faid aft jnentioned; and it ivas by the faid aft amongfl other things enafted,

\That the feveral and rejpeftive additional or new rates and duties by that aft impofed upon all or any such hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and Jkins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, fioould and might, from time to time, be afeertained, raifecl, received, levied, recovered, and fecured by such ways, means, and ?nethods, and by the fame or dijfereyit famps and marks, and under such pains of death and other penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers of adjudging the faid duties, and adjudging and mitigating the faid penalties andforfeitures, or any of them, and other powers, and fubjeft to proportional allowances, drawbacks, and repayments, and to such rules and dir eft ions, and in such methods, manner, and form as the refpeftive duties upon the like hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and fkins, made wares, vellum, and parch?nent, granted by the faid aft made in the ninth year of her Majejly s reign, were by that aft, or any law or fatute thereby referred unto, prefer!bed, appointed, or enafted during the continuance thereof, to be afeertained, raifed, received, levied, fecured, or recovered, and that the aft lafl-metiUgned, and all the claujes, pains of death, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, dire ft ions, matters and things therein contained, or

thereby

V 1797O Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 54.  715

thereby referred unto, for the raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, paying, or accounting for the faid duties thereby granted, or tfry arrearages of the fame, or any way relating to the fame duties, pains, penalties, or forfeitures by that aft chargeable, by force and virtue of that prefent aft, fhould be continued, praftifedand put in execution for raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fccuring, paying, and accounting for the duties upon hides and fkins, and pieces of hides andfkins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, by that aft granted, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of that aft: and whereas by another aft, made in the third year of the reign of his late rnajefiy King George the Firfi, 3 Geo. i. c. j; the faid duties were made perpetual; and by another aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his late mojefiy King George the Firfi, 5 Geo.i.c. *; among other things for the better fecuring the duties on hides and fkins, vellum and parchment, reciting that, for preventing the counterfeiting of any fiamp or fiamps, feal or feals, which bad been, or fhould be appointed to be ufed to denote the charging of the duties, or of the additional duties, which by feveral afts, the one made in the ninth, and the other in the te?itb years of the reign of her late majefly fjhieen Anne, were fet and impofed upon hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and fkins, and upon vellum and parchment, tanned, tawed, dreffed, or made, it was enafted, Fhat the commiffioners which for the time being were or fbould be appointed for the receipt, government, and management of the faid duties, or additional duties, arifng in England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the major part of them ; and alfo, the commiffioners which for the time being ivere or fioould he appointed for the receipt, government, and management of the faid duties, or additional duties, arifing in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhould refpeftively have full power and authority, and thereby were refpeftively empowered and au-thorfed, from time to time, when and fo often as they refpeftively fhould fee occafion, to dire ft, caufe, and procure, new fiamps or feals to be made for the marking and fiamping all such hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and fkins, and of vellum and parchment, as jhould refpeftively be tanned, tawed, dreffed, or made, either in England, or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to be made vfe of for the refpec-five purposes before mentioned, in the lieu and ficad of such other fiamps, marks, or feals, as, before* the refpeftive time and times of providing and appointing such new ones, fbould refpeftively have been ufed for the purposes before mentioned, and that such new fiamps and Jeals fo to be provided as aforesaid, from the refpeftive time and times when they refpeftively fhould he fo as aforefaid ordered to be ufed for the refpeftive purposes aforesaid, fhould refpeftively be and were thereby declared to be the legal and authentick fiamps and feals re-fpeftively to be made ufe of for the refpeftive purposes before mentioned \ and that the counterfeiting or forging any fiamp or feal to referable any fiamp or feal which in purfuance of the faid aft jhould be fo as aforefaid direfted or ordered, or the counterfeiting or refem-bling of the impreffion of any such fiamp or fiamps, feal or feals, fo Vol. XLI.  Bbb  direfted

716 Anno regni tricefimoo&avo Georg 11 III. c.54. [1797.

dire fled, or ordered as aforesaid, or any hide or jkin, or piece of any hide or fun, or on any vellum or parchment, whereby to defraud his faid Majefly, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the duties impofed or charged by the faid affs, or either of them, or the uttering, vending, or fellings any hide or Jkin, or any piece of any hide or Jkin, or any vellum or parchment, with such counterfeit mark or imprejfion thereupon, knowing such mark or imprejfion to be counterfeitedfjhould render and make the offender and offenders therein fubjeft and liable to the like penalties, forfeitures, and pains of deaths as was and were mentioned and expreffed in the faid aft made in the faid ninth year of the reign of her faid late majejly ffiueen Anne : and whereas by another art made in the twenty fleventb year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, among other things, for repealing the feveral duties of cuf-toms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, the faid duties on hides andfkins, tanned, tawedor dreffed, in Great Britain, are repealed, and in lieu thereof other duties of excife impofed for hides and fkins, and parts and pieces of hides and fkins, tanned,', tawed, or drefed, in Great Britain, in manner mentioned in the faid act; and by another a5l made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, among other things, for repealing the duties on hides and fkins drefed in oil in this kingdom, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, the excife duties impofed by the faid att of the tiventy-feventh year of the" reign of his prefent Majefly for hides and fkins, and parts and pieces of hides and fkins, drefed in oil in Great Britain, arc repealed, and in lieu thereof other duties of excife impofed, for such hides and fkins, and parts and pieces of hides and 31 Geo. 3. and fkins, dreffed in oil in Great Britain : and whereas by another c.17, recited. made in the thirty-firfl year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, among other things, for repealing certain duties of excife upon tamicd goat fkins and Jheep fkins, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof the duties of excife by the faid a£t of the twenty-feventh year of the reign aforesaid, impofed for goat fkins tanned with Jhurnack, or otherwife, in Great Britain, to referable Spanifh leather, and for /keep fkins tanned for roans, (being after the nature of Spanifh leather), in Great Britain, are repealed, and in lieu thereof other duties of excife impofed for goat fkins tanned with fhumack, or other-wife, in Great Britain, to referable Spanifh leather, and for Jheep fkins tanned for roans, (being after the nature of Spanifh leather ), in Great Britain : and whereas doubts have arifen whether by the faid afts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-firfl years of the reign of his prefent Majefly, or by either of them, or by any other aft or adls of parliament now in force, the pains of death impofed by the faid afts of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of her faid late majejly ffueen Anne, and of the fifth year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Firfl, or by any or either of them, remain in force againfl. any perfon who fhall counterfeit or forge any flamp or mark to re-Jemble any flamp or mark provided, made, altered, or renewed, in purfuance of the faid three lafl mentioned afls, or any or either of them, for the /lamping and marking any such hides and fans tanned, tawed, or dreffed, in Great Britain, or againfl any perfon who fhall counterfeit or refembk the imprejfion of the fame upon any hide or Jkin,

or

*7 Geo. 3. c. 13 i

aS Geo. 3.

c. 3 7>

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 54.  7*7

or piece of any hide or fkin, thereby to defraud his prefent Majejtyy his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the faid duties impofed by the faid aids of the twenty-eighth and thirty-firJi years of the reign of his prefent Majefiyy or either of themy or againjl any perfon who Jhall utter, vendy or felly any hide or fkiny or any piece of any hide or fkin, with such counterfeit mark or imprejfion thereupon, knowing such mark or imprejfion to be counterfeited: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, be it declared and enacted, and it is hereby declared and enaded, That the pains of death impofed The pains of by the faid ads of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anney and of the fifth year of the reign Anns, and of his late majefty King George the Firft, or by any or either of 5 Geo. 1. to them, do and {hall remain in force againft all and every perfon be in force or perfons who, after the pafling of this ad, {hall counterfeit or fcfns^h^fhall forge any ftamp or mark to refemble any ftamp or mark, pro- counterfeit vided, made, altered, or renewed in purfuance of the faid three (tamps pro-lafl>mentioned ads, or any or either of them, for the damping vided in pur-and marking any such hides and {kins, tanned, tawed, or drefled ^eelaftmen-in Great Britain \ and alfo againft any perfon or perfons who, tioned afts, after the pafling of this ad, fhall counterfeit or refemble the im- &c. preffion of any such ftamp or mark upon any hide or (kin, or piece of any hide or (kin, thereby to defraud his prefent Majesty, ’his heirs or fucceftors, of any of the faid duties impofed by the faid ad of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, or by the faid ad of the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, and alfo againft any perfon or perfons, who, after the palling of this ad, (hall utter, vend, or fell, any hide or {kin, or any piece of any hide or (kin, with such counterfeit mark or impreflion thereupon, knowing such mark or impreffion to be counterfeited, and that all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever, who after the pafling of this ad, (hall counterfeit or forge any ftamp or mark to refemble any ftamp or mark which hath already been or fhall hereafter be provided, made, altered, or renewed in purfuance of the faid ads of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Amiey and of the fifth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Firft, or of any or either of the faid ads, or any other ad or ads of parliament now in force, for the damping and marking any such hides and {kins, tanned, tawed, or drefled, in Great Britain, or who, after the palling of this ad, fhall counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of any such ftamp or mark upon any hide or (kin, or piece of any hide or (kin, thereby to defraud his prefent Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the faid duties impofed by the faid ad of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, or by the faid ad of the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, or who, after the paffing of this ad, (hall utter, vend, or fell, any hide or {kin, or piece of any hide or (kin, with such counterfeit mark or impreflion thereupon, knowing such mark or impreflion to be counterfeited, then every such perfon fo offending, being thereof convided in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon,

n b 2  and

718 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1797*

and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XI. And whereas, hy an at1, puffed in the lajlfeffjion of parliament,

iri^additional %tn^iu^ech An a<£t for granting to his Majesty additional duties on

duties on foreign wines, and Britijh fweets, and on foreign wines fold by auc-

foreign wines, tion, it is, amongft other things, enabled, That, on the exportation of any

See, recited, foreign zuine,for or in refpeft whereof the duties by the faid aft im~

pofedjhall have been duly paid, there JJ)all be alloived and paid, by the

proper officer or officers of the cufloms to the exporter or exporters, a

and draw-  drawback of the faid duties : and whereas great inconvenience ivill

backs allowed  arife  by such mode of paying the. drawbacks, zvhere the officers of excife

by it, to be  have  received the duty ; be it therefore enadted, That the , draw-

paid by the  back  allowed by the faid recited a<5t on the exportation of wine,

omcers ot  /  *  9

excife where  Pa^ by the proper officer or officers of the excife, in all

they have cafes where the duty to be drawn back has been, or may hereafter

be, received by the officers of that revenue; any thing in the faid

recited a£t contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XIL And be it further enabled. That all and every such

received the duty.

Drawbacks

to be allowed, drawbacks of the faid duties of excife fhall be paid and allowed 26°Geo ^ t0 uPon t^e ^ame terms and conditions, and under and fubjeeft, c* 59!°* and accorc^ng to the rules, regulations, reftridlions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, in and by an a6t, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, andfor granting new duties in lieu thereof to be collefted under the management of the com-miff oners of excife \ and the faid rules, regulations, reftri&ions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (fo far as the fame can or may be fo applied), fhall be, and the fame refpedlively are hereby directed to be ufed, applied, pradlifed, and put in execution for the purpose of obtaining the faid drawbacks of the duties of excife, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the faid rules, regulations, reftrictions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, had been exprefsly repeated and re-enadted in this adt: provided always neverthelefs. That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to entitle any perfon or perfons whatever to any such drawback, unlefs it (ball be proved, to the fatisfadlion of the commiffioners of excife, that the duties of excife to be drawn back have been adlually paid, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of them the faid commiffioners, or to the major part of them in England and Scotland refpedlively, for the time being,

XIII.  And whereas, by an aft, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An adl for the more effectual prevention of felling ale and other liquors, by perfons not duly licenfed ; it ivas enafted, That no perfon foouldfell ale or beer, by retail, in his, her, or their houfe, in that part of Great Britain called England, tvithout being duly licenfed fo to do, under a certain Penalty in penalty therein provided: and zuhereasit is expedient to exempt perfons noMo*extend from  fad penalty, for or in rej'peft of any such file of beer or ale, as

to beer or ale ^ herein*after mentioned5 be it therefore enaefted by the authority

aforefaid.

Drawback not to be allowed, un-lels proof be made of payment of duty.

3S Geo. 3. c. 113, recited.

1797-] Annoregni tricefimo oflavoGEORGii III. c. 55*  7*9

aforefaid, That no perfon fhall be liable to the faid penalty for or fold in cafk3 by reafon of his or their felling or difpofmg of beer or ale, in ft than cafks, containing not lefs than five gallons, or in bottles, not lefs five gauons> than two dozen reputed quart bottles, not to be drank in his, or in bottles her, or their houfe, outhoufe, yard, garden, orchard, or other not left than place; any thing in the faid recited a£t contained to the contrary q™arts°z€n in anywife notwithftanding.

XIV.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Perfons taking That any perfon or perfons who fhall be convi&ed of wilfully falfe oaths to taking a falfe oath in any of the cafes in which an oath is by this ^ penalties a£f ciredled or required to be taken, fhall (unlefs where other- for perjury., wife exprefsly directed by this a<£l) be liable to the pains and

penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty for

That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall aflault, refill, aflaulting oppofe, moleft, obftruft, or hinder, any officer or officers of  t  e

excife, in the due execution of this a&, or of any of the powers *

or authorities hereby given or granted to any such officer or officers, or fhall by force or violence, refeue, or caufe to be refeued, any feizure made by such officer or officers under or by virtue of thisadl, or fhall attempt or ,endeavour fo to do, or after such feizure, or whilft any such officer or officers is or are attempting to make any feizure under or by virtue of this a£l, all and every perfon or perfons fo offending, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds,

XVI.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Recovery and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, irnpofed by this act, or application by the faid a£t made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent £nder thi^att Majesty’s reign, fhall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, or qco< £ by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or for- 0*49* feiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any

law or laws of excife, or by a£tion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpe£lively, and that (except where otherwife exprefsly directed by this a£l) one moiety of every such fine, penalty or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who lhall inform, difeover, or fue the fame.

CAP. LV.

An aft for augmenting the number of field officers and other officers of militia 5 and for making other provifions concerning the militia forces of this kingdom.—[June 21, 1798.}

WHEREAS the militia forces of this kingdom having keen Preamble.

confiderably augmented during the prefent war, it is expedient that the number of field officers, and other officers for the command of the feveral regiments, battalions, and companieSy of which such militia may confiffi Jhould be increafed as the exigency of the fervice may

e B b 3  require  *

720 Anno regni tricefimo oflavo Georgii 111. c. 55- Cx797-

require; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enadled ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled. His Majesty and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for his the^Tmmber  by  any order fignified by his Majesty’s fecretary of ftate,

of field and at any time during the prefent war, to dire£t the number of other .officers officers in any regiment or battalion in a&ual fervice, to be augmented by the appointment of such officers, and of such rank refpe&ively as the exigency of the fervice may require, and alfo to direct proper officers to be appointed to any additional companies; and the lieutenants, and alfo the deputy lieutenants 3uthorifed to adt in the ftead of the lieutenants upon the vacancy of the office or abfence of the lieutenant of the feveral counties, ridings, and places, in that part of Great Britain called England, {ball proceed forthwith in purfuance of his Majesty’s.orders, to do all such a£ls as fhali be neceffary for the purpose of making such augmentation of field officers and other officers as aforefaid ; and the perfons such pay, &c. who fhali be fo appointed field officers and other officers of any as those alrea- regiment or battalion of militia, in purfuance of this adl, fhali be yappoin e . entjt]ecj to such pay during fervice, and to all other emoluments and advantages, as the field officers and other officers of militia now appointed of the fame rank refpedlively are by law entitled unto; any thing in any a£I contained to the contrary thereof

in any regi ment, Scc. to be aug, me n ted.

who fhali be entitled to

Any militia officer accepting a com-miffion of the fame rank in another regiment, to rank according to the date of his firft com-miffion.

When a reduction is to be made of the officers in any regiment, it ihall t ike place from the youngeft of each rank,

See.

Where a fee and adjutant is appointed to any regiment, a certain brevet rank alfo to be given him.

notwithftanding.

If. And be it further enabled, That any militia officer of any militia regiment, battalion, or independent company, who may have accepted, or (hall, during the continuance of the prefent war, accept a com million or appointment of the fame rank in any other militia regiment, battalion, or independent company, fhali continue to rank in the general fervice according to the date of his firft commiffion or appointment in the militia.

Ilf. And be it further enacled, That whenever it fhali be judged expedient to reduce the number of field officers, or of other officers, in any regiment or battalion of militia, the reduction of officers fhali take place from the youngeft of each rank refpedtively: and that in cafe any officer, being duly qualified according to the a<5t paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft to amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, fhali be fo reduced, such officer fhali, notwithftanding such reduction, be competent to fucceed to any vacancy which may occur in such regiment of battalion of militia, of an equal rank with that which such officer filled at the time such reduction took place.

IV.  Be it alfo, and it is hereby enafted^That in all cafes where it may be found neceffary to appoint a fecond adjutant to any regiment of militia, it fhali be lawful for the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to grant to such fecond adjutant, unlefs his Majesty fhali difapprove of the fame, the rank of lieutenant by brevet; or if he fhali have ferved in his Majesty’s other forces,

any

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 56.  721

any rank which he may have held therein* not exceeding that of captain lieutenant by brevet alfo.

V.  And be it further enacted, That if any perfon enrolled in County lieu-the fupplementary militia for any county* riding, or place, in tenant, °n purfuance of two a<fts paffed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign tificate of the* of his prefent Majesty, or either of them, (hall have enlifted in commanding any regiment of his Majesty’s other forces, or (hall have entered officer, of into any of his Majefly’s {hips of war, previous to the fifteenth day o{May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and fuppiemen. {hall be actually ferving in such regiment or {hip of war, it {hall tary militia be lawful for the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, having enlift-where such perfon was fo enrolled, or in his abfence for any ^rm^or^ three deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, and he jnto the navy, and they is and are hereby required, on proof of such enliftment previous to and fervice, by the certificate of the colonel or commanding May 15,1798, officer of the regiment into which such perfon ftiall have enlifted and'{hall be ferving, or on proof of such entrance and fervice, fyom t^e by the certificate of the captain or commanding officer of the militia.

{hip in which such perfon {hall have entered, and {hall be ferving, to difcharge such perfon from the faid fupplementary militia, and to caufe the name of such perfon to be ftruck out of the roll or lift of the fupplementary militia ferving for such county, riding, or COunty place; but neverthelefs, the county, riding, or place, for which &c not any perfon fo difcharged was enrolled, {hall not be obliged to obliged to ballot for any other man in the room of the militia man fo dif- ballot for charged, and every perfon fo difcharged {hall be freed and exone- harmed rated from all pains and penalties incurred by reafon of such enliftment or entering into his Majesty’s navy; any ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for repealing fo much of an aft, made in the lafl feffon of par-liamenty intituled, An a£t for granting to his Majesty certain ftamp duties on the feveral matters therein mentioned; and for better fecuring the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others pradifing in certain courts of -juftice in Great Britain ; as imt>ofes a duty on licences granted to Jlipendiary curates to perform the office of curate in any church or chapel—[June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS hy an at7, paffed in the thirty-feventh year of Preamble, reign of his prefent Majesty, a fum of fifteen Jhillings was impofed upon any licence that Jhould pafs the feal of any archhijhap or bi/hopi chancellor or other ordinary, or any ecclejiajiical court: and whereas the faid duty has been found inconvenient and burthenfome to Jlipendiary curates appointed by licence to perform the office of curate in any church or chapel; be enacted by the King’s moft excellent Licences tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual appointing &nd temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, cJ^ates^iu and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling which the of this aevery such licence appointing any ftipendiary curate, amount of

g B b 4  inftipetid

t

72Z Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii IIJ. c. 57. [1797.

is inferted, to in which the annual amount of the ftipend fhall be inferted, that f^om^he1^  Pa^s  t^ie  *"ea^  arT archhi(hop, bifhop, chancellor, or other

ftamp duty ordinary, or any ecclefiaftical court, fhall be and the fame is hereof 15s. under by declared to be,Treed and exempted from the faid before recited 37 Geo. 3. ftamp duty, and all other ftamp duties whatfoever; and such c* 9a*  licences fhall and may be available, and be given in evidence, in

Licences  any court of law or equity, or any ecclefiaftical court whatfoever 5

<adavlLbient’ 2nd

every such licence already granted iince the paffing of the although the ^ove recited a<ft, fliali be available in like manner, notwith-ftamp duty ftanding that the ftamp duty may not have been paid as impofed may not have by the faid act. been paid. .

CAP. LVI1.

Jin aft for the further encouraging the fouthern ivhale fifheries,—■ [June 21, 1798.]

Preamble.

35 Geo. 3. 0.92, recited;

and premiums granted to 36 ihips.

Premiums and conditions lor lz Ihips.

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the fijhery carried on by his Majefiys European fubjefts in the Jeas to the fouthward of the Greenlandfeas and,Davis’s Straights, for the purpose of taking whales, and other creatures being in those feas, by continuing certain premiums granted by an aft, pajfed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of hisprefent Majejly, intituled, An a<5t for further encouraging and regulating the fouthern whale fifheries, and b eft owing them in a different manner: be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral premiums hereafter mentioned fhall be paid and allowed to twenty-fix fhips or veftels employed in the faid fifhery, under the limitations, reftri&ions, and regulations, expreffed in the faid a£f, and in this a6f.

II.  And be it further enaifted, That for twelve of such fhips or veffels which fhall be fo fitted and cleared out between the firft day of January and the thirty-firft day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and between the firft day of January and the thirty-firft day of December, in each of the two fucceeding years, and fhall fail to the fouthward of the equator and there carry on the fifhery, and fhall return before the firft day of December in the year fubfequent to that in which they cleared out, to fome port in Great Britain, there fhall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to each of the four such fhips which fhall fo fail and firft arrive, within the times herein-before mentioned, with the greateft quantity of oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons in each of such fhips or veftels, and being the produce of one or more whale or whales, or other creatures being in those feas, taken and killed by the crews of every such fhip or veftel refpedhvely; and there fhall be paid and allowed two hundred pounds to each of the four such fhips or veftels which fhall, in like manner, fail and firft arrive with the next greateft quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons in every such (hip or veftel, and being the produce of any whale or whales,

or

1797*] Anno regnl tricefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 57.  723

or other creatures being in those Teas, fo taken as aforefaid ; and there fhal! be paid and allowed one hundred pounds to each of the four such fhips or veflels, and which (hall in like manner, fail and firft arrive with the next greateft quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons in every such {hip or veflel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those leas, fo taken as aforefaid.

III.  And be it further enacted. That for four other of such (hips Premiums or veflels which {hall be fo fitted or cleared out, and fhall fail ^ions^or four within the times herein-before mentioned, and proceed to the other {hips, fouthward of the thirty-fixth degree of fouth lattitude, and fhall

there bona fide carry on the faid fiftierv, and fhall not return till after the expiration of fourteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-firfl day of Decernber in the fecond year after their clearing out, to fome port in Great Britain, there (Inall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to each of such (hips or veflels which fhall fo fail and arrive within the times herein-before laft mentioned with the greateft: quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those feas, and taken and killed by the crew of such fhip or vefTel.

IV.  And be it further enacted. That for ten other of such fhips Premiums or veflels which fhall be fo fitted and cleared out between the tionsT^ia fir ft: day of January and the thirty-firfl: day of December one thou- other fhips. fand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and between the firft day of January and the thirty-firfl day of December in each of the fix lucceeding years, and fhall double Cape Horn, or pafs through the {freights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the faid fifhery

during thefpaceof four months to the weftward of Cape Horn in those feas, or fhall double the Cape of Good Hope, and carry on the faid fifhery during the fpace of four months to the eaftward of one hundred and five degrees of eaft longitude from London, and fnall not return to fome port of Great Britain till after the expiration of fixteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-firfl: day of December in the fecond year after their clearing out, there fhall be paid and allowed fix hundred pounds-to any one of such fhips or veflels which fhall fo fail and arrive within the times herein laft mentioned, with the greateft: quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those feas, and taken and killed by the crew of such fhip or veflel in the faid voyage, either outward or homeward *, and there fhall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to each of nine of such fhips and veflels laft before-mentioned, which (hall fo fail and arrive within the times herein laft-before mentioned, with the next greateft quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole jhan thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those feas, and taken and killed by the

crew

and beyond 180 degrees of weft longitude from London, under certain reftriftions.

724 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c.58. [1797.

crew of such fhip or veffel in the faid voyage, either outward or homeward.

V.  And, for extending the limits preferibed in the faid atl for the Ships licenfed faid foutbern whale fferies^ be it enabled. That any fhip or vefFel conformably fitting and clearing out, and licenfed conformably to the faid aft, aft^ma^jffs anc^  to  eaftward of the Cnpe of Good Hope for the

beyomd^r S purpose aforesaid, may pafs beyond fifty-one degrees of eaft: degrees of longitude from London, provided that such fhip or veffel, after eaft longitude palling fifty-one degrees of eaft longitude from London, fhall not from London; pajj or pars t0 tfie northward of fifteen degrees fouthern latitude, until (he fhall have failed or paffed to the eaftward of one hundred and eighty degrees of eaft longitude ; any thing in the faid aft, or any law, ufage, orcuftom, to the contrary notvvithftanding.

VI.  And be it further enafted, That any fhip or veffel fitting or clearing out, and licenfed comformably to the faid aft, and failing or pafting to the weftward of Cape Horn, or through the {freights of Magellan, for the purpose aforesaid, may fail or pafs beyond one hundred and eighty degrees of weft longitude from London \ provided such fhips and veffels, when they have paffed beyond one hundred and eighty degrees of weft longitude from London, do not pafs to the northward of fifteen degrees fouth latitude, until they come within fifty-one degrees of eaft longitude from London; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwith-{landing.

VII.  And be it further enafted, That any perfon or perfons, as deferibed in the faid aft not exceeding forty families who fhall, on or before the thirty-firft day of December one thousand eight hundred and five, come to the port of Adilford in the county of Pembroke, with his or their family or families, and fhall bring any fhip or veffe), or any number of (hips and veffels not exceeding twenty in the whole, to the faid port of Milford, built before the

Dec 1 180 <January one  seven  hundred and ninety-eight,

and brmg6055 an^ manned as direfted in the faid aft, fhall, upon complying with

not more all the rules, regulations, and conditions contained in the faid aft

than 20 velTi'ls refpefting such perfon or perfons be entitled to all rhe benefits,

built before privileges, and advantages thereby granted to such perfon or

to be1 entitled Per^ons> in as full  and  ample manner as if  such perfon or perfons

to the fame had come to the  faid  port on or  before  the thirty-firft day of

privileges as December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in any

if they had fhjp or Veffel built before the firft  day of  January one thousand

come by Dec. r r ,  .  .  ,  .  ^ c  J  J

31, 1798. seven hundred and ninety-nve.

C A P. LVIII.

An aft to continue, until March 1, 1799, an a(ft> made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled. An aft for the more effeftual encouragement of the Britifh filheries. —[June zi} 1798*3

CAP.

Pc-rfons deferibed in the recited aft, not exceeding 40 families, who Hull come to the port of Milford, by



1797'] Anno regni tripefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 59.  725

C A P. LIX.

An aH to revive and continue, until the fir ft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an aft, paffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, chapter forty-two, videlicet,  the thirteenth day of January one thousand feven

hundred and feventy-four, intituled. An a£t to prohibit the importation of light filver coin, of this realm, from foreign countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to reftrain the tender thereof beyond a certain jam; and to fufpend the coining of filver '—[June 2i, 1798.]

WHEREAS an all was paffed in the fourteenth year of his Preamble, prefent Maje/iy's reign, intituled, An a£t to prohibit the im- *4 Geo. 3. portation of light filver coin, of this realm, from foreign countries, c* into Great Britain or Ireland; and to reftrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fum; which all was to continue-in force for a limited time, and is now expired: and whereas it is proper, under the prefent circumftances, that the faid aft ftyould be revived and further continued; be it therefore enacfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, . and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling re^fd of this a6t, the faid a£f, and all the provifions thereof, fhall be, and continued to the fame is hereby revived, and fhall continue and be in force June x, 1-799. until the firft day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II.  And whereas his Majesty has appointed a committee of his privy council to take into conjideration the ft ate of the coins of this kingdom% and the prefent eftablijhment and conftitution of his Majesty s mint and inconvenience may arife from any coinage of filver until such regulations may be framed as fhall appear necejfary : and whereas ftfrom the prefent low price of filver bullion, owing to temporary circumftances, a /mall quantity of filver bullion has been brought to the mint to be coined, and there is reafon to fuppofe that aftill further quantity may be brought, and it is therefore necejfary to fufpend the coining of filver for the prefent-, be it therefore enadfed, That, from and after the  to  be

palling of this a6l, no filver bullion fhall be coined at the mint, coined, nor nor fhall any filver coin that may have been coined there be de- any filver coin livered ; any law to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding. delivered.

Ilf. And be it further enacfted, That all perfons who delivered Perfons who filver at the mint for the purpose of the fame being coined, pre- ^eTfeo^be vious to the ninth day of May one thousand seven hundred and coin.ed pre-ninety-eight, fhall be entitled to receive from the officers of his vious to Majesty’s mint, such a fum for each pound weight thereof, as May 9, 1798* fhall be equal to the full value of the coin into which the bullion ^lvalue a& would have been converted, if the fame had been coined accord- if coined, ing to the regulations of the mint.  -

IV.  And be it further enaffed, That this a6t may be altered, alter^aJr e amended, or repealed, during the prefent feftion of parliament. repealed this

CAP.feffioru

Preamble.

Cap. 5.

Land tax, after March

fhall be raifed yearly for ever 5

fee fc-a. 2,

fubject to redemption or purchafe.

This a# fhall not extend to perfonal ef-tate, offices, pensions. See. the rates on which, after March zs>

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60, [1797. C A P. LX.

An aft for making perpetual\ fubjeft to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein Jlated, the feveral films of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,— [June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS it may materially conduce to Jlrengthening andfup-porting the publick credit, and to augmenting the national refources at this important conjuncture.) that the duty now payable for one year on land Jhould be made perpetual, but fubjeft to redemption and purchafe, on transf erring to the commiff oners for the reduction of the national debt a certain proportion of capital flock, in thf manner herein-afier fated; be it therefore epadled by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral and refpedive fums of money charged by virtue of an ait of the prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, 'An aft for granting an aid to his Majefly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the refpedive counties, ridings, flewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places in Great Britain, in refpect of the manors, tnefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the faid ad mentioned, lying within the fame counties, ridings, flewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpeClively, to be raifed, levied, and paid unto his Majefly, within the (pace of one year from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, ihall, from and after the expiration of the faid term, (except as herein-afrer mentioned), continue, and be raifed, levied, and paid yearly to his Majefly, his heirs and fuccellbrs, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March in every year for ever ; and that all the feveral powers, rules, directions, provifions, articles, claufes, matters, and things, contained in the faid a6l of the prefent fefiion of parliament, as far as the fame are not varied or utherwife provided for or in and by this a6l, (hall continue and be in full force, and be duly obferved, pradlifed, and put in execution as fully and effedually as if the fame powers, rules, directions, provifions, articles, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this adl, and exprefsly applied to the provifions thereof, fubjed neverthelefs to the rules, regulations, reflridions, and conditions of redemption or purchafe herein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That none of the provifions in this ad contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any fum or fums of money charged, by virtue of the faid ad of the prefent fefiion of parliament, upon any eflate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, or perfonal eflate, or upon any perfon or perfons in refped of any publick

office



1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 60. . 727

office or employment of profit, or any falaries, gratuities, bounty 1799* ffiall be monies, rewards, fees, profits, perquifites, advantages, penfions, !^vie^ the'df" annuities, ftipends, or yearly payments, payable out of the re- region of ceipt 6f his Majesty’s exchequer in England\ or out of his future ads, Majesty’s publick revenues in Great Britain, in' the faid at mentioned, but that the feveral fums of money charged upon any eftate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, or perfonal eftate, by the faid a61, and alfo the feveral fums of money charged under and by virtue of the faid a61 upon any offices or employments of profit, or any falaries, gratuities, bounty monies, rewards, fees, profits, perquifites, advantages, penfions, annuities, ftipends, or yearly payments, fhall, after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be afcertained, raifed, levied, collected, and paid, according to the directions of any at or acts to be pafted for that purpose.

III.  And be it further enacted, That the feveral and refpec- Rates on per-tive fums of money, charged or to be charged under and by

virtue of the faid at of the prefent fefflon of parliament, for and in refpet of any eftate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, the year end-merchandizes, or perfonal eftates, and for and in refpet of any ing March 25, offices or employments of profit, falaries, gratuities, bounty  he

monies, rewards, fees, profits, perquifites, advantages, penfions, from thoftfon annuities, ftipends, or yearly payments aforesaid, by any afteft- iand in the ment made in the year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March afleffments one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall, in every and dupli-parifh or place where such fums are charged and aflefled, be fe-parated and divided from the remainder of the monies charged in such parifh or place, by virtue of the faid at of the prefent fefiion of parliament, and (hall be fo returned in the feveral duplicates thereof, to be tranfmitted according to the directions of the faid at.

IV.  And be it further enated, That it fhall be lawful for his TheKingmay Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, by warrant under his royal fign ^hhoners^for manual, to nominate and appoint, in every county, riding, felling the ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, and place, in land tax from Great Britain, such and fo many of the perfons who are or fhall the land tax be named or appointed in or by any at or ats now in force, or ^^ch^dif-erS hereafter to be pafled, to carry into execution the at of the trit. prefent fefiion of parliament before-mentioned or this at, as to

his faid Majesty fhall feem fit, to be commiftioners for the purpose of felling the land t2X arifing in the feveral counties, ridings, ftewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, wherein they are or fhall be refpetively fpecially nominated and appointed, and the faid feveral perfons fo to be nominated or appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall be commiftioners for the faid purpose.

V.  And be it further enated, That every commiftioner efpe- Commifilon-cially nominated and appointed for the purpose of this at, and eis oath* alfo every commiftioner of appeals, before he (hall enter upon the execution of the faid office, fhall take an oath to the effet following j that is to fay,

€ \ A B*

 CjOO^IC

728 Anno regnitricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797*

‘TIB. do fvvear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and JL honeftly, according to the beft of my (kill and judgement, execute the feveral powers and trufts repofed in me by an a£l of the thirty-eighth year* of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft for making perpetual, fubjcft to re-demptlon and purchafe in the manner therein Jlated, the feveral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, according to the tenor and purport of the faid a6t.

So help me GOD/

CommiiTion-ers may examine and receive information, on oath, from perfons delirous of i*e-deeming or purchahng any land tax; and from other perfons inte-refted in the lands in remainder, & c.

with power to require infpe&ion of any deed relating thereto; and to receive affidavits of the fad;

provided the affidavit be made in pur-fuance of the act.

Which oath fhall and may be adminiftered by any one of the perfons appointed to be a commiffioner to any other or others of them.

VI.  And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the commiffioners fpecially appointed for the purposes of this a6t, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, to examine upon oath or affirmation (which oath or affirmation they or any one or more of them are and is hereby authorifed to adminifter) all perfons who (ball be defirous of redeeming or purchafing any land tax under this a£l, and all other perfons who (hall be willing to be examined touching any matters or things, relating to the title of any perfon or perfons in remainder, reverfion, or expedlancy to any eftate, or having any mortgage, lien, or incumbrance upon any eftate, the land tax charged upon which is propofed to be redeemed or purchafed under this ad, or touching any matter or thing relating thereto, that such commiffioners may think neceffiary for their information, for the execution of the powers veiled in them ; and alfo to require, from any perfon or perfons claiming any benefit of preference under this ad, .the production, upon oath or affirmation, of any deed, conveyance, or inftrument relating to such eftate; and to receive any affidavit or depofition in writing, upon oath or affirmation, which (hall be made in any part of Great Britain above the diftance ot ten miles from the place where the faid refpeCtive commiffioners fhall meet, before any mayor or magiftrate of any city, town, or place, having authority to adminifter an oath in any matter civil or criminal in such city, town, or place, or before any juf-tice of the peace of any county or diflriCl where the perfon making such affidavit, depofition, or affirmation fhall happen to be; or to receive any affidavit or depofition in writing, upon oath, or affirmation, which fhall be made in any parts beyond the feas, before any magiftrate of the county, territory, or place, having competent power and authority to adminifter an oath, and reading near the place where the perfon making such oath or affirmation fhall alfo reiide, and certified and tranfmitted to the faid commiffioners under the hand and feal of such magiftrate : provided. That in every such affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, there fhall be exprefted the addition of the party making the fame, and the particular place of his or her abode, and the

fame

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii IIL c. 6o.  729

fame (hall be entitled an affidavit, depofition, or affirmation made in purfuance of this adt.

VII.  And be it farther enadled, That if any perfon, upon Perfons mak-examination on oath or affirmation before the faid commiffioners ing any refpedlively, or in any affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, be- davk° foall~ fore any mayor, magiffrate, or juftice of the peace in Great Bri- incur the pe-tain, in any matter relating to the execution of this a <51, (hall nalties of wilfully and corruptly giye falfe evidence, or (hall in any such perjury, affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, wilfully and corruptly fvvear

or affirm any matter or thing which (ball be falfe or untrue, every such perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be fubjedl and liable to'fuch pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, any perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjedt and liable to.

VIII.  And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for Two commit-the commiffioners fpecially to be appointed for the purpose of

this a<51, or fo many of them as fhali be prefent at any meeting perfons ami or meetings to be holden in any county, riding, ftewartry, city, corporations borough, cinque port, town, or place, or any two or more of hokiing lands, them, to contract and agree with all and every perfons or per-fon, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraterni- tax ties, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corpoiate, thereon, by-having or holding any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or virtue of the hereditaments defcribed in the faid adt of the prefent feffion of parliament, for the redemption of the land tax charged upon their refpedtive manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforesaid, according to the affeffment and rate made or to be made in purfuance of the faid adt, upon the terms and conditions, and in manner herein-after defcribed and mentioned.

IX.  And be it further ena&ed. That every contract and Form of the

agreement made and entered into by virtue of this a cl, with the  /g  \

commiffioners fpecially to'be appointed for the purpose aforesaid,

by any perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies before defcribed, for the redemption of any land tax charged upon his, her, or their manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforesaid, fhali be in the form mentioned and ^ defcribed in the fchedule to this adt annexed, marked (B.), and the confideration therein to be inferted, and contracted and redemption agreed to be given for such redemption as aforesaid, (hall be fo ihall be fo much capital (lock of publick annuities transferable at the bank much ftock in of England\ bearing an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, commonly called The Three Pounds per Centum ^ per cJnt. Confolidated Annuities, and The Three Pounds per Centum. Reduced reduced, as Annuities, as will yield an annuity or dividend exceeding the produce amount of the land tax fo to be redeemed as aforefaid by one ^ceedffi^the tenth part thereof, such capital (lock to be transferred to the am0Unt of the commiffioners appointed by an adt of the twenty-fixth year ofland tax re-the reign of his prefent Majesty for the redudtion of the national deemed by debt, in truft for the purposes of this adt.  i-ioth.

X.  And be it further enadted, That the transfer of the whole b^t^anf

amount fcrrea to the

Anno regni tricefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797-

commiflioners amount of the capital flocks in the three pounds centum an-

for reducing the national debt, within four years, from March 25, 1799?by four inltal-

nuities, or either of them, to be transferred as before-mentioned, {hall be made to the commilTioners for the reduction of the national debt, within the period of four years from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by four inftalments in every year; videlicet, On or before the firft ments in each ^ay °f May, the firft day of Auguft\ the firft day of November, year; or the and the firft day of February in each year, the firft inftalment to whole may be be made on such of the faid days as (hall next enfue the entering transferred at jnt0 such contrail: provided always, That it fhall be lawful for any perlon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies before described to ftipulate with the faid commifiionefs for the transfer

once, when no intereft fhall be payable (fee fedt. 91.), or by fhoitcr inlial-ments, if io ftipulated.

of the whole of the faid capital flock at one time, or that the fame fhall be transferred by inftalments within a lefs period than four years, fo that the fame be made by even inftalments at equal intervals within the period agreed upon, and on the refpeilive days before-mentioned in each such year, or on such of the faid days as fhall fall within the period agreed upon for such transfer: provided alfo, That any perlon fo contradiing as aforesaid, may transfer the whole flock fo agreed to be transferred as the confi-f deration for such contradl, or any part thereof, in advance to the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt; and that, from and after the transfer of any flock in advance, no intereft on account of such (lock fo transferred in advance fhall be paid, as herein-after is direcled: provided always. That if the whole of the flock fo agreed to be transferred fhall not be transferred at one time, but by infialments, and if a divifion of the entire quantity of ftock into equal fums, to be paid by such infialments, Fractions lefs would occafion a fiadtion, lefs than the fradlion of one penny, than id. to be the fractional part or parts lefs than one penny, necefiary to such a\umcd. equal divifion, fhall be taken from the prior inftalment and added to the laft inftalment, fo as to avoid any fraction lefs than

Corporations, truftees for charitee?, See. committees of lunatic!-: s, guardians and private truflees for incapacitated perfons, enabled to contract for redemption of the land tax, on their respective trufl ell ate s.

a penny.

XI.  And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and all guilds, myfteries, fraternities, or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and all truftees for charities or other publick purposes, who are or fhall be feifed or poftefled of any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments whereon any land tax hereby made faleable fhall be charged, to contract and agree for the redemption of such land tax, or any part thereof, notwithftanding any ftatutes of mortmain, or other ftatutes or adls of parliament to the contrary; and it fhall be alfo lawful for all committees and curators of lunaticks or of idiots, and for all tutors and guardians of infants, and for all perfons having authority to adl for infants, married women, and other peifor.s incapable of adding for themfelves,. to contract and agree on behalf of such lunaticks, idiots, infants, married women, and other perfons incapable of adding for themfelves, for the redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, mef-

fuages,

1797*] Anno reghi tricefinlo o6lavo Georgii III. c. 60.  731

fuages, lands, tenements,( or hereditaments, wherein such luna-ticks, idiots, infants, married women, or other perfons incapable of adding for themfelves* fhall be intereffed, or any part thereof, in the fame manner as such perfons might have done if not under any incapacity; and it fhall alfo be lawful for all truf-tees to contract and agree in like manner, on behalf of the perfons for whom they (hall be truftees, for the purchafe of any land tax charged on any manors* mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of which they (hall be truftees.

XII.  And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for Such cdrpo-all such bodies politick and corporate, and companies, and per-

fons before defcribed, and all other perfons having any eflate or perfonC? ]n

intereft in, or being fubftitute heirs of entail entitled in their pofleflion or

order to lucceed to any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, reverfion, or

or hereditaments, whereon any land tax hereby made faieable

fhall be charged (except tenants at rack rent for any term of janc^ (except

years, or from year to year, or at will, and except tenants bold- tenants cat

ing, under the crown any lands or tenements within the furyey rack rent or

and receipt of the exchequer or the duchy of Lancafler, or underyenar)ts °f ,  1 1 r ^  7;  1  1  1  J  1 iy •  \  crown Janas,

the duke or Cornwall any lands or tenements belonging to and &c ^ enablerl

parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, for years, or from year to year, to contract, in or at will) to contract and agree with the fait! commiiTioners preference to fpecially to be appointed for the purposeS of this a<£l, in the ^ county, riding, ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or I7^C/25> place, where such manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or here- ^ ^ g ditaments, are fituate, for the redemption of the faid land tax charged thereon, or any part thereof, upon the terms and conditions, and fubjedl to the regulations herein-after mentioned, and that such bodies politick and corporate, companies, and perfons having such eflate or intereft as aforesaid, (hall be entitled fo to contradf, in preference to all other bodies politick and corporate, and perfons whatfoever, provided they fhall contract on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-njne.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it fufther enadled, That all Corporations, such bodies politick and" corporate, and companies, and all per- pofleffion^ m fons who fhall be in the a&ual pofieflion of or immediately en- fhall be pre-titled to the rents and profits of any such manors, mefluages, ferred to tnofe lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, whereon any in^reverfion, land tax hereby made faieable fhall be charged, (other than and x* g except tenants at rack rent for any terms of years, or from year thofVin re-to year, or at will, and except tenants holding, under the crown verfion (hall any lands or tenements within the furvey and receipt of the ex-

chequer or the duchy of Lancafler, or under the duke of Corn- n° interdHn » wall any lands or tenements belonging to and parcel of the duchy the lmd, till of Cornwall\ for any term of years, or from year to year, or at March 25, will), and such committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or truf- x799-tees as aforesaid, on the behalf of the perfons to whom they are fuclvcommittees, curators, tutors, guardians, or truftees,. fhall be preferred in the purchafe of such land tax, or any part thereof, to any bodies, corporations, or companies, or perlons having ; Vol, XU.  C  c  c  '  'any

Perfons bene-ficially entitled to rents of lands, &c. let at rack rents, fhall be con tide red as actual pof-iefiors, and preferred accordingly.

Where land tax is payable by tenant and redeemed by landlord, it fhall be added to the rent, and recoverable at i'uch.

any eftate or intereft in remainder, reverfion, or expe&ancy, or being fubftitute heirs of entail, in the fame manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments: provided such bodies corporate, or companies, and perfons fo to be preferred, fhall offer to contract for the redemption of such land tax on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and in cafe no contradt fhall be entered into, by or in the behalf of the bodies, corporations, or companies, or perfons fo in pofteftion, or immediately entitled as aforesaid, for the redemption of the faid land tax, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then the bodies, corporations, or companies, or the per* foil or perfons having such eftates and interefts in remainder, reverfion, or expectancy, or the fubftitute heirs of entail called to fucceed in the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or their refpedlive committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or truflees, on their behalf, fhall be entitled to redeem such land tax, or any part thereof, in preference to any other perfon or perfons having no eftate or intereft therein, and not being called to fucceed therein as fubftitute heirs of entail, according to the priority of such refpedlive eftates or interefts, such priority to be fettled by the faid commiftiotiers, in cafe the parties {hall differ about the fame : provided always. That no such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or perfons in remainder, reverfion or expectancy, or fubftitute heirs of entail as aforesaid, fhall be entitled to such benefit of preference as laft-mentioned, unlefs a contract for the redemption of such land tax fhall be entered into by or on the behalf of him, her, or them, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XIV,  And be it further enaCted, That where any such manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, fhall be leafed or demifed at a rack rent for any term or number of years, or at will, the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies beneficially entitled to the rent referved or made payable on any such leafe or demife, fhall (notwithftanding any covenant or agreement for the payment of the land'tax charged on such manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by the tenant or leftee thereof) be.confidered as being in the actual pofteflion of such manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of claiming and being entitled to such benefit of preference as aforefaid ; and where any such tenant or leftee fhall be bound by agreement to pay such land tax during the continuance of any such demife, and the contract for such land tax dhall be entered into by or on the behalf of the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, pr companies, fo beneficially entitled, the amount of the land tax fo purchafed fhall, during the continuance of such leafe or demife, be confidered as rent referved or made payable on such leafe or demife, and the fame powers fnall be had, ufed, or enjoyed, for the recovery thereof, as for the recovery of such rent when in arrear.

XV, And

I797*] Anno regni tricefimo oflavo Georgn III. c. 60.  733

XV,  And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for all Where lands

and every perfons and perfon, bodies, corporations, or com-  farm

panies, who fhall, under and by virtue of this a6t, redeem any rents> &c. land tax charged upon any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, out of which a or hereditaments, that (hall, at the time of such redemption, be proportion of charged with or fubjedt to the payment of any fee farm, feu duty, ^ ^olv^be or other annual rent, for which he, (he, or they would* upon ^judted by payment of the land tax, be entitled to abate and dedudt a juft the owner of proportion of rate under the adt of this prefent feftion of parlia- the land, such ment, to continue to abate and dedudf a juft proportion, from deduction time to time, upon every payment or such fee farm, feu duty, to be made by or other annual rent, as if such land tax had not been redeemed, him after his

XVI.  Provided always, and be it further enadted. That in redemption cafe any difficulty fhall arife in the fale of the land tax which °f his land tax. ought to be charged on any tythes, or any fee farm rent, feu duty, Where tythes, or other rent, or any lands, tenements, or hereditaments., be- ^cthl^ernotS> caufe such tythes, or such rents, feu duty, lands, tenements, or been diftindtly hereditaments, have not been afTeffed, or not diftindfly affeffed afltffed to the to the land tax, or becaufe the land tax has been by the feveral laiKi

acts impofing the fame directed to be deduced out of such rents, of Knd^tax^3 by the owners or occupiers of the lands charged with such rents, mayadjuftthe it fhall-be lawful for the perfons, bodies politick or corporate, proportionsto entitled to such tythes, rents, lands, tenements, and heredita- be paid by the merits, to apply to the commiftioners cf land tax or fupply, to ^J^nhes fettle and adjuft the proportion of land tax which ought to be &c. and which borne and paid by such perfons, bodies politick or corporate they fhall be refpedlively, on account of such tythes, rents, lands, tenements, preferably en-or hereditaments which have not been affefted, or not diftindfly ^£em t0 re~ affefted as aforesaid, and thereupon it (hall be lawful for such perfons, bodies politick and corporate refpedlively, to claim the like benefit of preference for redemption of such land tax, and to contradi for the purchafe thereof, and to do all adts neceffary for the purpose of carrying such contract into execution, in the fame manner as if such tythes, rents, lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been diftindfly affeffed to the land tax.

XVII.  And be it further enadted, That all and every perfons Perfonsclaim-and perfon, bodies, corporations, or companies, claiming on m?^benefit of their own behalf, or on the behalf of others, the benefit of pre- nia]j produce ference herein mentioned, (hall produce to any two commiffion- a defeription ers of land tax adfing in and for the hundred, ward, lathe, wa- of their lands pentake, rape, or other divifion of the county, riding, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place in England, or if in Scot- particulars land to any two commiilioners of fupply of the county or ftewar- thereof to the try, or chief magiftrate of the city or borough, within which any land tax^ manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments charged with land tax propofed to be redeemed are fituate, a fchedule or fettle and cer-defeription in writing of all and every the manors, meffuages, tify the lands, tenements, or hereditaments charged with such land tax, amount of the which fchedule (hail contain the refpe<5Uve natures and quanti-  /See

ties, or reputed quantities, of the premifes, and the name or schedule ^ ^ names of the occupier or occupiers thereof, and the (aid com- (A.) on the

C C c 2  miffioners  production  of



734 Anno regni trlcefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797/

which certifi- rniflioners of land tax or fupply, or chief magiftrate refpedlively, ovnmhhoners  afeertain, fettle, and adjuft the amount of the land tax

under this aft, charged upon the refpeftive manors, meffuages* lands, tene-they may examine, and amend the fame if requi fite, and make and certify a contra# for the redemption of such land tax, ^See

on the production of this , contract and certificate at

ments, or hereditaments contained in such fchedule, diftinguifh-ing, according to the form and method in the fchedule to this a£fc annexed, marked (A.), the parifh or place, parifhes or places* within which, and the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements* or hereditaments, upon which each feparate affeffment of land tax (hall be charged, and the diftri# or divifion within which such land tax (hall be charged, and (hall grant a certificate thereof to the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies Schedule (3.) aPPty‘ng f°r the feme; and on the production of the faid certificate to the commiflioners fpecially appointed for the purposes of this a£f, for the county, riding, ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, within which such manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments are refpeftively fituate, the faid lafl>mentioned commiflioners are hereby authorifed and required to examine such certificate, and amend the fame, if ne-ceflary, according to the affeffment of land tax, and thereupon to contrail and agree with the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, applying for the redemption of such land tax, according to the directions of this adl, and in the form fet forth in the fchedule to this a£t annexed, marked (B.); and' upon the production, at the bank of England, of such contra# and certificate, and upon the transfer to the commiflioners for the bank, and the reduction of the national debt, of To much flock in the three transferring pounds per centum bank annuities before-mentioned, or either of ft'fck^agreed*  as w'^ yield an annuity or dividend exceeding the amount

lor^ J/tjie of the land tax fo to be redeemed or purchafed bv one tenth part firiVinftalment thereof, or of such proportion of such flock as (hall have been thereof, to contracted and agreed to be transferred as the firft inftalment fio^ers^orre thereof, (being not lefs than one fixteenth of the whole amount during the of the capital flock to be transferred on account of the redemp-nationri debt, tion or purchafe of such land tax), every such perfon, body, the cafhicrs of CO|q)oration, or company, {hall be entitled to have a certificate the bank dull or recejpt frorn the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, acknowledging such transfer, which certificate or receipt the faid calhier or cafhiers is or are hereby required to give, and the fame may either be indorfed on such contra#, in the form preferibed in the. fchedule to this a61 annexed, marked (C), or be diftin# therefrom, as the governor and company of the bank of England (hall judge expedient, or in such other form as the faid governor and company (hall devife, which certificate or receipt (hall be an acquittance and discharge on the regif- ^ per('0n or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies receipt aforesaid, transferring such flock as aforefaid ; and upon the with the corn- regiftry or entry of such certificates, contrails, and receipts, miffioners for with his Majefly’s commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, the faid i  k  manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, corn-

exonerated C Prized in such contra#, {hall thenceforth be wholly freed and from the land exonerated from the land tax charged thereon, and from all further

• t 1 give a receipt,

(Schedule (CO



1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii Iff. c. 60,  73^

ther afteflments thereof, unlefs the perfon or perfons, bodies, tax; unleis corporations, or companies, contracting for such land tax, fhall, t^ie pe^?ri at the time of entering into the contract for the fame, declare to has declared the commiflioners, with whom such contract (hall be entered his option to into, his, her, or their option to be confidered on the fame foot- be confidered ing as a perfon not interefted in the faid manors, melTuages, °j?^hird0^^ lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purchafing the land tax fon^purchaling charged thereon, is by this act confidered; in which cafe, and the land tax, upon such option and declaration fo made being inferted in the in which cafe contract, the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or com- ^i^* panies, fo contracting, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra- pame benefits, tors, or afligns, fhall be entitled and fubject to such and the like and fubject to benefits, advantages, conditions, and reftrittions, as perfons not the fame re-snterefted as aforefaid would be entitled and fubjedt to on their j^h^rd*3 becoming the purchafers of such land tax under this act, after perfon> the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred (See fed. 37. and ninety-nine.  7^. 77> &c.)

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That when any land tax Ifland tax is fhall have been contracted for, under any such benefit of pre- contracted for ference as aforesaid, by or on the behalf of any perfon or perfons, pj^ferenc* by bodies, corporations, or companies, aforesaid, not having the perfons rot abfolute eftate or intereft; in fee fimple therein, then and in every having the fee such cafe the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or com- fimple of the panies, having or being beneficially entitled to any eftate or r^4rfioner intereft in fuccefiion, remainder, reverfion, or expectancy, or on his* being fubftitute heirs of entail, entitled to fucceed in their order, eftate veiling in the manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, jP pofteflion, the land tax whereof fhall have been fo contracted for, fhall, at to^de^1" any time or times after such eftate or intereft fhall veft in pof- mand from feflion, by reafon of the determination of the preceding eftate or the original intereft, or by the eftate devolving upon the fubftitute heir of contractors, entail, be entitled, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby au- tors** thorifed and empowered to demand from the original contractors alignment of for such land tax, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, an their intereft: aftignment of his, her, or their intereft in such contract, or such *hch con-part thereof as {hail then be in force, to them, their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, upon transferring to such original to them the contractors, their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, the like lame quantity amount of three pounds per centum bank annuities in the fame °f 3 percents, ftocks refpectively as was transferred by such original contractors tra<ftors°xbd as the coufideration for the redemption of such land tax, or such for the repart thereof as (hall then be remaining in the names of the com- demption of mifiioners for the reduction of the national debt in purfuance of the tax; and this act, which aftignment such original contractors, their exe- [he* rever& ^ cutors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, are hereby required to execute f10ner, See. accordingly, and fo from time to time every other perfon, body, coming into corporation, or company, beneficially entitled in remainder, pofteflion may reverfion, or expectancy, and every fubftitute heir of entail call-ed to fucceed to the faid manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, from the pr0_ or hereditaments, fhall at any time or times after their refpective prietor, who eftates and interests fhall veft in pofteflion by reafon of the de- may be com-

c c c 3  termination  ^lledtomakc

736 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

the fame by termination of the preceding eftate, or of the eftate devolving chancer &c uPon t^ie Pubftitute heir of entail, in like manner be entitled, and though an in-  anc^  t^iey IS an(^ are hereby authcrifed and empowered to

fant, or under demand an alignment from the perfon or perfons, bodies, cor-any other legal porations, or companies, who (hall then be the proprietor or fu^h aflf n °n ProPrietors °f land tax? of his, her, or their intereft therein, ment the land uPon transferring to him, her, or them, the like amount of to be exone- three pounds per centum bank annuities as aforesaid, which aftign-rated, unkfs ment such proprietor or proprietors is or are hereby required to deck resell ke ma^e an<^ execute accordingly; and in cafe any proprietor or option as the proprietors hereby required to make any such alignment a$ original con- aforefaid (being of full age, and competent to make the fame) tra&or.  (hall refufe fo to do, then and in every such cafe the proprietor

(See feet, j 7.) or proprietors fo refuTing fhall and may be compelled, bv an order of the high court of chancery in England, or court of feflion in Scotland, or the court of exchequer in England or Scotland refpeftively, (to be made upon hearing all parties concerned, on the petition of the party hereby authorifed to demand rhe fame), to make such alignment as aforesaid, and such court (hall have power to award cofts to either party, if upon the circumftances ~ it fhall think fit fo to do; and it fhall be lawful for any such proprietor or proprietors hereby required to make any such alignment as aforesaid, who at the time the fame fhall be demanded (hall be under the age of twenty-one years, or be under any other legal difability or incapacity, by the direction of the laid court of chancery, feflion, or exchequer, refpedh’vely, fig-nified by an order to be obtained as aforesaid, to make such afljgnment, which fhall be as good and effc&ual in law, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if he, (he, or they were of the full age of twenty-one years, and free from any legal difability or incapacity; any law7, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding: provided always, That upon every such alignment, the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereon the land tax fo afiigned fhall have been charged, fhall from thenceforth be freed and exonerated from such land tax, unlefs the aflignee or aflignees thereof fhall caufe the like option to be inferted in the alignment, which is herein-before dire&ed to be inferted in the original contradt, in cafes where such option fhall have been declared by the original contra&or.

For the pur- XIX. And be it further enafted, That for the purpose of re-

<kem?n^the ^eeming ^anc^ tax charged on any manors, mefTuages, lands,

lnnd tax, cor- tenements, or hereditaments, it fhall be lawful for all bodies

porations and politick or corporate, and companies aforesaid, and all truftees

truftees for for charitable and other publick purposes, being in the adfual

ounlick pur- poffofifon Cr entitled beneficially to the rents and profits of such poles enabled r  rr  ,  ,  .  ..  Y  ,

to fell part of  meduages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under

tie lands the reftrieftions and regulations herein-after mentioned, to fell

charged, and such part or parts of such manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements,

fame toTn^^6 0r herec^taments> as *hall be eligible and neceflary, for the pur-

peTfons, freed P°^e of redeeming or purchafing such land tax, and, by indenture

ireun land tax,  or

1797-1 Annoregni tricefimo odtavo Georgii IILc. 6o.  737

or indentures duly fealed and delivered, and enrolled for eftates by indentures in England within fix calendar months after the execution thereof in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJler> or in the the cafe # courts of the counties palatine of Che/ler, Lancafter, or Durham, may require); or in the courts of great feflion in IVales, as the cafe (hall require, or to morU or regiftered in the counties of Middlefex and York in the manner f^ee^e ^ required by law for conveyances of real eftates fituated in those whc]e from counties refpedtively, and by proper deeds or other conveyances, land tax; or to be executed and regiftered in the manner required by the law t0 grant any of Scotland for eftates in Scotland, abfolutely to convey the fame, Seamount of freed and difcharged from land tax, unto any perfon or perfons land tax. whomfoever; or to charge a fufficient part of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, with such fum or fums of money as (hall be fufficient to redeem or purchafe the land tax charged on the whole of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and for fecuring the repayment of such fum or fums of money, with intereft, by like indenture or indentures enrolled or regiftered as aforesaid, to convey, furrender, or demife, by way of mortgage or other real fecurity, such part of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, freed and difcharged from land tax, as (hall be a fufficient fecurity for that purpose, to any perfon or perfons who fhall advance or lend such fum or fums of money upon the fecurity thereof, his, her, or their heirs, executors, ad-miniftrators, or afligns, either in fee fimple, or for any term or number of years; or, by like indenture or indentures enrolled or regiftered as aforesaid, to grant, limit, or appoint any yearly fum or fums of money by way of a perpetual rent charge not exceeding the amount of the land tax charged upon the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be iffuing out of, and charged and chargeable upon such manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments:  provided  always,  That  EcclefiafticaJ

nothing herein-before contained fhall be conftrued to extend to j^forts, fcl-authorife any fale, conveyance, or mortgage or grant of any rent J^ges°&c°to charge by any archbifhop or bifhop, without the confirmation of be’fubjed to the dean and chapter, or by any parfon, vicar, or other perfon the fame rehaving any fpiritual or eccleftaftical living or benefice, without if rain ts as at the confent of the ordinary, and alfo of the patron, if adult, and Pie 0,1 ' .within the realm; or by any curate of any perpetual curacy, without the confent of the perfon having the power of appointment to such curacy; or by any mafter or fellows of any college, or by any chapter of any cathedral or collegiate church, mafter or guardian of anyhofpital, or any fpiritual or ecclefiaftical perfon or perfons whatever, without such confent as by law was required for that purpose before the making of any ftatute or ftatutes for reftraining the fales, conveyances, mortgages, or grants of such perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or any of them, or for difabling such perfons, bodies politick or corporate, from making any such fales, conveyances, mortgages, or grants, or any of them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of re- Perfons in ac-deeming or purchafing the land tax charged on any manors, tl*aj P^^ °tn

ecc4  meffuaSes’  not having the

73$ Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797* ^folute in- meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it fhall be lawful tenants at*** ^or an<^ every perfons and perfon beihg in the adlual poffelfion, rack rents, or or entitled beneficially to the rents and profits thereof, but not tenants of  having the abfolute intereft therein (other than and except

crown lands, tenants at rack rent for any terms of years, or from year to year,

at will, and tenants_ holding under the crown any lands or committees ot  9  r ,  .  7  ,

hinaticks, tenements within the furvey and receipt of the exchequer, or the

guardians, duchy of Lancafter, or under the duke of Cornwall any lands or executors, tenements belonging to and parcel of the duchy of Cornwall), and truftees7^ a^'° ^or a^ cornmhtees and curators of lunaticks or of idiots, and what foe ver,  tutors cr guardians of infants, feized or pofleffed of any such

enabledinlike manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and for manner to all executors and adminiftrators, curators or truftees whatfoever, or ^rant^rent ^c'zec^ or poffeffed of any such manors, meffuages, lands, tene-charge for ments, or hereditaments, who have authority to a<51 for infants, redeeming the minors, iffue unborn, femes covert, or other incapacitated per-land tax. fons, or perfons incapacitated by law or deed to acl for them-felvcs, under the reftridlions and regulations hcrein-after mentioned, to fell such part or parts of such manors, meffuages, lands,

* tenements, or hereditaments, as fhall be eligible and neceffary,' for the purpose of redeeming or purchafing such land tax, and, by indenture or indentures duly fealed and delivered, and executed and enrolled, or regiftered as herein-before mentioned, abfolutely to convey the fame, freed and difeharged from land tax, unto any perfon or perfons whomfoever; or to charge a fufficient part of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, with such fum or fums of money as (hall be fufftcient to redeem or purchafe the land tax charged on the whole of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and for fecuring the re-payment of such fum or fums of money, with intereft, by like indenture or indentures, enrolled or regiftered as aforeiaid, to convey, furrender, or demife, by v/ay of mortgage or other real fecurity, such part of the faid manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, freed and difeharged from the land tax to be purchafed as aforeiaid, as ihall be a fufficient fecurity for that purpose, to any perfon or perfons who fhall advance or lend such fum or fums of money upon the fecurity thereof, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, either in fee fimple or for any term or number of years; or, by like indenture or indentures enrolled or regiftered as aforesaid, to grant, limit, or appoint, any yearly fum or fums of money by way of a perpetual rent charge, not exceeding the amount of the land tax charged upon the faid manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be Sluing out of, and charged and chargeable upon such manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments: provided always, That no fa!e, conveyance, mortgage, or grant, which fhall be made by virtue and in purfuance or this ail, fhall be valid and effectual, unlefs two at ieaft of the com-miiltoners, to be fpeciaily appointed for the purposes of this adf, in the county, riding, ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, where the laid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements,

Two commif-fioners un kith is a it to be parties to all conveyances for the purposes thereof, (but fee fe<5t. 21.)

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii ITT. c. 60.  739

merits, or hereditaments, to be fold, mortgaged, or charged by virtue of this ad, (hall be fituate, fhall certify their confcnt thereto and approbation thereof by figning and fealing the fame as parties thereto: provided alfo, That nothing in this act con- Heir of entail tained fhall be conftrued to extend to the empowering any heir of entail in pofleftion of any entailed eftate in Scotland, to fell or ad only under difpofe of any part of the laid eftate without application to the the authority-court of feffion by petition, and obtaining the authority of that °fthe court court to such fale, and to the due application of the money 0 e 10n* thence arifins;, as herein-after directed.  See fed. 26.

XXI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That in all

When the* authority of a

mpr may convey for the pur-pofe of such

cafes in which the authority of any court is required by this act collrt jg re_ for any fale, difpofition, or purchafe, warranted by this act, it quired, com* {hall not be neceftary alfo to require the confent of the comm if- mifiioners fioners appointed for the purposes of this ad, to authorife such nee'i not fale, difpofition, or purchafe.  ^ar ies*

XXII.  And be it further enabled. That it fhall be lawful for Tenants in tail any perfon who (hall be feifed in fee tail of any manors, fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England, to convey such part or parts thereof as (hall be deemed eligible and redemption, neceftary to be fold for the purpose of redeeming or purchaling by deed the land tax charged on such manors, meftuages, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments, by deed duly fealed and delivered, and withoutVne acknowledged and enrolled in any of his Majeftv’s courts of or recovery, record at W'eftmtnfter, or in the courts of the counties palatine of Chejler, Lancajler, or Durham, or in the courts of great feftion in JVales, or regiftered in the counties of Middlesex or York, as the cafe fhall require; and such deed being duly executed and enrolled, or regiftered as aforesaid, fhall as effectually and absolutely bar all eftates tail, and other eftates in poflcfiion, reverflon, remainder, or expectancy, in the hereditaments fo-conveyed, as if such tenant in tail had levied a fine, or fuffered a common recovery thereof in due form of law.

XXIII.  And be it further enadted. That every fale, mortgage, After enrol, or grant of any rent charge, which fhall be made by virtue of *nc^re“ this act, fhall, after the fame fhall be enrolled or regiftered as veyance, and aforesaid, and after the payment of the purchafe or mortgage piymcnt of money into the bank of England, in the manner herein-after money into directed, be good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents ^c^to^be and purposes whatfoever; and the refpedtive perfons to whom any valicUo all rent charges (hall be granted, by virtue of this act, fhall have and intents.

be entitled to ufe and take the fame powers, remedies, benefits, Grantees of and advantages, for the recovery thereof, as landlords by law rent charges have or are entitled to ufe and take for the recovery of rents re- entitled to all Served on common leafes or demifes,  of^indlords

XXIV.  Provided always, and be it further enafted. That every . n r , c ,

> , c  It  ,  ,  ’  ,  J  All such files

fale or any manors, mefiuages, Jands, tenements, or neredita- t0 ^

ments, to be made for the purpose of purchafing land tax under lick audion this ad, fhall be by publick audion before two or more of the before two commiftioners fpectally to be appointed for the purposes thereof, or fome perfon or perfons appointed by them for that purpose, IO day3

and notice thereof.

Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797*

and such commiffioners fhall caufe notice to be publifhed in Tome r.ewfpaper ufuaily circulated in the county, riding, ftewartry, or place, where such property intended to be fold fhall be fituate, of such fale, at lead ten days before the fame fhall take place.

XXV.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to extend to enable any tenant for lives, or for years determinable on lives, or for

to fell without years abfolute, though not at rack rent, to fell any part of the reverfionertlie tenement demifed in any cafe of a demife for which any fine or premium was paid, without the confent of the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, entitled to the immediate eftate in reverfion upon such demife. ,

XXVI,  And be it further enacted, That where any heir of entail in pofteftion of an entailed eftate in Scotland, or his or her tutor or tutors, or where he or file is an idiot or lunatick, his or

74a

Tenants for lives or years, where a fine was paid, not

Heirs of entail in pofiefiion in Scotland, their tutors,

hv petition to the court of fefiion, in all cafes of intended lales, for the pur-pofe of redeeming the land tax; the

proceed fum marily to authorife such file, and the extract of their decree fhall authorife the commiffioners to fell.

&c. {hall apply her curator or curators, mean to fell part of the faid eftate to purchafe the land tax of the eftate, in terms of this ad, it fhall be competent and requifite for him, her, or them, to apply by petition to the court of feflion, ftating the amount of the land tax payable out of the faid eftate, what part of the eftate it is pro-pofed to fell, and the rent or annual value of that part of the eftate, and praying the court, upon the allegations on thefe points being proved to the fatisfadion of the court, and it being ihewn faid court fir all that the fale of the part of the eftate propofed to be fold will not materially injure the refidue of the eftate remaining unfold, and that the part fo propofed to be fold is proper (confidering all cir-cumftances) to.be fold for the purpose aforesaid, to authorife such fale to proceed in manner herein-after enacted; and the judges of the faid court are hereby authorifed and required to order such petitions to be intimated upon the walls of the outer and inner houfe of the faid court in common form, for ten federunt days, which intimation fhall be a valid and effedual intimation and fcrvice, to all intents and purposes, as much as if the faid petitions had been perfonally intimated to or ferved upon all perfons having or pretending to have any intereft with regard to the faid eftate, as fubftitute heirs of entail, creditors on the faid eftate, or in any other way or character whatever, and such intimation being duly made, the court fhall proceed fummarily in the matter, and fhall authorife the fale of that part of the eftate which the petitioner or petitioners are willing to fell, which the court thinks ought to be fold for the purpose above mentioned, and againft: the fale of which no fufficient reafon is ftated by any perfon having intereft; and the extrad of the decree of the court authorifing the fale, fhall be fufficient authority to the commif-fioners appointed by this ad to carry on the fale in the manner herein-after elireded.

XXVII. And be it further enaded, That where any heir of entail in pofteftion of an entailed eftate in Scotland\ or his or her tutor or tutors, or where he or fhe is an idiot or lunatick, his or

In cafes of borrowing money by such heir, See. in

Scotland, and her curator or curators, mean to burthen the faid eftate with a granting hm- pum 0f m0ney to be borrowed, to enable him. her, or them, to table iecunty  purchafq.

1797*] Anno regm tricefimo oclavp Georgii III. c. 60.  741

purchafe the land tax of the laid eftate, it fhail be competent and for the fame, neceftary for him, her, or them, to apply by petition to the court to^be^ of feftlon, ftating the amount of the land rax payable out of the mac|e to, and eftate, the fum- propofed to be borrowed, and whether it is pro- proceedings 1 pofed to grant the heritable-fecurity over the whole or part of the had by, the 1 eftate, and if over part of the eftate what part, and praying the court to authorife him, her, or them, to borrow such fum as the court (hall think proper for the purposes of this act, and to grant heritable fecurity in common form for that fum over the whole eftate, or part thereof, as the cafe may be, and the judges of the faid court are hereby authorifed and required to order such petitions to be intimated in the fame manner as petitions praying for authority under this act to fell part of entailed eftates are by this, a£t ordered to be intimated, and the effect of such intimation (hall be the fame in both cafes; and such intimation being duly made, the court fhail proceed fummarily in the matter, and (hull authorife the petitioner or petitioners to grant heritable fecurity over the whole of the entailed eftate, or part thereof, provided no fufficient reafon is ftated to the contrary by any perfon having intereft.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted. That where any part of Such Tales m an entailed eftate in Scotland is fold for the purposes of this a&

in the manner herein-before diredted, and where any heritable cities"fhalJ be" fecurity is granted upon any entailed eftate alio in the manner'valid to all herein-before directed, such fale and heritable fecurity fhail be as intents; but valid and efFedtual, to all intents and purposes, as if the eftate, part of which is fo fold, or upon which the' heritable fecurity is neve~ be ^ granted, had been held by the feller and grantor of the heritable judged for fectirity in fee fimple unfettered by any entail, and the perfon to money lent on whom such heritable fecurity is granted, his heirs, executors, and intereih aftignees, fhail have and be entitled to ufe all the powers, remedies, and means known in law, to recover either the intereft due upon the money lent or the principal fum : provided always,

That it (hall not be competent to adjudge all or any part of the entailed eftate, either for the intereft: or principal fum of the money fo lent.

XXIX.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That Previous to

before any fale, mortgage, or grant as aforefaid (hall be made by aiT *a*e>

/ ^  •  o  o  *  o  r  J  mort (rci,Tf? or

virtue of this ad, the perfon or perfons defirous of making the grailt~ under

fame (hall produce to the commiffioners fpecially to be appointed this a ft, a for the purposes of this ad, in the county, riding, ftewartry, or fchedule fhali place, where the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and here- ^ theco^ ditaments intended to be fold, mortgaged, or charged, are fituatc, mi^oner^by a fchedule, in writing, declaring the quantity or duration of the the feller, &c. eftate or eftates which he, fhe, or they fhail have in the manors, ftating the mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon the land tax propofed to be redeemed (hall be charged; and if the fame anV that of all fhail not be an eftate of inheritance, then the name or naines of reverlioners the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies next and mort-entitled to any beneficial intereft in such manors, mefluages, §a8ecs* lands, tenements, or hereditaments, expectant on the determination

 Go< [e

74a

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii 111. c. 60.

! I'

97*

Money fhall be paid by purchafers,

tion of the immediate ertate or intereft therein, and if such manors, mertuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fbail be fubjeCt to any mortgage, charge, lien, or incumbrance, then the name or names of the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having such mortgage, charge, lien, or incumbrance, and the amount thereof, and (if more than onej the priorities of the refpe&ive incumbrances.

XXX. And be it further enabled, That all and every fum and films of money to arife by virtue of any fale, mortgage, or grant.

under this to be made in purfuance of this a£f, (hall be paid by the refpeCtive purchafers, mortgagee's, or grantees, into the bank of England^ to be there placed to the account of the commiflioners for the reduction of the national debt, under the title “ An Account of the Sale of the Land Tax,” who fhall keep diftinCl accounts thereof, and invert the fame in the purchafe of three pounds per centum bank annuities, according to the directions of this adt; and the receipt of the cafhiers of the bank, or any one of them, ihall be a full and fufficient difcharge to the leveral purchafers, mortgagees, or grantees, paying in such monies as aforefaid; and the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, whose land tax fhall have been redeemed therewith, (hall be entitled to have and receive the fame certificates and difcharges, and his, her, or their ertate fhall be exonerated and difcharged from such land tax in the fame manner, in all refpe&s, as if the quantity of three pounds per centum bank annuities, to be purchafed with such monies, had been a&yally transferred by him, her, or them to the faid commiflioners, as the confideration for the redemption of such land tax: provided always, That no more money fhall be raifed by way of mortgage, or by grant of any rent charge, than what fhall appear to the faid commiflioners for the purposes of this ad>, to be fufficient to purchafe the amount of bank annuities to be transferred as the confideration for the redemption of such jand tax : provided alfo, That no other or greater quantity of ertate fhall be fold, than what fhall appear to the faid commif-fioners eligible and neceffary to be fold for the purposes aforefaid : provided alfo, That the faid commiflioners fhall not certify their

into the bank, to the account of commiflioners for reducing the national deft, who fhall invert the fame in 3 ptr cents.; the ca'lhier’s receipt (hall difcharge the purchafers; and the perfons whose land tax (hall be fo redeemed, fli all ft and in the fame filiation as if they had transferred 3 per cents.

No more money (hall he raifed, or land fold, than the commif-fioners (liall think necef-fary, on an

eflimate upon confent to, or approbation of, any such fale as aforesaid, without value0and6 having an ertimate in writing, upon oath or folemn affirmation, that the ertate  va^ue  of such part of the ertate as fhall be propofed to be

will not be materially injured.

fold, and that the fale thereof will not materially injure the refidue

of the ertate remaining unfold, and that the part fo propofed to

he fold is proper (confidering all circumftances) to be fold for

the purposes aforefaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enabled, That it fhall be

lawful for any perfon or perfons intererted in remainder, rever-

fion or expectancy, in any eflate in England, any part of which

ians, See. may fhall be propofed to be fold or mortgaged under the authority of petition chan- (h;s ^

or for the guardians, committees, or trurtees, of any such perfon or perfons who fhall be aggrieved by such intended fale or mortgage, or conceive themfelves fo to be, at any time before such ertate ihall have been actually cor\veyed by way of

fa!§

Reverfioners of eftates in England, or their guard-

eery again ft such fales or mortgage.

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III, c.  745

fale or mortgage, to prefent a petition to the high court of chancery, which court fliall have power in a fummary way to make such order refpeding the fufpenfion of or proceeding in such fale or mortgage, or for the fale or mortgage of any other part of the eftate in queftion, as well as for the payment of any corts occafioned by such petition, as such court fhall think fit.

XXXIL And be it further enaded, That wherever, by reafon Jfon such fa??, of any fluduation in the price of the faid bank annuities, or that ^an^ihr^liis the precife quantity of ertate neceffary to be fold for the purposes Qf flock, after aforefaid cannot be fet apart to be fo fold, there (hall be any fur- transferring, plus of flock purchafed with the money arifing by any fale, fufficient to mortgage, or grant, to be made under or by virtue of this ad, [^d^ax^^ich after reserving fo much of three pounds per centumbank annuities furplusYfrom as fhall be agreed to be transferred as the confideration for such lands in England tax, the faid furplus flock fhall, where such manors, mef- land) ihall be fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo fold, mortgaged, ^Ylffn the^^0 or charged, are fituated in England, be placed in the books of accountant the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the general's accountant general of the court of chancery, to the intent that name, and the fame may be applied in the manner herein-after mentioned;

eery in pay-

(that is to fay), To the intent that such furplus flock may at a convenient time be fold, and the money arifing therefrom applied, ment of debts under the direction and with the approbation of the faid court, to affedling the be fipnified by an order made upon a petition to be preferred in ® e^ate»

O  J  r  r  r  qj-  til6  DUT—

a fummary way, in the difeharge of any debt or debts, or part chafe of other thereof, affeding the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or lands, to be hereditaments, the land tax charged whereon fliall have been fo fettled as the redeemed, or where the fame fhall not be fo applied, then the fame ^^e^the di fhall be laid out and inverted, under the like diredion and ap- videndsmean-probation of the faid court, in the purchafe of other manors, while to be meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which fhall be P^id to the conveyed and fettled to, for, and upon, such and the like ufes, t^Yothe** trufts, intents, and purposes, and in the fame manner as the ]ancis- or such manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which lurplus may fhall be fo fold, mortgaged, or charged, as aforesaid, flood fettled be laid out ia and limited, or such of them as at the time of making such con- ^Yind tax^ veyance and fettlement fhall be exifting, undetermined, and which fhall capable of taking effed, and in the mean time the dividends and then be con. annual produce of such furplus flock fhall from time to time go fidered as real and belong to the perfon or perfons who would, for the time e^ate% being, have been entitled to the rents and profits of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in cafe such lad-mentioned purchafe and fettlement were made ; or to the intent that such furplus dock may be transferred to the com-miffioners for the reduction of the national debt, under the diredion and with the approbation of the faid court of chancery* to be fignified in manner aforesaid, for the purchafe of any land tax charged on any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fituate in any part of Great Britain; and such land tax, when fo purchafed, (hall be deemed to.be of the nature of real eftate, and (hall go and be applied in the fame manner as

the

In Scotland such furplus flock ihall be placed in one of the publick banks lubjcCt to the order of

Anno regni tricefimo odtavo GeorgTi III. c. 60. .[1797.

the eftate fold would have gone and been applied, if the fame had not been fo fold.

XXXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enatfted, That where such manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo fold, mortgaged, or charged, are fituated in Scotland, such furplus Hock may be fold, and the money arifing therefrom be paid into or placed in one or other of the two publick banks the court of °f Scotland^ with the previous authority of the court of feflion, feftion, who the judges of which court are hereby empowered and required, may apply the upon fummary petition to be prefented to them by or on the fame m pay- hehalf of the proprietor or heir in poffeiEon for the time, to oi^th^pur- direct ar)d order that the Paid furplus money or balance fliall be chafe of other laid out and employed as foon as conveniently may be, under the lands’or land diredfion and with the approbation of the faid court, either in tax; and the payment of debts affedling the faid entailed eftate, or in the place the fame Purchsfe of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any cut at intereft land tax, which refpectively {hall be limited and fettled to the for the benefit fame perfons and ufes, and under the fame claufes and conditions uitUb'dto'the aS  manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and heredita-

lands^  meats, which ihall be fofold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid,

{food fettled and limited ; and in the mean time, till the faid furplus money or balance {hall be fo employed, to order and direct the money to be laid out upon such fecurity as to the court {hall feem proper, upon intereft, and to direct such claufes to be inferred in the bond or other fecurity to be taken for the money, as ihall be effectual to feeure the perfon or perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the faid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in cafe such fale, mortgage, or grant had not been made, and the fucceecling heirs of entail who ihall fucceffively come to the poffeffion of the fame, the enjoyment of the intereft of the faid money, and to preferve the capital until the money fliall be employed as aforefaid.

If the fur phis  XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if

ceed 7oo\*'  ^urP^us  as aforefaid {hall not exceed the amount of two hun-.

liock, it may dred pounds principal flock, the fame fliall be transferred to a be transferred truftee to be named by the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporate a trullee tions, or companies redeeming such land tax, in order that the felei c^of^he *ame may be aPpbed in any manner herein-before directed, courts,  without obtaining or being required to obtain the direiftion or

approbation of the court of chancery or court of .fefiion as aforefaid.

Mortgagees, 13  XXXV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That all

acVriot to",Sand every perfons or perfon, body, corporation, or company, have priority having any mortgage. Charge, lien, or incumbrance on any over former manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which mortgagees of ^ajj ^ mortgaged, or out of which any rent charge fliall be for'interdt^of grante^ by virtue of this atft, {hall have and be entitled to all mortgage;and such remedies, privileges, and advantages, both at law and in such former equity, as he, file, or they would have had or been entitled to

in

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 60.  745

in cafe this a<ft had not been paffed, or no-mortgage or grant mortgagees to had been made under or by virtue thereof; and the perfon or £ave tlie £reT

j  7  1  or  ?lrl—

perfons lending any money for the purposes of this a<ft (hall not vancjng mo_

have priority of fecurity on the faid manors, meffuages, lands, or ney to redeem

hereditaments, by force and virtue of this a£t, over any such the land tax.

prior mortgage, charge, lien, or incumbrance, in refpedt of the

principal money lent for the purposes of this a£l, but in refpedt

of the intereft thereof only: provided alfo, That all perfons,

bodies, corporations, or companies, having any prior mortgages,

charges, liens, or incumbrances on such manors, meffuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall be entitled, according

to their refpedHve priorities, to advance the money required for

the redemption of such land tax in preference to all other perfons.

XXXVI.  And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon or per- onTomin*

Tons, bodies, corporations, or companies, entitled in remainder, fntopoffcffior^

reverfion, or expectancy to, or having any future intereft in any to be liable to

manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which the payment

fhall be fo conveyed, furrendered, or demifed by way of mort- more ,than j '  j  /  one year s

gage, or whereout any such rent charge or rent charges as afore- jntereA &c.

(aid fhall be granted and made payable, in purfuance of this a£t, in arrear.

fhall be liable, upon his, her, or their coming into the poffeftion

of, or being beneficially entitled to such manors, meffuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to the payment of arrears of

intereft on any fum or fums of money fecured by mortgage as

aforefaid, or of arrears of any rent charge for more than twelve

calendar months preceding the time that the title to such poffeffion

fhall have accrued.

XXXVII.  And be it further enabled, That where any perfon Any perfon

or perfons having such benefit of preference as herein-before mentioned, and who fhall not be feifeu of or entitled to any ancj nots an > eftate of inheritance in the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, eftate of in-and hereditaments, whereon any land tax (hall be charged, (hall heritance, reredeem such land tax by and out of his, her, or their own eftate,  out

and fhall, at the time of entering into the contrail for the re- of his own' demption thereof, have declared his, her, or their option to be eftate, and confidered on the footing of a purchafer or purchafers as afore- declaring his faid, such perfon or perfons, his, her, or their executors, admi- ^niidered^as niftrators, or aftigns, fhall have, hold and enjoy the land tax fo a purchafer, redeemed by him, her, or them, as an annuity iffuing out of (hall hold the such manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments iaricltax re* (fubjedt to such right and power of redemption thereof as herein- aunuit^ iflii*11 before is given to the perfon or perfons beneficially entitled to jng out of the the next eftate or intereft in reverfion, remainder. Or expectancy, lands, (fuhjedt as and when such eftate or intereft fhall velf in poffeffion); and \° the reyer-

when any such perfon or perfons as aforefaid {hall not, at the ^?n.er,s

r  ••  or  .  >  r  r  ,  °* redemption

time of entering into the contract for the redemption or Inch underfed. 18^;

land tax, have declared his, her,'or their option as aforesaid,, but if the

whereby such manors, meffuages, lands, tenement*, or hcredita- lands are exo-

ments, whereon the land tax (ball have been charged, will by ^h^tax ^the*

virtue of this ad be exonerated therefrom, such manors, mcf- purchafer will

fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fnall be and become be entitled to

chargeable-the amount of

deemed :

746 Ahno regmtrlcefimbofllvoGEbRGii HI. d 60. [1797-. the 3 per chargeable for the benefit of such perfon or perfons, his, her, or fcired aTthe ^le‘r executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, with the amount of con (iteration r^ree pounds per centum bank annuities, which (hall have with ihtereft been transferred as the confideratioh f6r the redemption of the equal to the faid land tax, and with the payment of such yearly fum or fums land tax re- 0f money, bv way of interefb thereon, as (hall be equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed : provided always* That no but reverfion- perfon or perfons in remainder, reverfion, or expedfancy, or Irbleto the ^av^no an>' future intereft as aforesaid, who (hall afterwards, in payment of or^er of fucceflion, come into the adlual pofleflion, or be benefi -inch intereft ciallv entitled to the rents and profits of such manors, mefiuages, only from the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hail be liable to the payment

cordm- Into °* an)7 2nnu^>S or °f anY yearly fum or fums of money by pclTciiion. way of intereft as aforesaid, fave only from the time he, (he, or they fhall come into poffellion, or be beneficially entitled a9 aforefaid.

Nolands fhall XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That

be fold or n0 manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall

rnengaged or p0]fj or morto;ao;ed, nor anv rent charge granted, in purfuance

the purnofes  &  5  ,  .  .  *  .  .  ^  p. o • »

of this ?! A, of the powers and authorities given by this act, without one

without one calendar month’s previous notice in writing given to the faid

month’s no- commiftioners fpecially to be appointed for the purposes of this

com m; ft on  ac^’ trie Per^on or Perfons defirou9 of making such fale,

c-rs; Vior if the mortgage, or grant, nor if the perfon or perfons who (hall be

pe»fonentitled beneficially entitled to the firft or next beneficial eftate in re-

to the firft or mainder, reverfion, or expectancy therein, fir any such (hall be,)

eitate tor or c^e guar(^ian or guardians of such perfon or perfons, in cafe

guardian, &c. minority, or committee or committees of his or her eftate in

fhall, on one cafe of lunacy, (hall, within one calendar month after notice in

month’s no- writing fhall be given to him, her, or them by the perfon or

ever ^afe^ ^ Per^ons defirous of making such fale, mortgage, or grant, (which

muft be given notice such perfon or perfons is and are hereby required to give

him),advance in every such cafe), agree to advance the money* which (hall be

the money necdiary ; m which cate they fhall be

required for the purchafe of the ftock to be transferred, as the* confideraticn for the redemption of the (and tax charged on such manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and

confidtrtd as which money such guardian or guardians, committee or corn-

prchrnbly

entitled.

mittees, is or are hereby authorifed or empowered to advance for that purpose ; and in every such cafe the contract (hall be made in the name of, or afiigned to the perfon or perfons by whom or on whole behalf such money (hall be advanced, who (ball be bound to complete the fame, and have and enjoy all benefits and advantages arifing therefrom, in the fame manner as if such perfon or perfons had been originally entitled to such Gmrdnns of benefit of preference as aforefaid: provided always, That nothing rnnftden^c". herein contained (hall extend to prevent any perfon or perfons, may fell as if hereby required to give such notice to the faid commiftioners as infants I,ad  aforesaid, who (hall be the guardian or guardians of such infant,

or committee or committees of such lunatick perfon or perfons in remainder, reverfion, or expediancy, from making any such rncefi'rmo- fale, mortgage, or grant of any rent charge, in the fame manner

been of full age, and had refuted to ad

ney on notice*

as

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgn III. c. 60.  747

as if filch infant perfon or perfons had been of full age, and had refufed to advance such moneyas aforefaid.

XXXIX.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That Truft pro-where 'any manors, mertuages, lands, tenements, or heredita- layout fnents, (hall be fettled or limited to or for any particular ufes, jn iancj may trufts, intents, or purposes, and any other property fhall be fub- be applied in je£t to any truft to be laid out or inverted in the purchafe of r^dernption other manors, mertuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to ° x be fettled to or for the fame ufes, trufts, intents, or purposes, or limited lands, to be applied in the payment of any debts or charge affecting and the land the fame, then and in every such cafe it fhall be lawful to apply  in

fuch other property in the redemption of the land tax charged jj^rge^n the upon such fettled manors, mertuages, lands, tenements, and faij iaiKj8# hereditaments, with such confent as (hall be neceftary for the purpose of applying such other property in the purchale of any manors, mertuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, according to the terms of the trurt affed'ting the fame, whether such truft fhall have been created or dire£ted by any a£fc of parliament, deed, will, or otherwife ; and when any such truft property fhall be under the diredfion or controul of ariycourt, the fame fhall be fo applied under the order of such court; and such land tax, when all the inftalments fhall be completed, fhall fink and become merged in the fame manors, meiTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the benefit of the perfon or perfons for the time being beneficially entitled thereto.  .

XL. And be it further enadled, That any truft property, Truft pro-which by any aft of parliament, or any deed or will, or other- ^ out wife, is diredted to be applied in the purchafe of ftock in the ;n the funcjs> publiclc funds or other fecurities, at the difcreticn of any truftee may be invertor truftees, or curator or curators, or fubjedt to the confent ofed in the: pur-the perfon or perfons for whose benefit the truft fhall be created, £ax ^nde^this or any of them, then and in every such cafe it fhall be lawful to a&. as aifQ layout and invert; the fame in the purchafe of any land tax which truft property fhall be fold in purfuance of this adl, in the fame manner in all ?° he applied refpedls as if such inveftment had been authorifed by the terms of the truft, affedling such property; and if any such truft pro- which cafe the perty (hall be fubjedt to any truft to apply the fame in the pur- land tax fhall chafe of real eftate, to be fettled do or for any particular ufes, be confidered intents, or purposes, it fhall be lawful to apply the fame in the hutrhVe^taU* purchafe of any land tax to be purchafed in purfuance of this in which may adf; and such land tax, when fo purchafed and conveyed to the be barred by ufes, and fubjedi to the trufts, and for the intents and purposes deec* enrolled to and for which such real eftate, if purchafed, would have been aadreStiered, fubjedf, fhall be deemed to be of the nature of real eftate, and (hall go and be applied in the fame manner as real eftate, if pur-chafed with the fame funds, would have gone and been applied : provided always, That it fhall be lawful for all and every perfon and perfons who fhall become entitled to any such land tax fo purchafed and fettled as real eftate, to bar and deftroy any entail thereof, which might have been barred by recovery or line by deed acknowledged by such perfon or perfons, and enrolled in V 01#. XLI.  ' Ddd  one

Timber maybe cut down by perfons in pofteflion under order of

as in cafes of real e It ate, under the direction of the courts; having regard to the rights of

748 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo GfeoRGn III. c. 60. [1797*

One of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVejlminfler, or in the courts of the faid counties palatine, or the great fetlions in Wales* as the cafe (hall require, or regiftered in the office for regiftering deeds in the counties of Middlefex or York, as the cafe {hall require*

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That for the purpose of redeeming or purchaftng the land tax charged on any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fubjeCl to any reftriCtion, in the power of the perfon or perfons in poffeffion, or chancery, &c. entitled to the rents and profits thereof, to cut down timber du^and^r ^anc^n£ thereon, it fhall be lawful for such perfon or perfons in plus applied in poffeffion, with the approbation (if in England) of the court of redemption of chancery, and (if in Scotland) of the court of feffion, upon an land tax, &c. application in a fummary way, to cut down such quantity of timber as the faicl courts fhall reflectively direCl, and apply the produce thereof, under the directions of such courts, in the redemption or purchafe of the land tax, or any part thereof, charged on any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon the faid timber fhall be growing, or any manors, mef-aliVcrfons'ln- fuages> lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fubjeCt to the fame terefted. reftridtion; and in cafe there fhall be any furplus of money arifing by fale of such timber, the.fame fhall be applied in manner herein-before directed, with refpeCt to furplus money arifing by fale of any manors, melluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, hereby authorifed to be fold : provided always neverthe-lefs. That the court by whose direction any such timber fhall be fold, fhall further direCt in what manner the income derived therefrom ought to be applied during fo long time as the manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, on which such timber fhall be growing, fhall be in pofTeffion of any perfon or perfons having a limited intereft or limited interefts therein, having regard to the rights of all perfons interefted therein, cuflomar^ ^ XLII. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for eftateTmaybe anybody politick or corporate, or company, and for any perfon or enfranchifed perfons feifed of any manors in England, of which any copyhold or cuftomary eftates fliall be holden, with the approbation of the court of chancery, to enfranchife any such copyhold or cuftomary eftates, and to apply the money arifing thereby, under the direction of the faid court, in the fame manner and under the fame reftri&ions as herein-before directed and provided with re-fpeCt to any timber hereby authorifed to be cut down on any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the like purpose. XLI1I. And be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for devufedfoTthe anY Per^*on or perfons by will or other wife, or any bodies politick redemption of or corporate, to give any fum or fums of money for the purpose the land tax of applying the fame in the redemption or purchafe of the land tax charged, on any manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fettled to any charitable ufes, and which may and fhall be applied accordingly; any ftatutes of mortmain, or other ftatute or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIV. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for

any

for the fame purposes.

Money may be given or

on eftates of charities.

Parifties entitled to lands

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 60.  '  749

any parifh or place entitled to the benefit of any lands, tene- fettled to cha-ments, or hereditaments fettled to charitable ufes, to apply such r*tat>le ufes,

*  7  mpiv rpnprrn

fum or fums of money as (hall be neceflary for the redemption the land tax of the land tax charged thereon, out of'any rate made or to be thereon out of made on such parifh or place for the relief of the poor* in cafe the poors the rents and profits of such lands fhall be applicable for benefit of the poor, and out of any church rate, in cafe the tion ot^two rents and profits fhall be applicable to the repairs of any church juftices, and or chapel, or otherwise out of such parifh rate as the circum- on publick fiances of the particular cafe fhall require : provided always, ^uixVfor That no such rate fhall be fo applied without the approbation of two Sundays, two juflices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, certified in writing to the cotnmiflioners fpecially to be appointed for the purposes of this a£l, and upon proof before such juftices on oath or affirmation, of notice having been given during divine fervice on two Sundays at the leaft in the church or chapel, belonging to such parifh or place, or where there fhall be no church or chapel, then in the church or chapel of fome parifh adjoining thereto, of an intention to make such application, and of the time and place of applying for the approbation of such juftices.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for Surveyorge* the furveyor general of the land revenues of the crown, in refpedl ner -1 *he of the land tax charged on the manors, meftuages, lands* tene- cham^nr'rand ments, rents, or other revenues of the crown, within the furvev councji Qf the and receipt of the exchequer for the time being, wit;h the confent duchy of of the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners of the treafury kancafter, and for the time being, and for the chancellor and council of the [aloVthe^116" duchy of Lancajier for the time being, in refpedl of the land tax duchy of charged on the manors, meftuages, lands, rents, tenements, Cornwall, hereditaments, or other revenues of the crown, within the furvey may agree for andvreceipt of the faid chancellor and council, and officers of the [he^Tnd^ax0* faid duchy, and for the furveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall, on lands in refpedt of the land tax charged on the manors, me Ullages, within their lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues of the duchy of re*Pe<^ive fiir-Cornwall, to conrratft and agree with the commiflioners fpecially the cafe of to be appointed for the purposes of this a61, for the redemption bodies corpo-of the land tax charged upon any of the faid manors, mefluages, rate, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues refpedtively, and to proceed to the completion of such contract, in such and the like manner, in all refpects, as is herein-before directed in cafes of redemption of any land tax, with and fubjecft to such benefit of preference, and with such power of redemption as is hereinbefore given to any bodies politick or corporate by this a£I, except where it fhall be otherwife exprefsly provided by this a£h

XLV I. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for fons to alcer-his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefl'ors, by warrant under his royal tain the land fign manual, to nominate and appoint such and fo many perfons tax on the as his Majesty may think proper, for the purpose of ascertaining tfie proportions of the land tax charged upon all and every of of the exche-* the manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues quer; a re-belonging tp the crown, within the furvey and receipt of the Port which

exchequer



Surveyor general of the crown may contratft for

750 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii IILc. 60. [1797*

exchequer in England, and such commiflioners are hereby required, as foon as they conveniently can, to certify and report, in writing under their hands and feals, unto the commiflioners of hrs Majesty’s treafury for the time being, the proportions of such land tax, and the feveral parifhes and places within which, and the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues upon which the fame is charged and payable, and to tranfmit a copy of such certificate to the furveyor general of his Majesty’s land revenue.

XLVII. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the furveyor general of the land revenues of the crown, now or for the time being, to contract or agree with any perfon or fale of part of perfons, or any bodies politick or corporate, for the fale, from the crown time to time, of such or fo much of the manors, mefluages, lands, d^m the land tenements> tythes, mines, minerals, collieries, woods, wood tax hereon; grounds, fens, marfhes, or wafte lands belonging to the crown, the money to as are within the furvey and receipt of the exchequer in England,, he paid into for foe beft prices or confiderations in money which the faid laid out byTis ^urveYor general (hall be able to procure for the fame, as will order in the raife a him of money fufficient for the redemption of the land tax purchafe of charged upon the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, rents,

3  percents, in or any ot^er revenues 0f or belonging to the crown, and the oftheTrea- Purchafe monies to be paid for the fame (hall from time to time fury, as under be paid into the bank of England, to the account of the com-34 Geo. 3. c. miflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, under which title the gover-75* but the^ nor and company of the bank of England are hereby required to keo^^iftinA 6 °^en an account accordingly, and (hall be laid out by order of from thole un* the furveyor general in the purchafe of three pounds per centum, der that aft. confolldated bank annuities, in the names of the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, in like manner as is directed by an acft, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An aft for the better management of the la?id revenue of the crown, and for the fale of the fee farm and other unimproveable rents; but neverthelefs in such manner that the accounts thereof may be kept feparate and diftindt from the accounts of the fales made, and ftock purchafed, in purfuance of that acft.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacfted, That no onl b war  contra^:  be  made,  unlefs by fpecial warrant to be iflued

rant from the f°r that PurP°^e by the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners treafury. of the treafury for the time being.

Chancellor, XLIX. And be it further enadfea, That it (hall be lawful for See. of the the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancafer for the duchy of time being, under the feal of the faid duchy, to nominate and a^oint^er^ aPP°‘nt such and fo many perfons as the faid chancellor and duchy may think proper, for the purpose of afeertaining the proportions of the land tax charged upon all and every the manors, mefluages; lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues belonging to the crown, within the furvey and receipt of the faid duchy and its officers ; and such laft-menttoned commiflioners are hereby required, as foon as they conveniently can, to certify and report, in writing under their hands and feals* unto the-

chancellor

Suchcontra&s to be made

appoint perfons to afeer-tain the land tax on crown lands within furvey of the duchy to be reported to them.

1797• 1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii IIL c. 6o.  75*

chancellor and council, the proportions of such land tax, and the feveral parifhes and places within which, and the manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues upon which the fame is charged and payable, and to tranfmit a copy of such certificate to such officer of the faid duchy as the (aid chancellor and council fhall appoint.

L. And be it further enabled, That whenever the faid fur- Surveyor ge-veyor general fhall have contracted with any perfon or perfons, ]J,er^contT^t" bodies politick or corporate, for the fale of any manors, mefiuages, ftaH give a* * lands, tenements, tythes, or other hereditaments belonging to certificate the crown, the faid furveyor general fhall grant to the refpective thereof to the purchafer or purchafers a certificate under his hand, fpecifying ^JC^?oduc^ the premifes fo contracted for, and the amount of the purchafe tion of which* money to be paid for the fame; and the cafhiers of the bank, or the cafhiers of one of them, fhail, upon the production of such certificate, accept the bank hull and receive the purchafe monies therein fpecified, and at the foot or on. the back of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the ^vc a fame, without fee or reward ; and the faid certificate and receipt receipt; fhall be afterwards enrolled in the office of the refpedtive auditor which certifi-of the land revenue, or in the office of the clerk of the pipe, if cei^t^tll be the premifes (hall be in charge before him; and such auditor or enrollecTin clerk of the pipe, or their refpedlive deputy or deputies, having the office of enrolled the faid certificate and receipt, (hall attefi: the fame auditor of the under his or their hand or hands, and return the faid certificate  'and

and receipt to the purchafer or purchafers, and from and imme- the enrol-diately after such enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the re- ment, attefted fpe&ive purchafers, their heirs, fuccefiors, or affigns, fhall by on raid force of this acf be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the fhallfull actual feifin and pofleflion of the premifes fo by them refpedtively evidence of purchafed, and fhall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and the purcha-quietly, freed and difeharged of and from all claims and demands fer’s title, which can or may be made by his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefiors, or by any perfon or perfons lawfully claiming, by, from, or under him or them, and of and from ail manner of incumbrance whatfoever, as fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as his Majefiy, his heirs or fuccefiors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame.

LI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the Expends of lord high treafurer or commiffioners of the treafury for the time ffiaH be' being, to order any expences that may bemeceflarily incurred defrayed by for making furveys of any of the manors, mefiuages, lands, the treafury. tenements, or hereditaments, hereby authorifed to be fold or other wife, in relation to the fale thereof, to be defrayed out of the purchafe monies arifing from such fales.

LI1. And be it further ena&ed. That every contradl made Form of con-under the authority of this a£t, for the fale of any part of the tr*&s a^re-land revenues of the crown within the furvey and receipt of the of1 such lands exchequer, fhall be in the form fpecified in the fchedule hereunto in fchedules,5 annexed, marked (F.) ; and every certificate for the fale of any E, F, G, H. part of the revenues of the crown within the furvey or receipt of the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancafter, fhall be in

d p d 3  the

7Sz  Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797*

the form fpecified in the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked

(E.); and every certificate of contra£l for the fale of any part of

the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall, (hall be in the form in

the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked (G.); and the receipt or

acknowledgement for the confideration of every such fale fhall be

in the form in the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked (H.)

Chancellor, LIII. And be it further ena6led, That it fhall be lawful for the

ofCLancaftery chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancajler for the time

may fell lands, being, to fell and difpofe of, to any perfon or performs, bodies

&c. within politick or corporate, from time to time, and thereupon to grant

the duchy, to and affile, in the name of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors,

redeem the uncjer the feal of the faid duchy, such and fo much of the manors, land tax; the ,r  ,  .  n

purchafe meliuages, lands, tenements, tytnes, mines, minerals, collieries, money to be woods, grounds, fens, marfhes, or wade lands, belonging to the paid to the crown, as are within the furvey and receipt of the faid duchy ra?ofthe*ene" an<^ t^e °®cers °f the fame, or for the bed prices or confidera-duchy, and tions in money which the faid chancellor and council fhall be invefted under able to procure for the fame, as will raife a fum of money fuf-the directions ftcient for the redemption of the land tax charged upon the o 19 Geo. 3. manorS5 meduages, lands, tenements, rents, or any other revenues of or belonging to the crown, within the furvey and receipt of the faid duchy and the officers of the fame, and the purchafe money to be paid for the fame fhall from time to time be paid into the hands of the receiver general of the revenues of the faid duchy, and acquittances and receipts given by him for the fame, and the fame fhall be laid out and invefted in like manner, in all refpedfs, as is dire6ted by an a£t pafled in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled, An att to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancafter to fell and difpofe of certain fee farm rents, and to enfranchife copyhold and cujlomary tenements, within their furvey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the faid duchy, or any other a£t or a6ls now in force for the fale of any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, within the furvey and receipt of the faid duchy or its officers.

The treafury, LIV. And be it further ena£led, That it fhall be lawful for cellor^&c ^f ^ l°r(^ high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the treafury, in the duchy, refpe£t of the crown lands within the furvey and receipt of the may, from the exchequer, and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of ?r°h °f Lancajler in refpe6l of the crown lands in the furvey and receipt fpe&ively,1^ °^the fa'd duchy, for the time being, by order of his Majesty in transfer to council, from time to time to caufe to be transferred to the commiffioners commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt, fo much of for reducing the capital ftock vefted in their refpedlive names, arifing from debt^f^much any *a^es made by them refpedlively in purfuance of the faid reflock as fhall fpedtive a6ls of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth years of the be neceftary reign of his prefent Majesty and of this a6l, or any other a61 or

thehr^f^c a^S nOW ^orce ^or  any  manors> meftuages,

tiv^propor- lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues of the crown, within tions of land the furvey and receipt of the exchequer, or the duchy of Lan-tax on the cajiery as may be neceftary for the redemption of the land tax crown lands.  charged

1797O Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III, c. 60.  753

charged upon any of the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues of the crown refpedlively; and The intereft, that in the mean time, and until the fame fhall be fo transferred, the intereft or yearly dividends thereof, and alfo the intereft or tjie furpiUS), if yearly dividends of any part of such capital flock which (hall not any, to be ap-be applied or difpofed of for the redemption or purchafe of such phed accord-land tax, fhall be from time to time received, accounted for, applied, and appropriated in like manner, in all refpedts, as is ^ directed by the faid a£ts of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth years and34Geo. 3. of his Majesty’s reign, in refpbcft of the dividends of flock pur-chafed in pursuance of the faid acfs, or either of them, refpedfively,

LV. And be it further enadfed, That upon the redemption On such by the transfer of flock, in the manner herein-before mentioned, ^^^ands of any land tax charged upon any manors, mefluages, lands, or to exone. rents, or any other revenues belonging to the crown, and upon rated from the the regiflry thereof in the manner herein diredled, the manors, land tax, and mefluages, lands, or rents, or any other revenue belonging to the crown, upon which such land tax fhall have been charged, abhH^y tenants fhall thenceforth be wholly freed and exonerated from the land of the crown, tax charged thereon, and from all further afreffments thereof, to be con* and the amount of such land tax fhall thenceforth during the r^overablc s continuance of any leale or demife now in being, be conildered rent# as rent due to his Majesty, his heirs and fuceeflors, and be recovered and recoverable as such by his Majesty, his heirs and fuceeflors, againft any leflee or leflees, and by such leflee or leflees againfl his, her, or their under leflees or tenants reflectively, and fhall be collected and received by such perfon or perfons, and fubjedl to such orders and regulations as the lord high treafurer or commiflioners.of the treafury in refpecfl of the crown lands within the furvey and receipt of the exchequer, and the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lav.cajler in refpedl of the crown lands in the furvey and receipt of the faid duchy, fhall from time to time appoint and eflablifh for the better collecting and anfwering the fame to his Majefly, his heirs and fuceeflors.

LVI. And be it further enadted. That it fhall be lawful for Prince of his royal highnefs George prince of Wales and duke of Cornwall, Wales may by warrant under his faid royal highnefs’s fign manual, to nomi- fQ^^afcer nateand appoint such and fo many perfons as his faid royal high- tajn bjs pro-nefs may think proper, for the purpose of afeertaining the pro- portions of portions of the land tax charged upon any of the manors, mef- lanc* tax in the fuages, lands, tenements, or other revenues belonging to and Cornwall • to parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, and such commiflioners are be reported to hereby required, as loon as they conveniently can, to certify his council, and report, in writing under their hands and feals, unto the &c-anc* a council or commiflioners of the revenues of his faid royal high- ^he^urve tor nefs, the proportions of such land tax, and the diftridf within general of the which, and the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or other duchy, revenues upon which the fame is charged and payable, and to tranfmit a copy of fuph certificate to the furveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall.

d d d 4  LVIL  And

the pur chafe money to be

Eaid into the ank.

754 Anno regni tricefuno odlavo Georgii 1IL c. 60. [1797. Surveyor  LVII.  And  be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for

duchy may ^ *be ^"urveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall, now or for the contraft for time being, to contract or agree with any perfon or perfons, or fale of lands any bodies politick or corporate, for the fale, from time to time, of to redeem the fiich or fo much of the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents? an tax, tithes, mines, minerals, collieries, woods, wood grounds, fens, marfhes, or wafte lands, belonging to and parcel of the faid duchy of Cornwall, for the beft prices or confiderations in money, which the faid furveyor general (hall be able to procure for the fame, as will ralfe a fum of money fufficient for the redemption of the faid land tax charged upon the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or any other revenues belonging to and parcel of the faid duchy of Cornwall, and the purchafe money to be paid for the fame fhall, from time to time, be paid by the refpedfive purchafers into the bank of England, to be there received by the cafhiers of the bank, and accounted for and inverted in the manner herein-after direded. Such con-  LVIIL  Provided  always,  and  be  it  further enabled. That no

tra£ts fhall be such contract fhall be made, unlefs by fpecial warrant to be iffued wafrant froni f°r tbat purpose by the council or commilfioners of the revenues the prince's bis faid royal highnefs, or any three or more of them, for the council, &c.

The bank ihall open an account with the duchy.

time being.

LIX. And be it further enadled, That the governor and directors of the bank of England fhall, and they are hereby required to open an account in their books, under the title of “The Account The furve or  ^ucby of Cornwall,” and carry to the creditpf such account

on contrattino-the fevera] monies directed a$ aforefaid to be paid to the cafhiers for the fale of of the bank, for or on account of the purchafe of any such manors, lands, fhall meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues of the faid

give the pur-  of Cornwall, and whenfoever the furveyor general of the

Culler 3 cer_  -  '  /  o

tifwate * on ~ faid duchy of Cornwall fhall have contracted with any perfon or the produc- perfons, bodies politick or corporate, for the fale of any such tion of which, manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues of of th^mone^ t^e ^a*lc^ duchy of Cornwall, the faid furveyor general fhall grant the bank^flfali unto the purchafer or purchafers a certificate under his hand, give him a  fpecifying the premifes fo contracted for, and the amount of the

receipt: the  purchafe money to be paid for the fame; and the faid cafhiers of

the bank, or one of them, fhall, upon the production of such certificate, accept and receive from such purchafer or purchafers the purchafe monies therein fpecified, and at the foot or on the back of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the faid monies the duch°r  with°ut fee or reward; and the faid certificate and receipt fhall

and the ^  • be afterwards brought to the office of the auditor of the duchy of

Cornwall, and be there forthwith inrolled in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpose, feparate and apart from the other bufinefs and proceedings of the faid office; and the faid auditor, or his lawful deputy, having inrolled the faid certificate and receipt, fhall atteft the fame under his hand, and return the faid certificate and receipt to the purchafer or purchafers; and from and immediately after such inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the refpe&ive purchafers of any such manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, mines, minerals, collieries, woods,

WO£>d

certificate and receipt fhall be enrolled in the office of

enrolment attefted thereon, Sec.

1797*1 Annoregmtricefimo oftavo Geoegii III. c. 60.  755

wood grounds, fens, marfhes, or wafte lands, belonging to and parcel of the faid duchy of Cornwall, and the heirs, fucceffors, or affigns of such purchafers, (hall, by force of this aft, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the aftual feifin and pofieffion of the manors, mertuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues fo by them refpeftively purchafed, and (hall hold and enjoy the iame peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as his faid royal highnefs, his heirs or fuc-ceifors, dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Contracts, if

perfon or perfons, with whom the furveyor general of the land eru-oUed

revenue of the crown or of the duchy of Cornvjall (hall contraft ancJ tjie

for the (ale of any of the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, money; paid

rents, or other revenues, by this aft authorifed to be fold as afore- within 40

Lid, (hall negleft to procure and fue forth the certificate of the ^*7®to *?e

*  r  i  •  VOIG UllieiS

refpeftive furveyor general of his, her, or their contraft, or fhall the furveyors

ncgleft to pay into the bank of Englandxhe confideration money general fhall *

therein to be fpecified, or fhall negleft to inrol Inch certificate, refpeftively

and the cafhier’s receipt for the faid money, according to the ^ficat^to^e*

directions of this aft, for the fpace of forty days, to be computed enron€d nunc

from the day on which such contraft fhall have been made, the pro tunc.

faid contraft fhall be null and void, and the confideration money,

if paid into the bank, (hall be forieited, unlefs the refpeftive fur-

yeyor general fhall, for any reafonable caufe to him (hewn for the

omi (lion of such inrolment, order the faid certificate to be inrolled

nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Caufe being (hewn^ he is

hereby authorifed to order accordingly.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every fum and fums Money paid of money, which fhall be paid into the bank of England, under or int° the bank by virtue of this adt, on account of the duchy of Cornwall, fhall, o^Taccoun^of from time to time be laid out, by order of the council or com- the duchy, mi (Goners of the revenues of his faid royal highnefs for the time fhall be aud ’ being

in the  ^  W,  U..V,  UUIVV  W.  ...  . . C*. . i W LUV. gU-V-.llWI CCHtS. itt tllC

and company of 'the bank of England are hereby authoiifed and name*of the required to permit transfers to be made of the annuities, funds, dukeofCorn-or (locks, fo to be purchafed, and such transfers to be accepted by wa^» and-th'e* the receiver general of the duchy of Cornwall, or his deputy, for  ®

and in the name of the duke of Cornwall, and the laid receiver into the hands general, or his deputy, is hereby required to accept the fame of the receiver accordingly; and that all and finguiar the annuities fo to be pur- °ftIie duchy chafed and accepted (hall remain inverted in the name of the duke revenue^ * ^ of Cornwall, and (hall not be transferred or transferrable to any thereof, perfon or perfons whatfoever, except in the manner herein-after deferibed ; and that all the dividends fhall, from time to time, be paid by the faid governor and company into the hands of the (aid receiver general of the duchy of Cornwall for the time being, or his deputy, and (hall, by force and virtue of this aft, be deemed and taken by Jaw to be part of the revenues of the faid duchy of Cornwall, and (hall be from time to time anfvvered, accounted for,

applied,

, in the purchafe of three pounds per centum bank annuities, remain m-

f\C  A ! 1 ir/* r\f  *1(7/inll i »■» nOmci nr/Miori-vn. ® ^  3

7 56

The prince’s council, &c. may transfer to the com -miflioners for reducing the national debt fo much of the faid ltock as fhall be ne-

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797*

applied, and appropriated, to such and the fame ufes and purposes as the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall now are or would hereafter have been liabe to, and been applied and appropriated in cafe this act had not been made.

LXH. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the council or commiflioners of the revenues of his faid royal highneis tor the time being, or any three or more of them, by warrant or power of attorney under their hands and feal of office, from time to time to transfer to the commiflioners for the reduction of the national debt fo much of the capital flock vefled in the name of the duke of Cornwall, ariling from any fales made in purfuance of this adt, as may be neceflary for the redemp-

The lands of the duchy to be thereupon exonerated

redemption of ^on 0i<r  tax charged upon any of the manors, mefluages,

bis land tax. lands, tenements, or other revenues belonging to and parcel of the faid duchy of Cornwall.

LXIIL And be it further enadted, That upon the redemption, by the transfer of flock in the manner herein-before mentioned, of any land tax charged upon any manors, mefluages, lands, tene-frem the land ments, or other revenues belonging to and parcel of the faid duchy fhall'be^onfi £°rmu0^'> an<^ uPon the regiflry thereof in the manner herein dered aennt diredted, the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or any other where payable revenues belonging to and parcel of the faid duchy of Cornwall, by the te- upon which such land tax fhall have b£en charged, fhall thence-nants.  forth during the continuance of any demife, be wholly freed and

exonerated from the land tax charged thereon, and from all fur,-ther afleflments thereof, and the amount of such land tax (hall thenceforth during the continuance of any demife be confidered as rent, and be recovered and recoverable as such by his faid royal highnefs the prince of Wales and duke of Cornwall, his heirs and fucceflors, againfl any leflee or lelfees, or tenant or tenants, and by such leflee or lefl'ees, or tenant or tenants, againfl his, her, or their under leffees or under tenants refpedtively. Governors of LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for Queen Anne s r^e gOVernors 0f the bounty of Queen Anneior the augmentation layout money the maintenance of the poor clergy, to lay out from time tQ in redeeming time any fum or fumsof money, which now are or hereafter fhall

land tax on livings,

be applicable by them towards the augmentation of any living or livings, under and by virtue of any adt or adts, law or laws, now in force, or of the charter granted in the reign of Queen Anne for that purpose, in the purchafe of fo much of three pounds per centum bank annuities before-mentioned, as may be neceflary for the redemption of the land tax charged, or hereafter to be charged, in purfuance of the faid adt of the prefent feflion, upon the lands, tythes, or other profits arifing from any living or livings being within the meaning of the faid charter, or any adt or acts now in force, diredting the application of such bounty, and which land tax fhall have been contradted for within the time before limited by the incumbent or incumbents of such living or livings, with the confent of the faid governors, and from time to time to transfer to the commiflioners for the redudtion of the national debt such three pounds per centum

bank

1797'] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 6o,  7-5  Jr

bank annuities according to such contracts; and such transfer of flock (hall from the quarter day preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and difcharge the lands, tithes, or other profits of such living or livings, from the payment of the land tax fo redeemed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for Governors of the governors and directors of hofpitals and other charitable in- hofpitals may flitutions, to apply any legacies or voluntary donations bequeath-  denfptiqjx

ed or given to or for the benefit of such hofpitals and charitable 0f land tax. inftitutions, and which fliall not have been directed by the perfon or perfons bequeathing or giving the fame to be applied in any particular manner, for or towards the redemption of the land tax charged upon any manors, meiTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to such hofpitals or charitable infti-tutions.

LX VI. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe where Any number the land tax charged on the meiluages, lands, tenements, or here- ^ofe^kmd ditaments, of any perfon, fhall not exceed the annual fum of tax fhall not twenty-five (hillings, it (hall be lawful for any number of such exceed 05s. perfons whose land tax refpetftively fhall not exceed such fum, each, may join being refpedtively entitled fo the benefit of preference as afore-faid, and who fhall refpetfively advance the money required for c|eeci duly ^ the purchafe of such land tax out of his, her, or their own eflate, regiJtered) to bv any deed or inftrument in writing under their refpedfive hands redeem their and feals, (a memorial of which deed (hall be regiftered gratis with the proper officer to be appointed as herein is direded), to apc[ fucj , fubllitute and appoint any other perfon or perfons to be a truflee truftee may or truflees, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax charged purchafe the upon their refpeclive meffuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-ments ; and such truflee or truflees fhall have full power and authority to demand the proper certificates from the commiffioner, in one con-for executing the faid a£l of the prefent feffion, of the amount of trad:, produc-land tax charged upon the feveral parties to such deed or inftru- ^^^Qners ment, and alfo upon obtaining such certificates to contract and the ^ee(1 0y agree, in his or their own name or names, with the commiffioners truft, and the fpecially to be appointed for the purposes of this a<5l, for the needlary redemption of such land tax; upon the lame terms and conditions, and in the fame manner, and to do all such other ails neceffiuy prefe*ence> ‘ for completing such contradl, as the perfons fo fubftituting him or and payment them could feverally and refpedtively have done by virtue of this of the money, act 5 and the faid commiffioners are hereby authoriled and empowered by one contradl, to contrail and agree with such truflee or truflees, in his her, or their own names, for the fale of the whole of such land tax accordingly, and as if the whole of such land tax was charged on the property of such truflee or truflees, without mentioning the proportions thereof: provided always, That such truflee or truflees fhall produce and (hew to the faid commi(Boners, the deed or inftrument conliituting such truft, and alfo an affidavit, depofition, or affirmation, of each of the parties to such truft deed or inftrument, to be made in the form and manner herein directed, with relped to affidavits, depohtions, and

affirmations

75*

Nut to author rife fale or mortgage, &c. of lands by perfons fo joining.

Such truft deeds not liable to ftamp duty.

Such truflees to affign their portion of land tax to each party (Schedule (I.) ; and the affignee fhall thereby become entitled to the land tax.

Seft. 78.

Alignment not liable to be itamped.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 60. [1797-

affirmations authorifed by this aft, declaring that the deponent in such affidavit, depofition, or affirmation is entitled by virtue of this aft to the benefit of preference granted by this aft, by reafon of his or her eftate in the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon his or her proportion of the land tax, intended to be purchafed by such truftee, is charged; and that he or fhe has advanced, or has agreed to advance, the whole fum required for the pur-chafe of such proportion of land tax to such truftee or truftees out of his or her eftate : provided alfo. That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to authorife any fale or mortgage of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or grant of any rent charge to be made by any perfon or perfons joining in such truft deed or inftrument as aforesaid, for the purpose of raifing the money required for the purchafe of such land tax, or any part thereof: provided alfo, That no deed or inftrument, appointing any such truftee Or truflees, and regiftered as aforesaid, (hall be liable to any ftamp duty whatever.

LXVII. And belt further enafted, That the faid truftee or truftees fhall, and he or they is or are hereby authorifed and empowered, at any time after the purchafe of the land tax to be contrafted for by him or them fhall-have been completed, (upon the application of the refpeftive perfons by whom he or they fhall have been fubftituted), to affign to such perfons refpeftively their refpeftive proportions of the land tax fo purchafed, and such alignment fhall be in the form fpeeified in the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked (I.) ; and memorials of all such affignments fhall be regiftered and certificates thereof granted, and duplicates of such certificates delivered to the receiver general in England, or collector in Scotland, in such manner in all refpefts as is herein direfted-, in cafe of affignments of land tax for valuable confederation ; and after such allignment, the affignee of the land tax thereby affigned, ftiall have, hold, and enjoy, the fame, upon the fame terms, and with the fame benefits and advantages, and liable to the fame conditions as if the fame had been originally redeemed by him or her; and no affignment to be made by any such truftee or truftees as aforesaid, fhall be liable to any ftamp duty whatever.

After March  LXVIII. And be it further enafted. That as foon after the

commiffion- twenty-fifth day of March one thou (and leven hundred and ers may put ninety-nine, as circumftances will permit, the com mi (boners uptofrlefuch appointed for the purposes of this aft, or any two or more of land tax as them, in every of the faid counties, ridings, ftewartries, cities, un^oWiTnhtir b°roughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, where the whole of refpeftive the land tax hereby made faleable fhall not have been contrafted diftrifts. for according to the preference hereby given, fhall put up to fale, either by publick auftion or otherwile, as the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being fhall diredf, the whole, or any part or parcel of the land tax fo remaining unfold within their refpeftive diftrifts, and it fhall be lawful for the commiffioners, fpecially to be appointed for the purposes of this aft, or any two or more of them, to contraft and agree with any ptrfon or perfons,



1^97*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 6cv 759

fons; bodies, corporations, or companies, for the fale of the land tax fo remaining unfold, in such parcels as the faid commifiioners, with the approbation of the commifiioners of his Majesty's treafury, (hall think fit, such fales to be completed by the purchafer or purchafers, by such rules, methods, and directions as are preferred with refpeil to centrals to be entered into by any perfon or perfons'entitled to such preference as aforesaid, as far as such rules, methods, or directions are applicable to such fales refpec- A claufeto tively: provided always, That in every such .contra#, a claufe or be inferted in provifo fhall be infer ted for the redemption of such land tax by feieHfor^the the perfon or perfons in pofiefiion of or beneficially entitled to the re(3emption manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments whereon of the land such land tax fhall be charged, or by any perfon or perfons, bodies, tax, by per-corporations, or companies, in remainder, reverfion, or expec- ^^te^efted tancy, or having any future intereft as aforesaid, at such time and Seefeit. 18. in such manner as is herein directed : provided alfo, That in all 93. such cafes all the faid manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and Till such hereditaments, whereon the land tax fo purchafed as laft aforefaid redemption, fhall be charged, fituated in thefamepari(h,confiablewick,or place, fub*ed fhall, until such redemption fhall take place, be fubjedt to a new to a newJ afieiTment of the faid land tax, from year to year, by an equal afieffment of rate, according to the annual value of such manors, mefTuages, the land tax, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in common with each other, without any power in the purchafer or purchafers thereof to ex- without any onerate the faid manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or heredi- power in the taments, from the fame, or to fix the rate of land tax to be charged purchafer to thereon, or, if the premifes be in Scotland, by an affeffment accord- ^e^from ing to the rules, and in the manner eftabliihed by law or cuftom or t0 qx in regard to the-cefs or land tax in that country, as herein-after rate of land mentioned,  tax*

LXIX, Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if If, before at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand March 25, seven bundreel and ninety-nine, any perfon or perfons, body or entitled^ftiall3 bodies politick or corporate, entitled to the benefit of preference give notice to aforesaid, fhall give notice to the commifiioners appointed for commifiioners the purposes of this a61, that he, file, or they does not or do not they do intend to claim the benefit of such preference, it fhall be lawful claiuTtheirre. for the faid commifiioners immediately to treat and contract with fpedtive bene-the perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, next entitled fit of prefer-to such benefit of preference, and fo from time to time as long enfi5’ comas any perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, (hall be en- ^v^elUo titled to such benefit, and fhall not have given notice of his, her, perfons next or their intention not to claim the benefit thereof; and if all the entitled* and perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fo entitled, {hall, before finally to per-the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thousand feven.hundred ^^to such and ninety-nine, give notice to the faid commifiioners that they preference, refpedlively do not intend to claim such benefit, it fhall be lawful for the faid commifiioners to treat and contrail with any perfon or perfons not entitled to such preference, in the fame manner as the faid commifiioners might otherwife do after the faid

twenty-

^60 Anno fegni tricefimo o£Uvo GeorGii III. g. [1797*

twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

The confider- LXX, And be it further enadfed, That the confederation to c'hafes°b'PUr~  *n  anY  laft-mentioned  contradl, fhall be the

fon^no/en-1 transfer of fo much flock at the lead in either of the three titled topre- pounds per centum annuities, transferrable at the bank of Eng-fcrence, to be land as aforesaid, unto the commiffioners appointed for the recent Uftock as** ^U(-^on °f t^*e national debt, as will yield an annuity or dividend will yield a* exceeding the amount of the land tax fo to be purchafed as dividend ex- aforesaid, by One fifth part thereof, such transfer to be made deedingthe -within the period of one year from the time of entering into land'ta^b ^  ^ 1 all-mentioned contract, by four inflalments of not lefs

i-5to be ^ian one ^ourt^ Part °' t^e whole amount of the flock to be fo transferred by transferred as aforesaid, at intervals of three months from each four inftal- other, and on the refpeclive days before mentioned ^ the transfer merits within Qf fach flock for the fir ft inflalment to be made on such of the t^whole’rray ^ ^aYs as happen next after the time of entering into such be transferred laft-mentioned contrail: provided always, That it fhall be law-at once, or by ful for all such perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or com^ ments * at” riot Pan*es’ p.urchaling any luch land tax as aforesaid, to contrail more than an^ ^gtee with the faid comrniffioners fpecially to be appointed three month's for the purposes of this ad, to transfer the whole of the flock interval. agreed to be transferred, as the confideration for such redemption or purehafe at the time hercin-before, prescribed for the transfer of the firft inflalment thereof, or to transfer such flock in any greater proportions, and in any lefs number of inflalments than are herein-before preferibed, fo as that such inflalments fhall not be made at a greater interval than three months from each other.

LXXI. And be it further enaded, That as foon after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine as conveniently may be, the comrniffioners for the affairs of taxes for the time being fhall caufe to be prepared a fchedule or defeription in writing of the amount and proportions of land tax remaining unfold, in all and every the counties, ridings, and places, in that part ot Great Britain called England, and the receiver general for Scotland fhall prepare a like fchedule or deicription for the land tax remaining unfold in Scotland, and tranfmit a duplicate thereof to the faid com miffi oners for the affairs of taxes, which faid duplicate fhall be depofited in fome convenient office for the infpedlion of any perfon or perfons treafury, with during office hours, on payment of, to the clerk having the notice of the cuftody thereof, the fum of one {hilling and no more for each anyplace of16 ^earc^ i and the faid comrniffioners for taxes fhall, with the di-fale of luch redtion of the comrniffioners of the treafury, caufe the faid fche-land tax.  dules, or any parts or proportions thereof, to be from time to

time publifhed in the newfpapers ufualiy circulated in the re-fpedive counties, ridings, ftewartries, and places, where such proportions of land tax (hall be charged, and fhall, in such ad-verlifements, give notice of the times and places to be appointed for fale thereof, or any parcel or proportion thereof, in order that

all

Seff.

After March

1799* returns to be jnade to com-milfioners of the taxes of the land tax remaining unfold ; fUch returns to be publifhed by the faid com-miflioners, under direction of the

 GOO^C

1'797*3 Anno regni tricefirno oftaVo GeOrgii IIL c. 6o*

all perfons defirous of purchafing such land tax may receive the neceffary information.

LXXII. And be it further enabled, That all and every per- ^er^n^^e*r fons and perfon, bodies, corporations, or companies, defirous of purchafing the land tax charged upon any manors, mefluages, producetothe lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforesaid, fhall make out relpetfiveJand and produce to the commiffioners of the land tax acfting in and for the hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, ward, or other divi- dales of the fion in England, (or if in Scotland\ to any two commiffioners of land tax which fupply of the county or ftewartry, or the chief magiftrate of the they propofe city or burgh), within which such manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments are fituate, a fchedule or defer ip- coirmnfiloners tion in writing, containing the amount of the land tax he, (he, are to adjuft, or they is or are defirous of purchafing, and the county, riding, and grant a or ftewartry, and the parilh, conftablewick, or place, in which certificate the faid land tax is charged; and the laid refpedtive commif-fioners or chief magiftrate refpedlively are hereby required to production of fettle and adjuft the amount of the land tax to be purchafed, and which the to afeertain the particular parifli, conftablewick, or place, in commiffioners, which such land tax is charged, and where the cafe fhall require m^^ontradt the fame, the particular manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, for the fale; or hereditaments whereon the fame is charged, and to grant a on the procertificate thereof in the form in the fchedule to this act annexed, dilution of marked (A.), diftinguilhing the amount of each feparate afTeif- trfoMnd^er ment of land tax; and on the production of the laid laft-men- tifieate at the tioned certificate, the commiffioners efpecially appointed for the bank, and purposes of this a£l:, within the county, riding, ftewartry, city, transferring borough, cinque port, town, or place, within which such ma- agreed nors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are fituate, for, or the firft may contra<ft and agree for the fale of such land tax, according inftalment, to the diredtions of this a<51, and fubjedt to the power of redemp- the cafhiers tion herein contained; and upon the production at the bank of ce^t^on the* England of such laft-mentioned contract and certificate, and up- regjftry or en-on the transfer to the commiffioners for the reduction of the na- try of which, tional debt, of fo much ftock in either of the three pounds per w[th the com-centum bank annuities before mentioned, as fhall be ftated in such [^^sOIJheS<ur contradf to be the confiderarion for the purchafe of the land tax chafer lhaf^be therein mentioned, or of such proportion of such ftcck as {hall entitled to re-have been agreed upon and fettled in such contract to be tranf- ceive the land ferred, as the firft inftalment, being not lefs than one fourth part ^rein Tfter^ of the whole amount of the ftock fo to be transferred as the directed fub-confideration of such purchafe, the perfon or perfons, bodies, jedt to recorporations, or companies, transferring such ftock as laft afore- demption by faid, fhall be entitled to have a certificate from the caf     ~

(hier or thSf,c"f°ns' entitled to

cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of Englandprcferellce of such transfer being made, which certificate the laid cafhier or cafhiers is or are hereby required to give, and the fame may either be endorfed on such contract, in the form preferibed in the fchedule marked (C.), to this a£t annexed, or be diftindl therefrom, as the governor and company of the bank of England fhall judge expedient, or in such other form as the faid governor

762 Anno regni trlcefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 6c[1797;

vernor and company fhall devife; and upon the regiftry of such certificate with the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, all and every such perfons or perfon, bodies, corporations, and companies, fhall be entitled to demand, have, and receive, for his, her, or their own ufe, in the manner herein dire&ed, the full amount of the land tax fo purchafed by him, her, or them as aforesaid, free of all charges and deductions whatever, ;at the refpecflive times, and in the refpe<f\ive proportions herein directed : provided always, That the land tax fo purchafed fhall be redeemable by the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies re-fpedtively entitled to the benefit of preference in refpeft of their tenure in the laid manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or claiming the fame by, through, or under the!

Se&. 93. perfons fo entitled, at the period herein-after mentioned for the redemption of the fame.

Contrafh  LXXIII.  And  be it further enacted, That whenever any land

made^b ^om tax be by au£h°n5 by virtue of this a6f, by the com-miffioners  miffioners fpecially to be appointed as aforesaid, a contract ot

with the high- contrails fhall be forthwith entered into with the faid commif-eft bidder at a fioners by or on the behalf of the higheft bidder or bidders at publick auc- such auction, fpecifying the amount of the land tax purchafed, Ucm*  and the confideration agreed to be paid for the fame, and alfo

the county, riding, or flewartry, and the parilh or place where such land tax fhall be charged, according to the directions of this a6V, which laft mentioned contradt or contracts, being produced at the bank of England, (hall be as effectual to entitle the pur-chafer or purchafers to proceed to the completion of such fale, as in cafes of contracts entered into in the manner before directed.

The whole land tax charged on any place fhall continue to be certified by the land tax com million-ers, fo long as any part remains payable to the King, or any pur-chafer; and such lands as fliall not be exonerated fhall continue fubjedt to yearly alTcfT-ments, not exceeding 4s. in the pound; such remaining land tax to be raifed as if the lands chargeable formed an entire parilh, &c.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the land tax charged on any parilh or place fhall (notwithftanding the difeharge of any part thereof) continue to be inferted in the certificates of affeffment to be figned by the commiffioners of land tax, fo long as any part of the proportion of land tax charged and chargeable in such parilh or place fhall remain payable in such parilh or place, either to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, or to any purchafer or purchafers thereof in purfu-ance of this adf; and that all such manors, meffuages, lands* tenements, or hereditaments, that fhall not be exonerated, by virtue of this a£f, from the land tax, (ball continue fubje<5t to a new afieffment, yearly and from year to year, by an equal rate, according to the annual value of such manors, meffuages, lands* tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding in any year the rate of four {hillings in the pound on such annual value; and that such part of the faid land tax, which {hall remain payable a$ aforefaid in any parilh or place, fhall be raifed, levied, colle&ed; and received, in such and the like form and manner, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and diredlions* as if the manors* meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, charged with the land tax fo remaining payable as aforesaid, formed an entire parilh or place, and as are preferibed, directed, and appointed, .by the a<ft

of

1797-1 Annoregni tricefimo QftavoGEORGii III. c. 60.  763

of the prefent feffion of parliament with refpe£f to the quota'of the collectors

each parifh and place : provided always. That upon the delivery to return the r 1  -r  r  1  r  r i m rx c l amount of the

of the certificates and precepts to the federal collectors, for the iancitaxre-

raifing, levying, colle&ing, and recovering, such part of the laid deemed in

land tax as (hall fo remain payable in such parifh or place, the each parifh.

raid colle&ors fhall be directed to return, in their fchedule to the

receiver general for the county, riding, or place, the amount of

the land tax which fhall have been redeemed in such parifh or

place, and from the payment of which such parifh or place fhall

have been exonerated : provided alfo, That if any such lands,

tenements, or hereditaments, are fituated in Scotland, the fame

fhall continue fubjedt to a new afleffment yearly, and from year

to year, according to the rates and in the manner eftablifhed by

law or cuflom in that country.

LXXV. And be it further ena&ed. That every contract: en- Contracts for tered into in purfuance of this a£t for the redemption or fale of redemption of any land tax charged as aforesaid, fhall, within four calendar be^giftered0 months after the making of such contract, and before the time within four appointed for transferring the quantity of (dock to be transferred months, and upon such contradl for the fecond inftalment thereof, be regiftered with the proper officer at the office to be appointed for that pur- ^d^nftalment pofe by the laid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, which at the office of regiflers (hall be made in books to be provided and kept by such commiffioners officer; and the faid officer is hereby required to make out three ^r^du^i duplicates on parchment, fairly written, under his hand and feal, cates to be* of the feveral amounts of the faid land tax fo redeemed and ex- made and re-onerated, or fo redeemed or purchafed as aforesaid, and not ex- turned, one to onerated but remaining chargeable, diflinguifhing the feveral ^eraToFthe parifhes and places where the fame fhall have been affefled, and county, oneto to deliver or caufe to be delivered one of filch duplicates to the commiffioners receiver general for the county, riding, or place where such land of land tax in tax fhall have been charged, and one other of such duplicates ^d^oneriin<to, to the commiffioners of land tax adting for the divifion where  °

the parifh or place in which such land tax {hall have been charged quer. is fituated, and a like duplicate into the office of the King’s remembrancer of the exchequer, whenever the fame fhall be required.

LXXV I. And be it further enacted, That every copy of any Copies of reregister of any contract made in purfuance of this adt, or affign-  ^

merit thereof, regiflered according to the dire&iohs of this adf, contracts, with the proper officer to be appointed for that purpose, which fhall be figned by him, fhall be allowed in all courts and places, and before all perfons, to be good and fufficient evidence of such contract or affignment thereof refpeCtively.

LXXVII. And be it further enacled, That the receiver gene- Receiver ge~ ral of or for any county, riding, or place in England, and the nerah &c. on collector of or for any county, fbeWartry, burgh, town, or place, the contradt° in Scotland, where any such land tax fhall femain chargeable as fhall pay the aforesaid, after the fame fhall have been redeemed or purchafed purchaser or as aforesaid, or his deputy or deputies, fhall, before such land tax fhall become due and payable, that is to fay, On the twen- amount of the

Vol. XLL  E  E E  tieth  land tax pur-

764  Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii TIL c. 60. [1797.

chafed, on  tieth day of September, for the half year ending on the twenty-

and^rch i6°  ^ay of September, and on the fixteenth day of March, for

sn every year!  year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March in every

year, upon demand, and upon production of the contract, whenever the receiver general or his deputy in England, or collector in Scotland, fhall require the fame, pay or caufe to he paid to the purchafer or purchafers thereof, or the executors, admini-ftrators, or affigns, of such purchafer or purchafers refpeCtively, the full amount of the land tax fo purchafed as aforesaid, free of all charges and deductions whatever, without fee or reward, out of any money in the hands of any such receiver or collector arifing from the produce of the land tax, if he fhall have fo much in his hands, and if such receiver or collector fhall not have fufficient money in his hands arifing out of the land tax as aforesaid, then out of any other monies in the hands of such receiver or colleClor arifing from any other rates and duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and receivable and received by him as such receiver or collector as aforefaid: provided, That such monies of any other rates and duties (hall be replaced by such receiver or collector out of the firft monies that fhall be received by him of the land tax arifing thereafter in such county, riding, ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place.

Proprietors LXXVIII. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful may aflign the for the proprietors for the time being of any land tax which fhall chafecfbv Ur* ^ave t>een purchafed in purfuance of this a£t, to fell, difpofe of, them (fche- and transfer the fame, in the manner, and fubjeCf to the rules dule(D.), and and conditions herein-after mentioned, and that the aflign ment a memorial of thereof fhall be in writing, in the form fpecified in the fchedule mLit^hall*be ^ereunt0 annexed, marked (D.); and on every such alignment, and alfo in every cafe where any alignment fhall be made of any land tax in purfuance of any claim or demand by virtue of this a&, the afiignment of such land tax fhall be produced to the proper officer to be appointed for that purpose, who fhall enter a memorial of such affignment in a book or books to be provided and kept for that purpose, and fhall certify the entry of such memorial by an indorfement on such afiignment; and where any perfon or perfons fhall, in right or by virtue of his or their mar-reglfteraffida- riage, become entitled to any land tax which fhall have been re-viu thereof, deemed or purchafed in purfuance of this a£I, an affidavit, con-and execu-  taining a copy of the regifter of such marriage, fhall be made

enter ^ro  an(^ ^worn to or affirmed by fome credible perfon, before a judge

bateL^&c"  one °f h*s Majesty’s courts of record at IVeflminJler, or be-

Duplicates of fore a matter in chancery in England, or one of the judges of inch entries to the court of feffion in Scotland, or a magiftrate or baillie of fome corporate town, or one of his Majesty’s juft ices of the Peace’ an(^  tranfmitted to such officer as aforesaid, who

fhall pay such  fhall make an entry thereof in the book or books which fhall be

aflignees, &c. kept for entering memorials of alignments of such land tax, and such officer fhall, upon the application of the perfon or perfons entitled to such land tax, grant to him, her, or them, a certificate

entered with the proper officer to be appointed, with whom perfons, becoming entitled to land tax by marriage, fhall

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 60.  76^

ficate of such entry; and where any perfon or perfons (hall, as executor or executors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators, of any perfon deceafed, become entitled to any such land tax, the probate of the will or teftamentary inftrument or letters of adminiftration, under which such perfon or perfons fhall be fo entitled, fhall be produced and fhewn to such officer, who fhall enter the fame, and grant a certificate thereof in manner afore-faid ; and such officer is hereby required to make out a duplicate of every such certificate, fairly written under his hand, and to deliver or caufe to be delivered such duplicate to the receiver general in England, or collector in Scotland, for the county, riding, ftewartry, or place, wherein such land tax fhall be charged ; and after the delivery of such duplicate to such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or to fujeh collector, the perfon or perfons to whom any such land tax (hall have been transferred or tranfmitted as aforesaid, fhall, upon the production of such certificate to such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or such collector, be entitled to demand, have, and receive, for his, her, or their own ufe, the full amount of the land tax which fhall be fpecified and mentioned in such certificate, free of all charges and deductions whatever, and in the fame manner, in all refpects, as if he, fhe, or they, had been the original pur-chafer or purchafers of such land tax, and the receipt or receipts of such perfon or perfons fhall be a fufficient difeharge to such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, and collector, for the fame : provided always, That wherever, by reafon of any Where af-affignee not having declared such option as herein-before is fignee does mentioned in the alignment of any land tax, the manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, charged therewith, ian(js to fhall be exonerated therefrom, such officer is hereby required to exonerated* tranfmit the like duplicates as herein-before directed in cafes where any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fhall be exonerated from the land tax charged thereon in purfuance of the original contract.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon who Where pur-fhall have entered into any contract with the faid commiffioners, chafers die fpecially to be appointed for the purposes of this at, for the re- kefore com-demption or purchafe of any land tax, fhall die before the tranf- tracts*" the* fer of all the inftalments of flock contrated to be made by him payments due or her, without having made any provifion, by will or otherwife, (hall be confi-how the future instalments fhall be made good, then and in such  ,dPre~

cafe the future inftalments fhall be paid out of the affets of the dcebt t0 perfon fo dying, as a debt to his Majesty upon record, and the King; on reexecutors or adminiftrators of the perfon fo dying, and the truf- cord; and on tee or truftees, guardian or guardians, curator or curators of any  ■

infant, minor, or other perfon entitled to the eftate and effects tutors of the perfons fo dying, fhall he indemnified againfl such infant may fell and or minor, and all other perfons whomfoever, for making good affign thecon-the inftalments neceffary to complete the faid contrail, and if traft, ofwhicb such executor or adminiftrator, truftee, curator, or guardian, fhalfha^all fhall not have affets for that purpose, then they fhall and may, the benefit.

E E E 2  and

766 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

and they are hereby refpe&ively authorifed and empowered to fell, affign, and difpofe of the faid contra# in the manner and form herein-after dire#ed ; and the perfon or perfons to whom such contra# fhall be aligned, fhall be bound to complete the fame upon the fame terms and conditions, by the fame instalments, and at the fame periods, and in the fame manner, and have and be entitled to the fame benefits and advantages, as the perfon fo dying would have been bound to complete the fame, and would have been entitled to, in cafe he or fhe had been then living.

LXXX. Provided always, That the faid refpeeftive courts of exchequer may, in all such cafes, give the like relief by enlarging the time for making good any future instalment or instalments, as they are hereby authorised to do in cafes of forfeiture through the default of the party.

LXXXI. And be it further ena#ed. That where any perfon, body, corporation, or company, fhall have redeemed any land tax out of the monies arifing from the fale or mortgage of any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or from the grant of any rent charge thereout, under and by virtue of this a#, and fhall have declared his, her, or their option to be confidered on the footing of a purchafer thereof as aforesaid, in every such cafe the land tax So redeemed (hall continue and be attendant upon the eftate and intereft of the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, who fhall for the time be-

Courts of exchequer may enlarge the time for payment of inftalments.

Se<5h 96, 97. Where perfons redeeming the land tax by fale of part of their lands, &c. fhall declare their option to be confidered as pur-chafers, the land tax fo

redeemedfhall *nS  beneficially enthled to the rents and profits of the faid

manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and Shall be payable by the receiver general in jEngland, or collector in Scotland, his deputy or deputies, for the benefit of Such perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies ; and the receipt or receipts of the perfon or perfons who fhall for the time being be in the a#ual perception of the rents and profits of the faid manors, me/Tuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fhall be a fufficient difeharge to such receiver general or colledlor, or his deputy or deputies, for such land tax.

LXXXII. And be it further ;ena#ed, That if the receiver general in England, or colledlor in Scotland, of any county, riding, ftewartry, or place, where any such land tax Shall be purchafed, as a fpecifick charge upon any particular eftate, Shall neglect or refufe to pay to the purchafer or purchasers of such land tax, or the executors, administrators, or afligns, of such purchafer or purchafers refpedtively, the full amount of the land tax fo purchafed as aforesaid, the fame being lawfully demanded of such receiver general or collector, or his deputy, in the manner before diretfted, at or after the time before limited for such payment, it fhall be lawful for such purchafer or purchafers, or the executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, of such purchafer or purchafers, to caufe notice of such default to be given to the occupier or occupiers of the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, on which, the land tax So purchafed cafe the occu- Shall be charged, and fuc.h occupier or occupiers fhall be obliged

to

be attendant on the eftate of such pur-chafers, and payable to them by the receiver general.

If the receiver general. &c. refutes to pay the land tax to any purchafer, the occupier of the lands charged fhall pay it, unlefs pre-vioufiy paid (for want of notice) to the collector, or unlefs the value of the eftate is reduced; in which latter

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c, 60.  767

to pay the fame upon like demand, unlefs such occupier or oc- pier fhall not cupiers (hall have previoufly paid the fame, for want of such no- be to tice to the collector or collectors of the parifti or place wherein  the

fuch land tax fhall arife, or unlefs the yearly value of the etate pound on his whereon such land tax (hall have been charged, (eftimating such rack rent; or value by the rack rents, and the higheft improvements made °fa ba tement*0 f" such manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments), |anfj ux fhall be reduced, fo that the eftate fhall be charged with a higher such fum on?y rate than four (hillings in the pound on such value, in which cafe as fhall then the occupier or occupiers fhall not be liable to the payment of^hereon^to any greater fum than after the rate of four (hillings in the pound be recovered on such value, or unlefs the land tax charged on such manors, offuchoccu-meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall by any abate- pier as rent, ment thereof be reduced to a fum lefs than the fum charged on In cafe of re-the fame manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, dudlion of the at the time of the purchafe, in which cafe such occupier or oc- Eftate °theC cupiers (hall not be liable to the payment of any greater fum than purchafer of the fum charged on such manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, the land tax or hereditaments, at the time when such demand (hall be made; may have his and in cafe of neglet or refufal by such occupier or occupiers to receive1 a* pay the land tax fo payable a5 aforesaid, such occupier or occu- fum adequate piers not having before paid the fame, all the remedies which to the defi-may be pratifed by any leffors or landlords (hall be applied and cjency of the put in execution for the recovery of any land tax purchafed in much** per ° purfuance of this at, as fully and effectually as if all such reme- cent aS dies were feverally and feparately re-enacted in the body of this will produce act: provided always, That in cafe of any diminution of the fum i-jthori-ioth to be paid by such occupier or occupiers to the purchafer or pur- fachVeficien-chafers of any land tax, his* her, or their executors, adminif- cy> according trators, or afligns, by reafon of such reduction in the value of to the original the eftate charged therewith, such purchafer or purchafers, his, contract, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall have the option of continuing to receive a fum neceffary to complete in each year the whole annual amount of the land tax originally purchafed, or of receiving back from the commiflioners for the reduction of the national debt fo much capital (lock in the three pounds per centum bank annuities originally transferred, in pursuance of the contract:, as fhall-yield an intereft exceeding the amount of the fum by which the land tax originally purchafed (hall have been diminifhed by one tenth part, or one fifth part, or other proportion thereof, according to the terms of the original contract; and the faid commiftioners are hereby authorifed and required, on the production of the certificate of the com-miffioners for executing the act of the prefent feflion and this at, of such abatement, or an attefted copy thereof, (which certificate or copy the faid laft-mentioned commiflioners are hereby required to give, after making any allowance of such abatement), to transfer such capital (lock to such perfon or perfons as aforefaid.

tXXXIII. And be it further enated, That if any receiver Receiver ge-general in England, or colletor in Scotland, of or for any county, r^fufmg riding* ftewartry, or place, where any such land tax (hall be to pay ian(j

E E E 3  purchafed  tax to a pnr-

the party grieved.

768 Anno regni trlcefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797*

chafer,‘to for-purchafed as aforesaid, or his deputy, (hall (having fufficient feit 100I. to money in his hands arilen out of the land tax, or out of any other rates or duties receivable*by him as such receiver general or collector) wilfully neglect or refufe to pay to the purchafer or pur-chafers, or the heirs, executors, adminiflrators, or afiigns of such purchafer or purchafers, within the time herein-before limited, the full amount of the land tax fo purchafed as aforesaid, free of all charges and deduftions whatever, and without fee or reward, such receiver general or colleftor fhall forfeit and pay to the party grieved the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as herein-after is directed.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That every receiver general or his deputy in England, and every collector in Scotland, and every collector of any parifh or place in England, paying any such land tax to anv perfon or perfons, appearing by any regifter kept by the proper officer to be appointed for that purpose, under the direction of this act, or by the certificate of such officer, to be the perfon entitled to such land tax, fhall be indemnified in making such payment, notwithftanding any defect of title in the perfon or perfons receiving the fame.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any pur-chafe fhall be made of any land tax as a fpecifick charge on any particular manors, meiluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or where any perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, entitled to preference, fhall have made his, her.

Receiver general paying to the perfoti appearing by the regifter to be entitled, fhall be indemnified.

Where land tax is purchafed, and any abatement takes place, the re-

toTnLJ^ood or t^r °pfi°n? to confidered on the footing of a third perfon the deficiency purchafing the land tax, and any abatement fhall afterwards take

tO the pur-  1 n  fKn  fit» rvi  nVt ''i  nh  \-> £*  f i  mn  r\ f fi i r* Vi  rvi  i  rr'k n To  f ko  ro

chafer, unlefs he has received back an equivalent in flock.

place in the fum charged at the time of such purchafe, the receiver general in England, or collector in Scotland^ of or for the county, riding, flewartry, or place, within which such land tax is charged, is hereby authorifed and required, upon the production of the certificate of the commiffioners for executing the aft of the prefent feffion of parliament and this aft, of such abatement, or an attefted copy thereof, to pay the full amount thereof, free of all charges and deduftions whatever, and without fee or reward, to such perfon or perfons as aforesaid, in like manner, and out of such monies, and at such times of payment as is herein direfted for the payment of the whole of the land tax purchafed, unlefs such perfon or perfons (hall have received back a propor-Seefedl.8a.86. tjon Df capital flock in lieu of such abatement, according to the provifions of this aft.

Where pur* LXXXVI. And be it further enafted, That where any purchafe is made _chafe fhall be made of any land tax as a fpecifick charge on any enth^edTon0t Part‘cu^ar e^ate or eflate$5 by any perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, other than the perfons entitled to preference as aforesaid, then such perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies may, at his, her, or their eleftion, ....'^v inilead of receiving the amount of such abatement from the remit of ceiver general or collector, demand of and from the commiffioners mtr- for the reduction of the national debt, a transfer of fo much 0,:i l,ie capital flock in the three pounds per centum bank annuities, as *  r  (hall

preference, ibe purchafer -v. m his

1797*1 Annoregni triceGmo o&avo Georgii III. c. 6o.  769

(hall yield an intereft exceeding the amount of such abatement by neral, demand one fifth part, or one tenth part, or other proportion thereof, ?^^va^ent according to the terms of the original contradl, and the faid commiflioners are hereby authorifed and required, on the production of the certificate of such abatement herein-before mentioned, or an attefted copy thereof, to transfer such capital ftock to such perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies as aforefaid.

L XXXVII. And be it further enadled, That if the receiver On refufal of general in England of any county, riding, or place, where any ^eraUo^av land tax fhall remain chargeable, after the fame hath been pur- the land tax chafed in purfuance of this adt, fhall negledt or refufe to pay to toaproprie-the refpedhve purchafers of such land tax, or the executors, ad- tor, the col-miniftrators, or afligns of such purchafers refpedfively, the ^u^,t^°giVen n°" amount of the land tax fo purchafed as aforesaid, the fame being pay the lawfully demanded of such receiver general, or his deputy, at or fame, after the time before limited for such payment in manner before (See fedt. 8z.) directed, then and in every such cafe it fhall be lawful for such proprietors refpectively, or their refpeCtive executors, adminif-trators, or affigns, to caufe notice of such default to be given to the colledfor for the time being of the faid land tax, for the parifh or place where such land tax fhall have been charged, and alfo of his, her, or their intention to receive the land tax in future from such collector, and on such notice every such pur-chafer, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, fhall be entitled to receive the amount of such land tax from such collector accordingly.

LXXXVIII. And be it further ena<5ted, That where any If the receiver abatement fhall take place in England in the land tax purchafed as a fpecifick charge on any particular eftate or eftates, or by the^amount of any perfons entitled to preference, who fhall have made their abatement, option to be confidered on the footing of third perfons purchaf- the collector ing the land tax, if the receiver general of the county, riding, pay the or place, fhall negledf or refufe to pay to any of the perfons en- ame* titled to such land tax the full amount of such abatement, the fame being lawfully demanded of such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, at or after the time before limited for such payment, then and in every such laft-mentioned cafe it fhall be lawful for such perfon or perfons to caufe the like notice to be given to the collector for such parifh or place as aforesaid, to entitle him, her, or them, to receive from such colledtor the amount of such abatement.

LXXXIX. And be it further enadled, That every such col- Colledlor ledtor, for any parifh or place in England, on the produdfion of pay proprietor the contradt for the purchafe of such land tax, with the certifi-* product cate of the regiftry thereof, or an attefted copy of such certificate, tion of the is hereby authorifed and required, within ten days after he fhall contradt and have received the fame, and after such notice fhall be given as certificate of aforesaid, and fo from time to time as any land tax fhall be pay- ancHofroia able to such perfon or perfons, to pay or caufe to be paid to such time to time purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their executors* adminif- totime,.unlef*

e e £ 4.  trators,he have

whole receipt, without notice, to the receiver general.

770 Anno regni tricelimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

pud over his trators, or affigns, the full amount of the land tax fo purchafed as aforesaid, or in cafe of any abatement therein, the amount of such abatement, free of all charges and deductions whatever, and without fee or reward, out of any money in the hands of such collector arifing from the produce of the land tax, or out of the firft monies which (hall come into his hands, arifing from the produce of the land tax in such parifh or place, unlefs such collector (hall, for want of such notice as aforesaid, have paid the whole of the land tax charged in such parifh or place to the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, within which such parifh or place is fituate, at the time of any such demand being made ; and the receipt of the purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, fhall from time to time be a good and fufficient difcharge to such collector for the amount of the land tax or abatement thereof fo paid, and (hall be taken by the refpective receivers as cafh, and returned by them as such into the receipt of the exchequer ; and in cafe of neglect or default by such collector to pay such land tax, such collector not having before paid the fame, all the remedies which may be had or praetifed by any receiver general on behalf of his Majelly, or by the commiffioners for executing the act of the prefent feffion of parliament, or this act, fhall be applied and put in execution by the perfon or perfons entitled to such land tax, againft such collector or collectors, his, her, or their eftate or effects, as fully and effectually as if all such remedies were feverally and reflectively re-enacted in the body of this act.

XC. And be it further enacted. That if any such collector of any parifh or place in England where such land tax (hall be pur-chafed, (having fufficiept money in his hands, arifing out of the land tax charged on such parifh or place, receivable and received by him as such collector),, (hall at any time or times, after such notice given as Iaft-mentioned, neglect or refufe to pay to the purchafer or purchafers of any such land tax, or the executors, adminiftrators, or affigns of such purchafer or purchafers, within the time herein-before limited, the full amount of the land tax fo purchafed, or any such abatement thereof as aforesaid, free of all charges and deductions whatever, and without fee or reward, the fame being firft: lawfully demanded as aforesaid, such collector fhall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein-after is directed.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon every contract entered into as aforesaid, upon which the transfer of (lock (hall be made by inftalments, there (hall be paid at the time of making the fecond inftalment upon such contract, and fo of every fub-iequent inftalment upon such contract, into the hands of the cafhier or ca(biers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (whofe receipt fhall be a fufficient difcharge), to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, a fum of money by way of intereft, equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed

Proprietor’s receipts fhall be the collector's difcharge, and taken as cafh of him.

Proprietor fhall be entitled to all the remedies as a receiver general.

Collector re* fufing to pay, after notice, to forfeit 20I. to the party grieved.

On the tranf-fer of the fecond and all other in Raiments of Rock, the purchafer of land tax ill all pay, by way of inte-reR, a pro-

portion of the or purchafed, deducting therefrom a fum bearing the fame pro-, deemed*. ^ portion to such land tax, as the amount of the (lock before then

transferred

1797’] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo GeorgIi III. c. 60.  771

transferred bears to the whole amount of the flock agreed to be transferred on such contract, having regard to the time when the firfl dividend after the transfer of fu£h flock will become payable; of which fums fo to be paid by way ofinterefl, a fepa-rate account {hall be kept at the bank of England, and the fame {hall from time to time be paid feparately into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and fhall be applicable to such ufes and purposes as {hall then have been or {hall be voted by the commons in parliament.

XCII. And be it further enaded, That the land tax, or any Land tax part or parcel thereof, purchafed under and by virtue of this aft,  „ot^

loy any perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, entitled to not entitled to preference as aforesaid, {hall not be fubjed to re- preference, demption until the period when the dividends arifing from the {hall not he purchafes of flock made by the eommiflioners for the redudion [h^d^d^nds of such part of the national debt, which exifted previous to the on tjle ftock commencement of the prefent war, fhall, according to the true purchafed for intent and meaning of the ads now in force, ceafe to accumu- redyeing the late, and be confidered as redeemed and in the difpofition of exifbng^pre^ parliament.  #  vious to the

XCIII. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the war, fhall

period herein laft before-mentioned, and at any time during three cea^e to accu*

years then next enfuing, all and every perfons and perfon, bodies, mu d e*

corporations, and companies, being in the poflfeflion of, or bene-

facially entitled to any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or [^ree yearSf

hereditaments, charged with any land tax, which fhall have been perfons pof-

purchafed under and by virtue of this ad, (hall, in the order in fefied of or

which they refpeciively fhall be entitled to the benefit of redeem- entitled to

, .  \  J  .  r  r  r  1  lands charged

ing their land tax, according to the rate or preference for the wph ]ancj tax

redemption herein-before mentioned, be entitled to treat with the purchafed

eommiflioners fpecially appointed for the redemption of such land under this^

tax, or any part or parcel thereof, in such and the like manner,  1  *n

in all refpeds, as he, fhe, or they might have done within the preference,

period firfl herein-before limited, and the faid eommiflioners are be entitled to

hereby authorifed to contrad and agree with him, her, or them redeem the

refpedively, for the redemption of such land tax, or any part or

parcel thereof, upon the fame terms and conditions, and in like (under

manner in all refpeds, as if such contrads had been made within fed. 12, 13),

the period hrft herein-before limited, provided that he, (lie, or giving notice

they fhall, within twenty-one days after the making of such con- 0/fuch^re^*

trad, give notice in writing to the receiver general in England, demption to

or colledor in Scotland, of the county, riding, Aewartry, or place, receiver gene-

-within which such land tax fhall be charged, of such redemption w’nq

as aforesaid, fpecifying in such notice the amount of the land tax ^e”°tl^to

fo redeemed, the -parilh or place within which, and the manors, tors^aUpay-

mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, upon which the ments to"

fame is charged, and such receiver general or collector is hereby whom fhall

required to caufe notice in writing of such redemption to be ^he^e/fuin1’-

given to the original purchafer or purchafers of such land tax, qUirter. *

his, her, or their executors, adminiflrators, or afligns, or to the

perfon or perfons then entitled to receive the fame from the faid

receiver

772

Coinmiffion-ers for reducing the national debt, fhall thereupon transfer to such proprietor fo much of 3 per cent, flock as was transferred for the original pur-chafe; or, at ’the option of such proprietor, pay the value of such liock according to the price at the time of tranf-ferring the ft! it inftal-rncnt; vvliich price fn.-ill be it'd or feel on the comrade.

Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

receiver general or colle&or of such land tax as aforesaid, as herein-before mentioned, whenever he, flie, or they (hall next demand the faftie; and all payments to such original purchafers on account of the land tax fo redeemed, (hall ceafe and determine from the end of the quarter of the year next enfuing such notice.

XC1V. And be it further enabled, That the commiflioners for the reduction of the national debt, on application made to them by the original purchafer or purchafers of any land tax redeemed as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, and on production to the faid commiflioners of the original con-trad of purchafe of such land tax, or aflignfnent thereof, or certificate of any alignment thereof, or copy, made under the authority of this ad, of any such certificate, and of the notice given to such purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by the receiver general or collector of the county, riding, or place, within which such land tax is charged, of the redemption thereof, or any part thereof, (hall transfer to him, her, or them, fo much capital ftock in the three pounds per centum bank annuities as fhall have been transferred by such original purchafer or purchafers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, as the confideration for the purchafe of such land tax, or such part thereof as (hall be in proportion to the land tax redeemed, or at his, her, or their option, fhall pay to him, her, or them a fum of money equal to what was the value of such capital ftock at the time of the transfer of the firft inftalment on such contrad, which value the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England is or are hereby required to in-dorfe on such contract at the time of such transfer being made, and such contrad fhall thereupon be determined and of noeffed, as to fo much of the land tax which (hall be fo redeemed.

On minding XCV. And be it further enaded, That whenever any land for ralcrn^ tax Purc’na^e^ under and by virtue of this ad fhall be afterwards tion, the lands redeemed in purfuance of this ad, and the whole of the capital fubjedt to the ftock contraded for as the confideration of such redemption, or land tax re- such part thereof as fhall have been contraded for on account of exonerated^  ln^a^ment5 (hall have been transferred to the commif-

fioners for the redudion of the national debt, and all other matters and things herein-before directed as to contracts of redemption made within the period firft herein-before limited, been duly performed, the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments comprifed in such contrad, (hall be wholly freed and exonerated from the land tax charged thereon, and from all further afieflrnents thereof, and such land tax (hall be no longer payable to the receiver general or collector of the county, riding, fiewartry, or place, within which such land tax (hall be charged, nor by such receiver general or colledor to the purchafer or purchafers thereof, after notice of such redemption, unlefs such contract fhall become null and void on failure of making good any inftalment contracted and agreed for thereon as herein-after mentioned.

XCVI. And

iy97-] Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 60.  773

XCVI. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per- Where perfons, after entering into any (itch contract as aforefaid for the ^on* °r redemption or purchafe of any such land tax, fhall afterwards COmpletetheir refufe or negled to complete the fame by the due and regular contra# it transfer of the feveral instalments agreed to be made thereon, frail become then and in every (uch cafe, and immediately after default Shall be made in the transfer of any of the faid inftalments, such jj. ^as ceafed, contra# (hall become null and void, and the whole of the land fhall be reviv-tax fo con traded for (in cafe the fame fhall have ceafed by virtue ed, and be of this ad) fhall be revived, and again become chargeable on the a^n^n^fold * manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereon ancj the con-* the fame was charged prior to such contrad, and luch land tax trador mak-(whether the fame fhall have been redeemed or purchafed) fhall tag default be again aflefted, raifed, levied, and colleded for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, or be again fold by the com-miflioners fpecially appointed for the purposes of this ad, in the menu fame manner as if such contrad had not been entered into, and the perfon or perfons fo making default (hall, for the non-performance of such contrad, be fubjed to a penalty not exceeding the amount of the value of the flock agreed to be transferred for the firfl inftalment.

XCVII. And be it further enaded. That where any contrad Courts of ex-fhall become forfeited, it fhall be lawful for the courts of exche- ^landor quer in England and Scotland refpedively, on the application of Scotland may the perfon or perfons who fhall have incurred such penalty, or relieve againft any other perfon or perfons who may be prejudiced by such de- such forfei-fault, by petition to be preferred in a fummary way,,dating the tures* grounds of such application, to enlarge the time for the making good any fubfequent inftalment or inftalments, and to grant such relief to the party or parties as to the faid courts refpedively fhall feem meet, upon payment of all cofts, and upon such other terms and conditions as to such courts refpedively (hall appear reafonable.

XCVI1I. And be it further enaded, That every contrad entered into and made, under and by virtue of this ad, (hall be aflignable by indorfement made thereon, in the form contained in the fchedule marked (D.), and where the alignment is only a part of the land tax comprifed in such original contrad, then by a like form to be indorfed upon an attefted copy of such original contrad, fpecifying the proportion of the land tax fo to be afligned, and the premifes upon which the fame is charged, which alignment and alignments fhall be regiftered, and duplicates thereof delivered in such and the like manner, in all refpeds, as is herein-before defcribed with refped to the original contrad entered into under and by virtue of this ad.

XCIX. And be it further enaded, That all land tax which fhall be redeemed or purchafed in purfuance of this ad, except where the fame fhall be difcharged by virtue of this ad, or in cafes where other provifions are made by this ad, fhall be deemed perfonal eftate, and tranfmiflible as such, and not of the nature of real eftate.

C. Provided

Contrads may be afiigned and regiftered.

Sed. 78.

Land tax redeemed or purchafed under this 2# to be perfonal eftate, except in certain cafes. (See feet. 3^. 40*)

774 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III c. 60. [1797.

In cafe of contia&s becoming void, Grangers may, on application to the exchequer, make good the lame, and hand in the place of the original pur-chafers.

Sea. 96.

C. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That where any contradl lhall have become null and void, in manner hereinbefore defcribed, it Avail be lawful for any perfon 6r perfons, although not intercfted therein, by leave of, and under and fubjedt to the directions of the faid refpedtive courts of exchequer, on application made in a fummary way, to contradl with the com-miflioners fpecially appointed for the purposes of this adl, for the making; good all such inftalments as fhall remain due at the time of such contradl becoming null and void as aforesaid, and on transferring to the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies interefted therein, the quantity of capital flock that fhall have been transferred under such contradl, or paying the value thereof, in futh manner, and to such perfon or perfons as the faid refpedlive courts of exchequer fhall diredl, and upon making good the inftalments that fhall remain due as aforesaid, and upon such regiftry and delivery of duplicates in manner herein-before diredted in cafes of alignment of contracts, such perfon or perfons fhall thenceforth be confidered as the purchafer or purchafers of the land tax mentioned in such contradl, and fhall be entitled to all such benefits, advantages, and payments, as if he, fhe, or they had originally contracted for the purchafe thereof, fubjedl to such redemption thereof as is herein diredted with refpedt to any purchafer or purchafers at the period herein-after mentioned.

Where no  Cl.  Provided  alfo,  and  be it further enacted, That where any

tion isPmade" contra(^ made under and by virtue of this adt fhall have become within three null and void as aforesaid, and no application to the faid refpedlive months, and courts of exchequer fhall have been made within three calendar the penalty months from the time of such default, in manner hereiivbefore contrails not ^^re(^ec^? by any perfon or perfons not interefted in such contradl, fued for, the nor any profecution for the penalty fhall have been brought, it commiiTioners fhall be lawful for the commiffioners for the redudlion of the

tor reducing national debt, and they are hereby required to referve to the ufe debt^may1**1  Fu^*'c^  Part °f t^ie capital flock transferred under

retain the  such contradl as fhall be equal to the penalty incurred, and on

penalty out  demand thereof made, to transfer the remainder of such capital

. flock to the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, ferreVVncl jnt€re^e<J in such ftock, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-retransfer the tors, or afligns. ^

remainder to CII. And be it further enadied, That the governor and direc-the purchafer. tors Gf the bank of *England fliall, and they are hereby required

Bank to open an account of the fale of the land tax, and receive monies, and make entries accordingly.

S(edt. 30.

If any aflHT-ment of the

to open an account in their books under the title of u An Account of the Sale of the Land Tax5’ as before diredled, and to carry to the credit of such account the monies diredled to be paid into the bank of England-) upon the faid account, and the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England is and are hereby required to accept and receive all such monies from any perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies aforesaid, and to make entries thereof in the books of the bank of Ettgland to be-provided for that purpose.

C1II. And be it further enadied, That if any afleffinent of land

tax*

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgii III. c. 60.  77^

tax, which (hall continue to be charged in purfuance of this adf, land tax fhall fhall at anytime hereafter be found to exceed the rate of four ^ee^sj {hillings in the pound on the annual value of such manors, mef- abatement fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the fame fhall be fhall be made, fubjeft to an abatement in the manner in such cafes directed by and afleiT-the faid adt of the prefent fefTion of parliament; and that after ^ordb^ such abatement made, an affeffment fpecifying such abatement  *

{hall be made thereof accordingly; and the commiflioners making such afTeffment, (hall caufe duplicates thereof to be returned to the faid receivers general, the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, and the offices of the King's remembrancer at JVejbninJier and Edinburgh refpedlively, in the manner therein directed in other cafes of affeffments.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, Where lands meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which now are toother fliall rated together, and chargeable with the payment of one grofs be hereafter fum by way of land tax, (and which land tax fhall be purchafed divided, the and continued payable, and be collected under the regulations land tax con-contained in this a£t), fhall hereafter be feparated or divided, ancl mi^^tfhalfbfe come into the pofTeffion of different perfons prior %o the time apportioned when such manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments by the land fhall be exonerated therefrom by virtue of this a6t, then and in tax commif-every such cafe the commiflioners of land tax afling in or for the eithe^o/the ^ divifion wherein such land tax fhall be charged, if in England, or pofTeffors (hall the commiflioners of fupply afting for the county, ftewartry, or be called on to place, if in Scotland, or any two or more of them, fhall caufe such PaY the wh°le land tax to be apportioned as between such perfons refpe6lively, recover according to the value of their refpedtive eftates, and to affefs and from the other charge the proportions in which their refpecftive eftates {hall bear his portion as and fuftain the fame, or if in Scotland according to the rules and rent due. regulations followed there in the divifion of Cumulo valued rents; and in cafe any one of such perfons fhall, at any time or times after such land tax fhall be apportioned, be compelled to pay the whole of the faid land tax, or more than his or her due proportion thereof, such perfon or perfons fhall and may, and is and are hereby authorised and empowered to demand of and from the perfon or perfons who, under such affeffment, ought to have paid the fame, such fum or fums of money as he, {he, or they (hall have been compelled to pay over and above his, her, or their due proportion of such land tax, and on refufal to pay the fame, to proceed for the recovery thereof in the fame manner, in all re-fpefls, as leftors or landlords can or may, by virtue of any laws or a£ts now in force in England and Scotland refpecflively, proceed for the recovery of rent in arrear.  When the

CV. And be it further enabled, That whenever, in any parifh j^^tax^in C or place, feparately affeffed to the land tax, the whole of the land any parifh is tax charged upon the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or redeemed, hereditaments in such parifh or place, fhall have been redeemed, and the parifh and all the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aU°affe(rmenU in such parifh or place fnall be exonerated, under and by virtue thereof thall

of ceafe.

776

The filtered on 3 percents, transferred tinder this adt

Anno regni tricefimo oclavo GEORGii III. c. 60. [1797.

of this adl, from the payment of any fum or fums of money as land tax, all afl'eflinents in such parifh or place, by virtue of this adt, (hall ceafe and determine.

CVI. And be it further enabled, That when any capital ftock to commit-  three pounds per centum bank annuities (hall, by virtue of

fioners for re-  this adt,  be transferred to the commiflioners for the reduction of

during the  the national debt, the intereft or dividend which would have been

ihall°not be * Paya^e on 11°°^ (hall front thenceforth ceafe to be iftued iftued from  from  receipt of the exchequer, or to be charged on the con-

the exche-  folidated  fund, and the money which would have been applicable

quer; but re- to the payment thereof (hall remain and be a part of the growing the^owln* °^Proc^uce  confolitated  fund,  to  be  applied  in  such  manner  as

produce of the parliament (hall from time to time diredt. consolidated fund, difpofeable by parliament.

But when  CVII.  Provided  always, and be it enadted, That whenever any

ftock is tranf- capital ftock (hall be transferred by the faid commiflioners to any ferred by the perfon or perfons in purfuance of this adt, the dividends (hall again ftonersTo^anv PaYa^e thereon in the fame manner as if the fame had never one, the di- * been transferred to the faid commiflioners. vidends fliall again be payable.

Duties on  CVIII.  And  be  it  further  enadted, That the feveral duties

malt by 27 impofed on malt, by an adt made in the twenty-feventh year of 3* Cu13^ the reign of his prefent Majesty; on fugar, by three adts of the 27 Geo! 3 ^ twenty-feventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-leventh years of the reign c. 13. 34Geo. of his prefent Majesty; and the duties of excife.x>n tobacco and 3. c. 4. and 37 fnufF, by an adt made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of ^d°*lie*duties Pre^ent Majesty, (hall continue in force until the twenty-fifth

day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but fliall from thenceforth ceafe and determine, except as to arrears due, or to grow due, unlefs the fame (hall be fpecially continued by parliament.

CIX. And be it further enadted, That the feveral fums of money arifing from the produce of the duty by this adt made perpetual as aforesaid, which (hall be paid into th,e receipt of the land tax after exchequer in any year after the faid twenty-fifth day of March March 25, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (Tin 11 from time to ^rt of°he 6 ^me carr^ec^ to ar,d ma^e Part °f the consolidated fund, confolidated CX. And be it further enadted, That no contract entered into fund.  with the faid commiflioners fpecially to be appointed by virtue of

No contra&s, this adt, nor any certificate or receipt given under and by virtue receipts, cer- cf this adt, nor any aflignment thereof, (hall be liable to any (lamp duty whatever.

CXI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That whenever any notice, required to be given by this adt, cannot be delivered to the perfon or perfons to whom such notice is Notices under diredted, it (hall be fufficient for the party obliged to give such this adt may notice, to leave the fame at the laft moft ufual place of abode of the perfon or perfons to whom such notice is to be given, if such perfon (hall be in Great Britain; or if such perfon (hall be beyond the feas, then to publifli the fame in the London Gazette.

of excife'on tobacco, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. to determine from March 25, 1799-

Produce of

tificates, or aflignments, under this adt, liable to ftamp duty,

be left at the parties houies; or if they are abroad, pub lifhed in the Gazette.

CXII. And

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii IN. c. 60.  777

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the manors* mefluages, Lands fold lands* tenements, or hereditaments, which (hall be fold by audfion uncJer tJl's according to the provifions of this act, fliall be exempt from any from duty on duty payable on fales by auctions.  auctions.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful to Treafury may and for the’ lords commifTioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any Pay falaries three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time ^ndei^thi^ad: being, to order and diredl any fum or fums of money to be ifliied out 0f annual and paid out of any aids orfupplies granted, or to be granted, by fupplies, not parliament for the fervice of the year in which suchexpences fliall exceeding 3d. 4e incurred, for the payment of falaries to commiflioners, clerks, comP°UnCl and officers, and for difcharging such incidental expences as (hall mifl]0herson neceffarily attend the execution of this adl, in such manner as the land tax fold, faid lords commifTioners, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer, fhall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that behalf: provided always. That no greater fum fhall be paid to the commiflioners fpecially to be appointed for the pur-ppfes of this adl, for any county, riding, ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, than after the rate of three-pence in . the pound on the amount of the land tax fold by them, to be applied and paid to and amongft them in equal proportions : provided alfo, That an account of all such expences fhall be annually Account of laid before parliament: provided alfo, That such expences fhall be^idlLfore not be liable to account otfierwife than before the faid com- parliament, miffioners of the treafury or lord high treafurer.

CXIV. And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be ^iffioners7or lawful for any two of the commiflioners for the reduction of the reducing national debt for the time being, to execute and do all matters the national and things which by this act the commiflioners for the reduction debt, fuffi-of the national debt are required and empowered to do.  c,ent ^or f

CXV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the  °

acceptance of a commiflion from his Majesty in purfuance of this Acceptance adf, for the purpose of felling the land tax, in any county, riding, of com-ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, fhall not miffions under vacate the feat of any perfon returned to ferve in parliament, nor tJlls not {hall the election of any perfon who fhall have accepted such com- parliament3 million, be in any manner impeached thereby of made void ; any law or ftatuteto the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and for- Penalties to feitures to be fued for by the party aggrieved by virtue of this adt, Pities griev-fhall and may be fued for by adtion of debt or on the cafe in any beVue^for ° of his Majesty’s courts of la win England and Scotland refpedti vely, holding pleas to the amount of forty fhillings, in which adtion or Cods to fuit the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be entitled to his, her, or their plaintiffs, full cofts, as in other cafes in the faid courts ; and that one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby impofed, other Other penal-than to the party aggrieved, fhall, if fued for within the (pace of in fix fix calendar months from the time of such penalties pr forfeitures months^ half being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and to the crown, the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or and half to perfons who fliall inform or fue for the fame within the time the “lfQrmer-

aforefaid,

Attorney general, &c. may ft ay proceedings

After fix months,

name of the attorney general, See, and be paid to commit-fioners of taxes, who may reward the informer.

778 Anno regni tricefimo odtevo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

aforefaid, and which (hall and may be, fued for in his Majedy’s court of exchequer at JVeJlminjler, ior offences committed in England, ox in his Majedy’s court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoign, privilege, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; but never-theiefs it fhall be lawful for his Majedy’s attorney general in England, or his Majefly’s advocate in Scotland, in cafe it fhall appear to his fatisfaeftion that any such lad-mentioned penalty or forfeiture was incurred without intention of fraud, to day all further proceedings, by entering a noli profequi, or otherwife, with refpedl as well to the (hare of such penalty or forfeiture claimed by such informer ot informers, as to the fhare thereof belonging to his Majedy.

CXVIL Provided always, and be it further enadled, That in penalties fhall default of profecution within the time herein-before limited, no be recoverable such lad mentioned penalty or forfeiture fhall be afterwards re-only in the coverable except in the name of his Majedy’s attorney general in England, and of his Majedy’s advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland refpedlively, in which cafe the whole of such penalty or forfeiture fhall belong to his Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors ; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and fhares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majedy, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall be paid into the hands of such perfon or perfons as the commif-fioners for the affairs of taxes fhall appoint to receive the fame, to the ufe of his Majedy; and that in all cafes where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fhall be recovered to the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs o$ fucceffors, it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to caufe such reward as they fhall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture fo recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongd any perfon or perfons who fhall appear to them intitled thereto as informers, in refpect of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary nothwithdanding.

CXVIII. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully a£l or'affid in certificate, or the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any contradl or contrails receipt, guilty for the fa]e cf any ]an(j tax, or any alignment or alignments of such contract or contrads, or of any portion of land tax therein comprized, or any certificate or certificates of the commiffioners of land tax or of fupply, or any chief magidrate authorifed by this a<5t to make out such certificate or certificates, or of the furveyor general of the land revenue of the crown, or of the duchy of Ccrnivall, or any certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, of the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank ofo England, or any certificate or certificates, or' atteded copy of a certificate or certificates, directed by this a61 to be made out by the proper officer to the commiffioners for the

affairs

Perfons forging, See. any contrail, alignment,

of felony without benefit of clergy.

*797*] Anno regni tricefimo odlavo GeoRgii III. c. 60.  779

affairs of taxes, or (hall wilfully deliver or produce to any perfon or perfons acting under the authority of this adt, or fhall utter any suchforged, counterfeited, or altered contract or contradls, alfign-mentor alignments, certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited,or altered, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, or any body or bodies politickor corporate, or any perfon or perfons whomfoever, then and in every such cafe all and every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being lawfully convidted thereof, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and {hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CXIX. And be it further enadted, That if any adtion or fuit fhall be brought againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done s* in purfuance of this adt, such adtion or fuit fhall be commenced within fix months next after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in every such adtion or fuit may plead the general General ifTue. iftue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants in any such adfion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his or their adtion or fuit after the defendant or defendants fhall have, appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and Treble colts, have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to recover cofts by law.

CXX. And be it further enadted, That the feveral perfons Land tax who are or (hall be named or appointed commifiioners of land tax, in or by any adt or adts now in force, or hereafter to be juftices of S paffed to carry into execution the adt of the prefent feffion of peace, may parliament before mentioned, or this adt, in any county, riding, hear appeals or place, such perfons being alfo juftices of the peace of and for ^der this the fame county, riding, or place, and not being perfons fpecially appointed commiffioners for the purposes of this adt as aforesaid, fhall be commiffione/rs for the purpose of hearing appeals to be made by virtue of this act, for the divifion of the county or riding, or the diftridt within which they ufually adt as com-mifiioners of land tax and juftices of the peace as aforefaid. Perfons

CXXI. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or per- aggrieved in fonsihall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any faleof land determination of the commiffioners fpecially to be appointed for confideration the purposes of this adt, with relation to any right or benefit of foi- which preference in, or any right of redemption of any land tax to be fhall not fold by virtue of this adt, or with relation to the fale or mortgage exceed 500I. of any meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the grant of any rent charge thereout, for any of the purposes of this com million er 8 adt with relation to the redemption or purchafe of any land tax, at the next (for the redemption or purchafe of which not more than five Petty feflions, hundred pounds capital ftock, in the three pounds^** centum bank ^Jder'fliall annuities, would he transferred in the whole if such land tax was ^naJ an(j

Vol. XLI.  F  f  f  redeemed  conclulive.

AnnorcgnitricefimooftavoGEORGii III. c. 60. [1797.

redeemed or purchafed), it (hall be lawful for such perfon or perfons, in every such cafe, to appeal to the commiffioners appointed by this aft, for the purpose of hearing appeals at the next petty leffions held by them, within and for the divilion or diftrift within which such land tax, or any proportion thereof, fhall be charged, and the faid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required to hear and determine all such appeals, at any petty feffions to be by them appointed, from time to time as there fhall be occaffon, and on due confideration of all the circumftances attending the cafe upon which such appeal fhall arife, and on examination upon oath or affirmation of the parties intereffed in such appeal, and all other perfons who fhall be willing to be examined touching any matters or things relating to the matter in difpute as aforesaid, which oath or affirmation they, or any two or more of such commiflioners, are hereby authorifed to adminiffer, and on the production upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, of any deeds, conveyances or in-ftruments, or upon the production of any affidavits, or depofitions in writing, upon oath or affirmation, to be made in manner herein directed as to such affidavits, depofitions, or affirmations, as may be produced to the commiffioners fpecially appointed for the purposes of this aft, it fhall be lawful for such commiffioners of appeal, and they are hereby required to determine such appeal, and give such order therein, as in their difcretion fhall feem expedient, which order fhall be final and conclufive upon all parties; and if such commiffioners of appeal fhall have any doubts, touching any matters or things relating to the determination of such appeal, it fhall and may be lawful for such laft mentioned commiffioners to require the advice and affiftance, or the opinion of any counfel learned in the law, being a barrifter of five years (landing at the leaff, as to them fhall feem moft expedient, and such commiffioners fhall and may award the cofts actually incurred in such appeal, and no more, together with such expence as fhall have arifen from the obtaining the advice, affiftance, or opinion of counfel, as the cafe may be, if any such expence fhall have been incurred, to be paid either by the party againft whom such appeal fhall have been determined, or by both the parties to such appeal, in such proportions as to such commiffioners fhall feem juft and reafonable ; and in cafe of refufal or non-payment of any fums fo ordered to be paid, by the fpace of twenty-one days next after such determination, such commiffioners of appeal, or any two of them, fhall and may iffue forth their warrant, to levy the fame by diffrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons ordered to pay such fum as aforesaid, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after the payment of the charge of such diftrefs and fale: provided always, That where capital ftock, which would be requifite to be transferred for the redemption or*purchafe of any land tax refpeftively, about which any petition to the such difpute as aforefaid may arife, would in the whole exceed five chancery" hundred pounds in such publick annuities, the perfon or perfons

exchequer, or feffion.

Commiffioners of appeal may have the advice of counfel, and award colls, &C.

Where the confideration exceeds 500I. Itock, appeal may be by

fo thinking himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved as aforesaid,

(hall

1797*3 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 60.. ySi ftlall and may apply to the court of chancery or exchequer in England, ox the courts of feflion or exchequer in Scoland, by petition, to be preferred in a fummary way, which courts refpeftively may thereupon grant such relief, and make such order therein, as to the faid courts refpeftively fhall feem meet.

CXXil. Provided always, and be itenafted* That this aft may Ad may be be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads of this prefent J^pealedthis feflion of parliament.  feflion.

SCHEDULE to which this aft refers.

(A.)

FORM of the Certificate of the amount of the land tax, and the lands upon which it is aflefled.

A. B.  and  G.  D.  two  of  the  commiflioners

of land tax, for the county of  do  hereby  certify,  that

the lands [briefly defcribing the lands and hereditaments chargeable] are charged with land tax to Jhe amount of  [and

if more parcels of .land tax than one, repeat the defcription ] ; and that the mefluages and lands [briefly defcribing the fame] are charged in like manner to the amount of  making  in  the

whole the amount of

(B.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Contraft,

KNOW all men, That we A. B.  and C. D.

two of the commiflioners appointed for the purposes of an aft [here infert the title of the aft], for the [county, riding, &c.] do hereby certify, that we have contrafted and agreed with A. B. for the [“ redemption by,” or c fale to” him, as the cafe may require] of  land  tax, being the land tax [or, parcel of the

land tax, as the cafe may require] charged upon the [defcribe the Aands as in the certificate of the commiffloners of the land tax ; and if any land tax redeemed or purchafed on other lands, to be fpecified in the fame manner] or being parcel of the land tax charged upon the parifh of  [infert  the parijh and county, and if more par foes,

to be infert ed in the fame manner]. The confideration of the fale is declared to be  capital flock in the  per  centum  bank

annuities, to be transferred to the commiflioners for the reduftion of the national debt, at the bank of England, in the following proportions, and at the following times; viz.

Stock  on  or before the

Stock  on  or before the

Stock  on  or before fhe

£*.

F F F 2  ,  With

78z

See fed. 96.

Anno regni tricelimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 60. [1797.

with intereft, to be paid at the time of the fecond and each fub-fequent inftalment to the cafliier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed or purchafed,* deducing therefrom a fum bearing the fame proportion to such land tax as the amount of the flock transferred before the time of each payment bears to the whole amount of flock agreed to be transferred on such contra#: [iand, if the contract is made with a pur chafer, fubjedt neverthelefs to the redemption of the land tax hereby fold, on such conditions, and at such time, and in the manner directed in the act herein above mentioned].

(C.)

FORM of the Certificate or Receipt to be indorfed on the contra#.

Bank of England  Days when flock was transferred  Amount of the flock transferred.  Name of the receiver or acceptor.

ift Inftalment -      

rzd Inftalment -      

3d Inftalment -      

4th Inftalment -      

&c. £cc. &c.      

(D.)

FORM of Alignment,

I  A. B. of  in  confideration  of

paid to me by C. D. of  do hereby bargain, fell, aflign,

and transfer to the faid C. D. his executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, the yearly fum of  being  the  whole  [or, part] of

the land tax charged upon certain manors, mefluages, &c. [here deferibe the nature of the ejlate] in the parifli of  in  the

county of  [or,  being  part  of  the  land  tax  charged  upon

the parifli of  ]  to  hold  to  the  faid  C.  D. his executors,

adminiftrators, and afiigns, with the fame benefits and advantages, and fubje# to the fame right and power of redemption, reftridion, and conditions, as I held the fame immediately before the execution hereof.

Witnefs our hands and feals8 the  day  Qf

in the year of our Lord

FORM

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c/ 6o,

(E.)

FORM of Contract for fale of crown lands belonging to the duchy of Lane after.

GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, and fo forth, to all to whom thefe prefents (hall come, greeting: know ye, that we, in confideration of the fum of  paid  into the

hands of our receiver general of the revenues of our duchy of Lancafter, as appears by the receipt of the receiver general indorsed on thefe prefents, by and with the advice and confent of our chancellor and council of our faid duchy, do by thefe prefents grant, bargain, and fell unto A. B. his heirs and affigns, all [deferibe the manors, &c. fold] to have and to hold the faid [manors, &c.] hereby bargained and fold, and all benefits and advantages thereto belonging, unto and to the ufe of the faid A. B. his heirs and affigns for ever. [In cafe there be any fubfiftitig leafe of the manors, &c. words to the following effect are to be added ; fubjedt neverthelefs to the term and intereft in the faid manors, &c. by virtue of a leafe granted under the feal of bearing date on or about unto  for  a  term  of

which will expire on or about  ]

In witnefs whereof

(F,)

FORM of Certificate of contracts made by the Surveyor general of the land revenue.

By the Surveyor general of his Majesty’s land revenue.

THESE are to certify, That in pui fuance of a warrant from the right honourable the lords commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, bearing date the  day of  the  faid  Surveyor

general hath contracted and agreed with A. B. of  for

the fale to the faid A. B. of all [here deferibing the premifes to be fold] at or for the price or fum of  of  lawful  money

of Great Britain, to be paid by the faid A. B. into the bank of England, and carried to the account of the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, [and in cafe of any fubffting leafe, then the following words to be added, Subject neverthelefs to, here deferibing when and to whom such leafe was granted^for what term of years or lives, and when the term will expire, or which of the lives are. in being], and from and immediately after the payment of the faid fum in manner aforesaid, and the enrolment of this certificate, and the receipt for the faid purchafe money, in the office of the auditor of the land revenue for the county aforefaid [ory of the clerk of the pipe, as the cafe may be]-, and thenceforth for ever, the faid A. B. and his [her, or their] heirs, fucceffors, or affigns, fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual feifin

f f f 3  and

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c, 60. r[T797-

and pofleflion of the laid premifes fo by him [her, or them] pur-chafed, and ftiall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample manner, to all intents and pur poles, as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame, by force and virtue of an aft of parliament, parted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft, [inserting the title of this aft.] Given under the hand of the faid furveyor general the day of

Witnefs to the figning by the faid furveyor general,

[ The zvitnefs to be one of the clerks,

or other officers in his office.] *  ^

(GO

FORM of Certificate of Contrafts to be made by the furveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall.

By the furveyor general of the'duchy of Cornwall.

THESE are to certify, That, by virtue of a warrant from the council of his royal highnefs the prince Wales and duke of Corn-wall, the faid furveyor general hath coutrafted and agreed with A. B. for the fale to the faid A, B. of all {here deferibe thepremifes, or the rent to be fold'] at or for the price or fum of  of

lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the faid A. B. into the bank of EngMnd, and carried to the account of the duchy of Cornwall, {and in cafe of any fubfijling leafe, or any grant by copy of court roll, then the following words to be added, fubjeft neverthe-thelefs to, here deferibing when and to whom such leafe or copy was granted, for what term or lives, and when the term will expire, or which of the lives are in being,] and from and immediately after the payment of the faid fum in manner aforesaid, and the enrolment of this certificate, and the receipt for the faid purchafe money, in the office of the auditor of the duchy of Cornwall, and thenceforth for ever, the faid A. B. and his [her or their] heirs, fucceflbrs, or afligns, (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the aftual feifin and pofleflion of the faid premifes [or rent, as the cafe may be] fo by him [her, or them] purchafed, [and where the purchafe Jhall be other thari for a rent, then the following words to be added,] “and (hall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample manner to all intents and pur-pofes, as his royal highnefs the prince of Wales, his heirs or fucceflbrs, dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame,” by force and virtue of an aft of parliament pafled in the thirtv-eighth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, An aft, \i?ferting the title of this aft.]

Given under the hand of the faid furveyor general of the duchy of Cornwall, the  day  of

Witnefs to the figning by the faid furveyor general,

[The witnefs to be one of the clerks, ' or other officers in his office.]

M  FORM



1797-] Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 6x#

(H.)

FORM of the Cafhier’s Receipt.

RECEIVED the  day  of  of and from the

above [or, within] named A. B. the fum of  of lawful

money of Great Britain, being the confederation money expreffed in the above [or, within] written certificate.

Witnefs my hand,

For the governor and company of the bank of England,

;8

(I.)

FORM of Aflignment of Land Tax by a Truftee.

I A. B. of  a  truftee appointed by C. D. of

together with feveral other perfons, to purchafe their refpedive land tax, do hereby bargain, fell, aflign, and transfer to the laid C. D. his or her executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, the yearly fum of  being the land tax charged

upon the [here defcribe the nature of the property'] of him or her the faid C. D. fituate in [here injert the place] and which is the proportion purchafed by me as a truftee for the faid C. D. to hold to the faid C.D. his or her executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns.

Witnefs my hand and feal, the  day of

in the year of our Lord

CAP. LXI.

An aft to continue, until the end of the next feffion of parliament, and amend an aft, pajfed in the thirty -fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, chapter one hundred and fix, videlicet, on the eighteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for regulating the allowance of the drawbacks and payment of the bou?ily on the exportation of fugar.—[June 21, x798.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the thirty-fixth year of /^Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An ad to amend an 36 Geo. 3. ad, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, c An ad to c; Io6> reamend an ad, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of hisc*tec** prefent Majesty/ intituled, “ An ad for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for permitting the importation of fugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands in foreign Chips; and for reducing the bounty on refined fugars exported in any other than Britifh (hips f which was to continue in force until the thirty firjl day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety fix, and

f f f 4  from

786 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 62. [1797*

from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the [aid aff Jhould be continued and amended \ be it enacted by the King’s mo ft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and If the average by the authority of the fame, That if, on the twenty-third day fiwarfhannot1 June* twenty-third day of Auguft^ twenty-third day of Oc-at^the periods tober^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the herein men- twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and tioned, exceed ninety-nine, the average prices of brown or Mufcovado fugar, cwt thePer ta^en *n manner dire£ied by the faid add, made in the thirty-drawback and fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for the fix weeks bounty to be preceding, (hall not exceed fixtv-seven (hillings and fixpence for paid.  an hundred weight, exclufive of the duty of cuftoms paid or pay-

able thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain, then and in such cafe the drawback and bounty on the exportation of fugar fliall be paid and allowed ; any thing in the faid recited a<5t to the contrary notwithftanding.

Continuance JJ% And be it further enaefted, That the provifions of this a&

*  (hall have continuance until the end of the next feftlon of par-

liament.

CAP. LXII.

An aEl to empower magijlrates and jufices of the peace, in fetting the ajfize of bread, to make an allowance on account of the additional duty on faltt—[June 21, 1798.]

Preamble.  'TX THERE AS by an made in this prefent fejfion of parlia-

38  Geo. 3.  y V merit, intituled, An a£l for granting to his Majesty addi-

^ 4^‘  tional duties on fait, the price of that article is materially increafedy

by reafon whereof the bakers will be confiderably injured, if jome allowance be not made to them on account of such additional duties: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-affize^of bread tkority  fame>  That, from time to time, when and fo often

5d1Zper quar- as anY magiftrates or juftices of the peace within the limits of ter to be add- their refpedtive jurifdidfions (hall, by virtue of any law or ftatute, ed to the  laws or ftatutes, made for that purpose, fet the aflize of bread,

average price  tbey (ba]]^ immediately before fetting such aflize, add to what

account of  aPPear  to be the average price per quarter of wheat fit for

the additional the making of wheaten bread, the futn of five-pence, on account duty on fait, of the additional duty on fait, fo as to increafe such average price five-pence per quarter, and (hall then, in fetting the aflize of bread, make ufe of such increafed average price in all refpe&s as if the fame were the real average price of wheat, fo long as such additional duty on fait fhall continue \ but no longer.

C A P.

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 63.  787

C A P. LXIII.

An ad for the further encouragement of the trade and manufactures of The Ifle of Man; for improving the revenue thereof \ and for the more effectual prevention of fmuggling to and from the faid if and.—[June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS a report has been made, in confequence of a com- Preamble.

miffton from his Majefy, for the purpose of obtaining information upon various points refpeCting The Ifle of Man, which report has, by his Majefy*s command, been laid before the houfe of commons: and whereas it is expedient, that, until parliament can take the faid report under their co nftderat ion, fame temporary encouragement and relief foould be granted to the trade and manufactures of The Ifle of Man, as well as fome further regulations made for the more effectual prevention of fmuggling to and from the faid if and: and whereas, by an aCt, paffed in the twentieth year of the reign of his prcfent Majefy, intituled, An a£t for granting to his 20 Oco. 3. Majesty feveral additional duties upon certain goods imported c* 42,# into the Ife of Man, and for better regulating the trade and fe-curing the revenues of the faid ifland, the commiffioners of his Majefy*s cufoms in England, or any three of them, are authorifed to grant licence (among other things) for the exportation from any port in England into the port of Douglas, in The Ifle of Man, of any quantity of Britifh fpirits, not exceeding forty thousand gallons in one year : and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid recited aCt fo for as relates to the allowing Britifh fpirits to be exported from England to the faid Ifle of Man ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven From July 5, hundred and ninety-eight, no Britifh fpirits (hall be allowed to po Bribe (hipped for, or exported from, any port or place in England, ^'e sported0 to the faid Ife of Man, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, from England and of the (hip, veflel, or boat, in or on board of which the fame to the Ifle of (hall be fo (hipped or exported ; any thing in the faid recited adt °" Pe* to the contrary notwkhft^ding.  ;  fdtrn-e.&c.'

II.  And, in order that the inhabitants of the )aid if and may be legally fupplied with a fuffcient quantity of fpirits, be it further enabled. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand The commif-seven hundred and ninety-eight, it fhall and may be lawful to flQIJers °fthe and for the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England,  may

or any three of them, to grant their licence, to be in force for grant licences three months from the date thereof, for the importation from for three any port or place whatever into the port of Douglas, in The Ife  for

of Man, but to no other, in Britijh-built (hips, owned, navi- tioVinto the gated, and regiftered, according to law, and not of lefs burthen p0rt of Dou^-than fifty tons, of any quantity of foreign brandy, not exceed- glas, of 10,000 ing ten thousand gallons in any one year, and alfo of any quan-tity of foreign geneva, not exceeding ten thousand gallons in dy^and alike

any quantity of



788 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 63. [1797.

any one year; and that on the importation, under the licences as aforesaid, of any luch brandy or geneva into the faid port of Douglas, in The IJle of Man, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, the following duties; videlicety For every gallon of foreign brandy, the fum of three (hillings ; and for every gallon of foreign geneva, the fum of three (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That no foreign brandy or geneva (hall be imported into The IJle of Many by licence as aforesaid, except in calks which (hall contain one hundred gallons each at the leaflyon forfeiture of all such foreign brandy or geneva, and of the fhip or vefiel in which the fame (hall be imported : provided alfo, That no foreign brandy or geneva (hall be imported into the IJle of Man as aforesaid, of a greater or higher degree of ftrength-than that of one to nine over hydrometer proof, on forfeiture of all such foreign brandy or geneva,

IV.  And be it further enadled, That no foreign brandy or geneva (hall, upon any pretence whatever, be removed or carried coaftwife in the faid IJle of Man, or (hall be (hipped or laden on board any fhip or vefiel, in order to be fo removed or carried coaftwife, unlefs in the package in which the fame was originally imported into the faid illand, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with the fhip or vefiel on board of which the

in the original fame ihall be (hipped or laden, and all her tackle, apparel, and

fufkkur^°&c furniture*

01  V.  And  whereas  the  quantity  of  forty  thousand  pounds weight of

tobacco, allowed to be annually exported to The I(le of Man, under the authority of an adt of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An adf for repealing the duties on to-From Odt. to, bacco and fnuff, and granting new duties in lieu thereof, is yearly, com- found to be infufjicient for the confumption of the inhabitants of the mi (Loners of f^y Jand'y be it therefore further enabled. That, from and after ,n the tenth day of October in each year, it (hall and mayhe lawful for the com mi (lion ers of his Majesty’s cultoms in England, or any three of them, to grant their licence for the exportation from any port in England, where tobacco is allowed by law to be imported and warehouled, into the port of Douglasy in The IJle of Man, but to no other, in Britijb-built (hips, owned, navigated, and regiftered, according to law, and not of lefs burthen than fifty tons, of any quantity of tobacco not exceeding fixty thousand pounds weight in any one year, inftead and in lieu of the quantity allowed to be exported by virtue of the faid recited a<51; and that on the importation of any tobacco into the port of Douglas, in The Ifle of Many there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, inftead and in lieu of the duty now due and payable on such tobacco fo imported, a duty of fixpence per pound weight; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

VI.  And whereas it is expedient to irnpofe an additional duty on ivine imported into The Ille of Man, as well as to limit the quantity

geneva, in one year, in Briiilh-built veil els, of not lefs than 50 tons:

3s. per gallon to be paid on importation ;

but no such brandy or geneva to be imported, except in calks of not lefs than 100 gallons, and of a certain ftrength, on penalty of forfeiture.

No foreign brandy or geneva to be removed in the Ifle of Man, or carried co all-wife, unlefs

cuiloms in .England may grant licences for the importation of 6o,ooolb. of tobacco into Douglas, in Britiih-built vcdels of not lefs than 50 tons, in head of the quantity allowed by 29 Geo. 3. c. 58.

6d. per lb. to

be paid inftead of the duty now payable.

1797O Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii IIT. c. 63.  789

of wine to be imported into the faid ifland to an annual allowance From July 5*

adequate to the confumption of the inhabitants thereof; be it there-

fore enadfed, That, from and after the fifth day of July one the cuftoms in

thousand seven hundred and niney-eight, it fhall and may be England may

lawful to and for the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in grant licences

England, or any three of them, to grant their licence (luch [wo°months

licence to continue in force for two months) for the importation fortheimpor-

from any port or place whatever into the port of Douglas, in tation into

The Ijle of Man, but to no other, in Britijh-built fhips, owned, Douglas,of 70

navigated, and regiftered, according to law, and which (hall ?ons oi wme

o *  o  1  o  j  _  in one year,

exceed the burthen of fifty tons, of any quantity of wine, not in j$rjtifh-

exceeding feventy tons in any one year.  built vdfels,

VII.  And be it further enaefted, That, from and after the exceed-

fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, over and above the duties now due and payable on the importation of wine into The Ifle of Man, there (ball be raifed, levied, ^ ^[y^ow cohered, and paid, a further duty of eight pounds for every ton payable on of wine, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, imported wine, a further into The Ifle of Man, by licence, ns aforefaid ; and fo in pro- duty of 81. portion for any greater or lefs quantity.  j^r *9“

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That, from ^Tq t and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and Eefoimported ninety-eight, no wine {hail be imported into The Jfe of Man, except by li-except by licence from the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuf- cence, nor in toms in England as aforesaid, nor in any cafk or package lefs ^h^'fhead110 than a hoglhead, on forfeiture of all such wine, and of the fhip n0r jhalHt be or veflel in which the fame (hall be imported: provided alfo, carried coalt-That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven ydfe, except hundred and ninety-eight, no wine {hall be carried coaftwife in or*£,nal The Ifle of Man, except in the original cafk or package in which forfeiture ^ such wine {hall have been imported into the faid ifland, on for-with the veflel feiture thereof, together with the (hip or veflel in which the fame employed; {hall have been fo (hipped or carried ; and that no wine {hall be nor removed removed by land from one part of the faid ifland to another, ex- ky land, except in the original calk or package in which the fame fhall have ormna^cafks been imported into the ifland, or in bottles, on forfeiture of all Qr ?n botties, ’ such wine, together with the horfes, carts, and carriages, em- on forfeiture, ployed in the removing of the fame: provided alfo. That the &c*

wine fo imported may be carried coaftwife in the faid ifland, in veiTels of the burthen of fifty tons, and upwards.

IX.  And whereas it is expedient to allow a certain number of live foeep to be exported from England to The Ifle of Man; be it therefore enadted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one From July 5, thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it {hall and may be I79^» lawful to and for the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in of the cuftoms England, or any three of them, to grant their licence, to remain in England

in force for one month from the date thereof, for the exportation rnay grant

from any one port in Great Britain into the port of Doudas or hceftces to y  ■  a  o  continue a

Ramfey, in The Ifle of Man, but to no other, any number of live month for

fheep, not exceeding one hundred in the whole in any one year, exportation

and such (heep {hall and may be exported accordingly under the from Great

like Britain into

under certain conditions.

790 Anno regni tricelimo o&avo Georgii III. c.63. [1797.

Douglas or like rules, regulations, fecurities, reftri&ions, and forfeitures, fo ^ar as ^ame are applicable, as the exportation of wool is

in one year, allowed to the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, or Sark, by virtue of an a<5f, pafTed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, among other things, for preventing the exportation of live fheep and wool.

X.  And whereas it is expedient that the inhabitants 9/* The Ille of Man Jhonld enjoy every benefit and advantage in refpeft of the feveral articles allowed by law to be imported by licence, which ?nay be confident with the fecurity of the revenue of Great Britain, and alfo that a regular and confant fapply of thefaid articles, for the neceffary ufe and confumption of the inhabitants of the faid ifland, Jhould, as One month’s Jar as poffble, be provided for ; be it therefore enabled, That one vious^o^com- montb previous to the periods at which the licences in each year mencement of f°r the refpebtive articles licenfed by this or former acts are to licences, tobe commence, the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms at the given at the port Gf Douglas, in The Ifle of Man, fhall, and they are hereby i^a^ine^of reclu^re<^ to affix* or cauie to be affixed, at the feveral cuftom Aian, and the houfes in the iiland, publick notice in writing, that for fourteen days from and after the date of such notice fo affixed, they (the collector and comptroller of Douglas) are ready to receive applications in writing from the inhabitants of the faid iiland, for the importation into the faid iiland of the feveral articles allowed by law to be imported, by virtue of licence from the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeblivelv ; and the faid collector and comptroller fhall forthwith, without preference, and in'the order in which they fhall receive such applications, within the time fo limited as aforesaid, enter the fame in a book to be kept for that purpose, fpecifying the date of each application, the name, refidence, and occupation of the perfon applying, and the defeription and quantity of the articles touching which such applications are made; and the book containing such entries fhall be open at the cuftom houfe for pub-lick infpe&ion during the hours of bufinefs, and at the expiration of such limited time the faid book fhall be clofed ; and the colleblor and comptroller fhall make out, with all convenient fpeed, not exceeding seven days, and tranfmit by the earlieft c onveyance, a true copy of the entries in the faid book, certified by each of their fignatures, to the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England, as far as regards articles fo allowed to be imported by licence from England, and to the commiffioners of the cuftoms in Scotland, as far as regards articles fo allowed to be imported by licence from'Scotland \ and the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeblivelv, or any three of them, are hereby empowered and directed, upon application from the parties whose names fhalbbe fo transmitted and certified by the collector and comptroller of the faid port of Douglas, or the agents of such parties properly authorised, to iftue to them their licence for the importation into the faid iiland of the articles fo applied for, according to the rules, regulations, and reftrictions, by law eftablifhed, for the granting licences for

the

collector and comptroller of Douglas fha'l make entry of rill a op un.tions, and t ran I'm it an account to the com mi f-lioners of the cuftoms, that licences may be iffued :

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgix III. c. 63.  791

the importing goods into the TJIe of Man: provided always,

That if the total quantity of the articles contained in the appli- If the quan-cationS fo made, in the faid Jfle of Many (hall exceed the total quantity of each or any of the articles allowed by law to be fo cationS fliall" imported within the year, then, and in such cafe, it dial] and exceed the may be lawful for the faid commilTioners of the cuftoms in Eng- quantity al-land and Scotland refpetftively to divide such total quantity amongft  ^

the feveral parties, in proportion to the quantity they (hall have fo applied for, and to grant their licences accordingly: and pro- portionably vided alfo, That if the total quantity of any of the laid articles divided among fo applied for, in the IJle of Many fhall fall (hort of the total ^Pa quantity allowed by law to be imported within the year, then pcences jfr]y and in such cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commif- he granted to fioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedfively, to future appli-grant their licences to any perfons afterwards applying, and dulycants* qualified, to import such quantity of each article as (hall be wanting to complete the quantity annually allowed to be imported into the faid ifland ; and the faid collector and comptroller of Quarterly- a c-Douglas fhall, and they are hereby required to tranfmit to commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpec- t^nfmftted to tively, a quarterly account of the fpecies and quantities of all the commif-fuch goods imported by licences as aforefaid.  fioners.

XI.  And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons Perfons coun-fhall counterfeit or falfify any licence or other document required terfeiting or or dire<fted to be obtained by this a<ft, or (hall knowingly or fej\nficences wilfully ma^e ufe of any licence or other document fo counter- or documents feited or falfified, such perfon or perfons dial I, for every such of- to forfeit sooL fence, forfeit five hundred pounds.

XII.  And be it further enaded, That no fee, gratuity, or re- No fee to be

ward whatever* fhall be demanded or taken by the collector and count of comptroller of Douglas, or any other officer or perfon in the faid piicltions^'r ifland, for or in refpeeft of any applications made in the faid licences, or ifland, as herein provided, nor on account of any return or cer- for any re-tiflcate of the due landing of articles imported by licence, in tfiurn#=or ccrt*~ virtue of this or any former a<ft or a£ts, under the penalty of e^cm^enaltv fifty pounds, ^  of’50I.

XIII.  And be it further ena<fted. That when and fo often as The matter of

any foreign brandy, or geneva, or wine, fhall be imported by the veflel im-licence into the ijle of Man, in purfuance of this a£t, the mafter Portm£ fo- ^ or commander of such fhip oir veftel in which the fame fhall be  **

imported, fhall deliver up to the colle<ftor and comptroller of the wine, to de-cuftams at the port of Douglas, the licence or licences bv virtue liver to the of which such foreign brandy, geneva, or wine, fhall be im- collector. See. ported, which licences, by indorfement figned by the Brltijb li^ce conful at the port of'fhipping, or if no Bril if) conful, by two authorifing known Britif) merchants, fhall fpecify the fpecies and quantity/fuch importa-of foreign brandy, geneva, or wine, with the marks, numbers,*1011’ buiorfed and denomination of the cafks or packages containing the fame, f^^in men-^ fo fhipped on board such (hip or veftel, and the mafler or com-tioned; mander of such (hip or vefTel fhall produce to all commariders of and fh^ll pro-his Majesty’s cutters or yeflels, or officers of the cuftoms or ex- duce the fame

cife, within certain

792

limits when required, on forfeiture of the articles.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 1IL c, 63. [1797.

cife, who (hall demand the fame, (fo foon as he (hall be within four leagues of the coaft of Great Britain, IrelaM, or the Ijle of ManJ, such licences fo indorfed, as often as he (hall be fo called upon, until fo delivered up to the collector and comptroller of Douglas as aforesaid, on forfeiture of all such foreign brandy, geneva, or wine

XIV.  And whereas it is expedient to allow a drawback of the duty on Britilh hops, on the exportation thereof to the Ifle of Man, be it therefore ensCted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the exportation of any Britifo hops to the Ife of Many there fhall be allowed the drawback of the v/hole duty paid thereon ; and that infiead and in lieu of the duty of two pounds ten (hillings . for every hundred pounds of the value thereof, now payable on hops imported into the faid Ife of Man from Great Britain, there fhall be railed, levied, colleCicd, and paid, a duty of one penny farthing per pound weight on all hops fo imported, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.^

XV.  And whereas it is expedient to extend the provifons of an aft of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled9 An a Cl for the better fecuring and further improvement of the-revenues of cufloms, excife, inland and fait duties, and for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Ife of Man, and for allowing the importation of feveral goods, the produce and manufacture of the faid ifland, under certain reflriCtions and regulations, to cotton yarn and cotton cloth, being the manufacture of the Me of Man ; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

imported into any cotton yarn or cotton cloth, being the manufacture of the tree "from'th'e>  °f ^an"> be imPort:ed into Great Britain without pay-

From July 5,

1 798, on exportation of hops to the I fie of Man, the drawback of the duty to be allowed : id. iq. per lb, to be paid on importation inftead of the former duty.

5 Geo. 3. c. 43-

Cotton yarn or cotton cloth of the manufacture of the 1 fie of M'-n to be

rom duty of cuf-toms, See.

And no cotton yarn, &c. fhall be imported into the Ifie of Man except from Great Britain, on forfeiture.

No bounty to be allowed on the exportation of any

ment of any duty of cufloms whatever; fubjeCr nevertheleTs, in other refpeCts, to such rules, regulations, and refrriCtions, as are required by the before recited aCf, on the importation of any goods of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the faid ifland.

XVI.  And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no cotton yarn or cotton cloth (hall be imported or brought from any port or place whatever into the faid Ifeof Man, except from Great Britain, on forfeiture thereof.

XVII.  And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the

fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

no bounty (hall be allowed or paid for or upon the exportation

lilk mamitac- from Great Britain to the Ife of Man of any manufacture of filk ture to the Ifie .  J J  J

of Man. whatever.

No drawback XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That no drawback or or bounty to bounty, (hall be paid or allowed for or upon any goods, wares, be allowed, or merchandizes whatever, exported from this kingdom to the c-dc1 herein^1*  nor an>' debenture made out for such drawback or

ilefcribedbe bounty, until a certificate (hall be produced, under the hands produced. and feals of the officer or officers appointed or to be appointed to

attend

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 64,65.  793

attend the landing or examination of such goods at the port or place in the faid ifland where the fame (hall be landed, and alfo under the hand and feal of the collector or comptroller of such port or place, which certificate (hall fpecify that such goods have been duly entered and landed at such port or place in the faid ifland.

XIX.  And be it further enadled, That on the exportation of All reguJa-^ the feveral articles in this adf mentioned from Great Britain, and forceVehtii” on the importation of the fame refpedlively into the Ifle of Man, to such goods purfuant to this adt, all the rules, regulations, reftridtions, pe- imported or nalties and forfeitures, according to the laws now, or which exported, to hereafter may be in force relating to such goods refpedlively lo extend to this imported or exported, and to the payment, recovery, and appropriation of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto, faali

be, and the fame are hereby declared to extend to this acl, the fame as if all the claufes, powers, directions, and authorities relating thereto, fo far as the fame refpedlively apply, were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the body of this prefent act.

XX.  And whereas it may be expedient, under certain fpecial cir-cumfiances, to permit, for a limited time, the importation into the Mle of Man of a larger quantity of the feveral articles allowed to be imported into the faid ifland, by licence under the authority of this

aft; be it therefore enadted, That, during the continuance 0f ^he treafury this adt, it (hall and may be lawful for the lord high treafurer, ^rsto^he>l* or the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, to ifiue commiflioners their orders to the commifiioners of his Majesty’s culloms in of cuftoms to England or Scotland, to grant their licence for the importation ?ranJ- licences into the Ifle of Man of such additional quantity of the feveral tatiox^ofTd-~ articles which are by this adf allowed to be imported imo the faid ditional quan-ifland by licence only, and the lord high treafurer, or the.com- tities of the miflioners of the treafury, on the neceiTity of the cafe being proved to their fatisfadfion, (hall in their judgement deern fit and ported 6for" reafonable for the ufe and confum-ption of the inhabitants of the confumption faidjfland.  in the ifland.

XXI.  And be it further enadfed, That this act (hall continue Continuance in force until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred

and one, and no longer.

CAP. LXIV.

An adt for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, fop one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thouland seven hundred and ninety-eight.—[June zi, 1798 ]

CAP. LXV.

An aft for preventing the depafturing of for efts, commons, and open fields, with Jheep or lambs infefted with the fcab or mange, in that part of Great Britain called England. — [June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS there are within this kingdom feveral for efts, Preamble.

chafes, woods, moors, marfhes, heaths, commons, wajle lands, and open fields, and other undivided and nn in defied lands? capable of

yielding

794 Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgix 111. c. 65. [1797.

yielding great profit, by breeding and maintaining Jheep and lambs : and whereas fever a I perfons bit ere fled in such lands, turn out, keepy and depaflure thereon Jheep and lambs infefted with a certain contagious cotnplaint or diforder, commonly called the fcab or mange, by which means such complaint or diforder has gradually increafed, and wilf if such practice be not refrained, become general, to the great injury not only of divers individuals, but of the public at large, such complaint or diforder rendering the flejh of Jiich fheep and lambs un-whole fame, and dejlroying the wool: may it therefore pleafe your Majeflv that it may be ena£led, and be it enadted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent iromDec.25, parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, 1798> ^ a^y from and after the twenty-fifth day of December in the year of turnout upon our ^ord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, if any any foreft, &c. perfon or perfons whofoever fhall turn out, keep, or depaflure, fheeporlambs in or upon any forefl, chafe, wood, moor, marfh, heath, corn-having the rnon, wafte land, open field, or other undivided or uninclofed hav^ng’been  any  fl>eeP  or  lambs  infected with such complaint or difor-

within fix der called fcab or mange, or fhall wilfully and knowingly turn months infed- out, keep, or departure, in or upon any such forell, chafe, wood, he fhaU^rfeit moor> marfr» heath, common, wafte land, open field, or other not morethan undivided or uninclofed land, any fheep or lamb which, at any 10I. norlefs time within the fpace of fix calendar months immediately pre-than 20s. vious thereto, (hall have been infe£led as aforesaid, every such perfon, on being thereof convidled on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or on his or her confefilon, before any one or more jurtice or jurtices of the peace for the county, diflridl, or place, wherein such offence (hall have been committed, fhall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, for every such offence, together with all reafonable cofls and charges attending such conviction, such coffs and charges to be afeerrained by the juflice or jurtices before whom such conviction fhall take place ; and io toties quoties as often as any such fheep or lamb (hail be fo turned out, kept, or depaftured.

The owner of II. And be it further enadled. That, from and after the faid every iheep twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and mont\^o\dfo ninety-eight, lhe owner or owners of each and every fheep and turned out,  lamb of the age  of three months, which fhall be turned out,

fhall caule  kept, or departured on any foreft, chafe, wood, moor, marfh,

them to be  heath, common,  warte land, open field, or other undivided or

^enalt not *  uninclofed land,  (hall caufe such fheep and lambs to be marked

exceeding us. with the initial letters of his, her, or their chrirtian name and for each, furname, or chrirtian names and furnames, or with such marks with which such fheep or lambs have for three preceding years been ufually marked, such letters or marks not being lefs in length than three inches; and in cafe of neglect thereof, the owner or owners fhall, for each and every such fheep and lamb not fo marked, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding two (hillings, and fo toties quoties, as often as any such fheep or lamb

not

1797O Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 65,

not fo marked (hall have been fo turned out, kept, or depaf-tured.

III.  And he ft further enabled, That for the better and more effectually difcovering the offenders, and punching the offences herein mentioned, it (hall and maybe lawful to and for any per-fon or perfons having fheep or lambs actually depafturing, or entitled to be depaftured, on such foreft, chafe, wood, rnoor, rnarfh, heath, common, wade land, open field, or other undivided or uninclofed land, who (hall perceive, or have reafonable ground or foundation for believing, that there is or are any fheep or lambs, fheep or lamb, depafturing or being in or upon the fame, contrary to the direction and provifions of this a£t, to apply to any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, diftriCf, or place, wherein such lands feveraily do lie, who, upon complaint on oath made thereof before him or them, is and are hereby authorifed and required to iffue a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, directed to the keeper or keepers of the faid forefts or chafes, or his or their deputy or deputies, or to the petty conftable or conftables, bailiff, headborough, or tything man of any parifh, hamlet, or town-fhip, within or near which any such foreft, chafe, wood, moor, rnarfh, heath, common, wafte land, open field, or other undivided or uninclofed land, fhall lie and be fituate, or unto any other perfon or perfons, who fhall confent and be willing to be inferted in such warrant or warrants, and fhall command and empower him or them, or any of them, to take or drive all and every such fheep and lambs, fheep and lamb, to the next pound, or to forne other convenient place, there to be examined by the perfon or perfons who fhall have made such application to such juft ice or juftices as aforesaid, his, her, or their fervant or agent, and by the perfon or perfons to whom the faid warrant fhall be directed, any or either of them, notice being firft given fix hours at the leaft before such examination fhall take place, by the perfon or perfons making such complaint, or by his, her, or their fervant or agent, to the owner or owners of such fheep or lambs, fheep or lamb, or unto his, her, or their hind, bailiff, or fervant, or left at his, her, or their laft or ufual place of abode, if any or either of them be known, and do refide in the parifh or pa-rifhes, hamlet or hamlets, townfhip or tovvnfhips, where such fheep or lambs, fheep or lamb, fhall have been fo found, deferring the pound or place the fame have been taken or driven to, in order that he, fhe, or they may, fhould he, (lie, or they, judge proper, be prefent at such examination ; and if after such examination it fhall be proved to the fatisfa&ion of the juflice or juftices granting such warrant or warrants, that such fheep or lambs, fheep or lamb, have or hath not been kept or dcpafturecl in or upon such lands and grounds, contrary to the directions and provifions of this add, then and in such cafe each and every such fheep and lamb {hail be taken and driven back to the place or places from whence it was taken or driven previous to such examination, and such juftice or juftices fhall award such cofts,

Vol. XLI.  C  Q  Q  charges,

795

Anv perfon

c!e p muring or having ^ right to de-pafeure on such forefts. See. may apply to a juftice, who may order fheep md lambs to he ex ■■ mined, and if found to have been depaftured not contrary to this ad, may order them back to the place from whence taken, and award damages to the owner;

796 Anno regni tricefiino oftavo Georgii III. C. 65. [1797.

charges, and damages, to the owner or owners thereof, as td him or them (hall i’eem reafonable; and such cofts, charges, and damages, fhali be paid by the perfon or perfons making such complaint, and (hall be recovered in like manner as any forfeitures or penalties are by this add directed to be recovered, but if found IV. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if upon any n*:"'iIWt^,nL*«5^CC” c^ examination it fha!l appear to such juftice or juftices, that them to be ai*y ^leeP or lambs, fheep or lamb, have or hath been marked, and turned out, kept, or oepaftured, in or upon any such lands or on demand grounds, infedted as aforesaid, or which at any time within the P ace of fix calendar months immediately previous thereto thall ihalipay ^ave been infedted as aforesaid, then and in such cafe the faid

the exptnjis and penalty.

Penalty on periods dell roying 111 a h ranks, and on owners not renewing them.

j u It ice or juftices (hall and may direct the fame to be impounded, detained, and kept, and to be forthwith marked on both fuies with the letter S, (the length of such letter not being lefs than five inches), such marks to be made with pitch or tar, or fome other adhefive material, such as (beep have been ufually marked with in the neighbourhood, and (hall alfo caufe the left ear of each such fheep and lamb to be cut or ilit in a horizontal line^ (fuch cut or (lit not exceeding the length of one inch), and the lame, when fo marked, fhali be delivered, upon demand, to the owner or owners thereof; and the cofts, charges, and expences attending the taking, driving, keeping, impounding, and marking of the fame, having been ascertained by such juftice or juftices, (hall be paid by the owner or owners of such fheep or lambs, fheep or lamb, together with the penalties and forfeitures impoled by this add, for each and every such fheep and lamb, and such cofts, charges, and expences fhali be recovered in like manner as any penalties or forfeitures impofed by this act are directed to be recovered ; and any such mark or marks, when made, fhali be and be deemed evidence of the fad! that such fheep or lamhsj fheep or lamb, have been turned out, kept, or depaftured, contrary to the directions and provifions of this add, without any other evidence whatfoever.

V.  And be it further enadded, That if any perfon or perfons, at any time within the (pace of fix calendar months after any such fheep or iambs (hall have been fo marked as diredfed by such juftice or juftices, (hall cut out, alter, or deftroy the mark herein directed to be made in the ear of any such fheep or lamb, or if the owner or owners of any such fheep or lamb fhali not immediately renew or caufe to be renewed, in like manner, the mark or marks herein diredted to be made on the fide or Tides of every such fneep and lamb, when and as often as such mark or marks on the fide or Tides fhali be defaced, aliered, obliterated, or destroyed, by any means whatfoever, every such perfon, for each and every fheep and lamb, the faid mark in the ear of which fhali have been by him or her fo cut out, altered, or deftroyed, and such owner or owners, for each and every fheep and lamb, not having tlie faid mark or marks on the fide or fuies thereof, immediately renewed as aforesaid, fhali forfeit and pay, on conviction, any futn not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than



797

1797 ] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 65.

two (hillings; and the juftice or j uflices before whom such conviction be h id, (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required to caufe every such mark fo cut out, altered, defaced, obiifenced, or deftroyed, to be immediately renewed, and the fheep or Jamb,c?

(keep or Iamb, to he det^ftied and impounded until every such mark (hall have been renewed.

VI.  And be it further enabled, That if such fheep or Iambs, ^ fbeep be, ,

fheep or lamb, fo detained or impounded, iliali not be demanded ^tliin^e C and taken away by the owner or owners thereof within five days days after they after the fame fhall have been fo marked as aforesaid, it fhaJI and are marked, may be lawful to and for any juftice or juftices of the peace of^ie'/ m:ly *)e the county, diftriet, or place, in which such fheep or Jambs, p|-0,]u^ ^ Cheep or lamb, (hall have been fo detained or impounded, by to the over-warrant under hi.s or their hand and leal, or hands and feals, to feers of the direct the fame to be fold, and the money arifing by such fale, P0^  ^

after deducing the cods, charges, and expences of taking, driv- |n months' ing, keeping, detaining, impounding, and marking the fame, npplied in aid fhall be paid to the overfeer or overfeers of the poor of the pariih, of the poor hamlet, or place where such fheep or lambs, (beep or lamb, fhall rate*

have been to detained or impounded ; and in cafe the owner or owners of such (beep or lambs, fheep or lamb, fhall not claim such money within twelve calendar months after such payment, the fame fhall be applied in aid of the poor rate of such parifh, hamlet, townfhip, or place.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That all penalties and for Penalties may feiturcs by this aCf impofed for any offence againft the fame, (hall be h vied by be levied fey diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the of- aiiaL‘0-fender or offenders, by warrant Under the hand and feal of feme

juftice of the peace for the county or place where the offence fhall be committed, rendering tfie overplus of the money arifing by such diftrefs and fale (if any) upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chattels, after deducting the cofts and charges of making such diftrefs and fale; which warrant such juftice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon conviction of the offender or offenders, by confeftion or upon the oath of one or more credible witnels or witnefles ; and one moiety of such pe- Application of

1 ties and forfeitures, when fo levied, fhall be paid to the in- Peilaldcs. former, and the other moiety to the overfeer or overfeers of the parifh or townfhip where the offence fhall be committed; to be applied by him or them in aid of the poor rate.

Vin. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where any Convictions conviCtion fhall be had for any offence or offences committed a.nrl kdjudica-agairft this aft, or againft any order of feftions, or any adjudi-cation for the marking of fneep or lambs made, the form of con- forms. ° viCtion, and the form of adjudication for the marking of any fheep or iambs, fhall be in the words or to the effect following 5 ('that is to fay),

‘towit. } ‘ BE dayeSembered’ of the reign of

That on this

in the  year

J, B. is convi&ed be-q q Q 2  fori

798  '  Anno  regni  tricefimo  oftavo Georgii III. c. 65. [1797.

fore  of  his Majesty’s juftices of the peace for the

of  by  virtue  of  an  a<5i  of parlia-

ment, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft, and fpecify the offence, and the time and place wb$rUand where the fame was committed] ; and I [or, we] the faid  do adjudge

him [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the fum of Given under my hand and feal [or, our hands and feals] the day and year aforefaid.’

THE FORM OF ADJUDICATION.

4  .. 1 c T T PON the report upon the oath for, oaths] of

J U  this  day  of

in the year of our Lord  made

unto  of  his  Majesty’s  juftices  of  the peace

lor the  of  refpedting  certain  fheep

[and, lambs] detained [or, impounded] in a in the parifh of  in  the  faid  county,  by  virtue of

a warrant under our hands and feals [or, my hand and feal] do hereby adjudge that l'uch fheep [and, lambs] belonging to A. B. [or, the owner or owners thereof being unknown] appearing to me [or, us] to be infedted with the fcab or mange [or, having within the fpace of  months,

immediately previous to the date hereof, been infedled with the fcab or mange] be marked forthwith according to the diredtions of an adt, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft.] Given under our hands and feals, [or, my hand and feal], the day and year aforefaidP

Perfons aggrieved may

appeal to the quarter hellions.

Ih lirefs not deemed un-lawul on account of want of form in proceedings.

IX.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any perfon or perfons (hall think bimfelf, herfelf, or them helves, aggrieved by any thing done by or in purhuance of this ad!, huch perfon or perfons may appeal to the jullices of the general quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the county or place where such matter of appeal (hall arife, next after the expiration of four calendar months from the time such matter of appeal {hall have arifen, and the juftices in such feflions are hereby authorifed and required to hear and determine the matter of such appeal in a fummary way, and to make such determination therein, and to award such cods as they (hall judge proper ; and such determination fnall be final, binding, and conclufive to all parties, and to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

X.  And be it further enadled, That where any diftrefs fhall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this adl, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafler or tref-paflers on account of any defedt or vshnt of form in the fummons, conviction, warrant of diftrefs, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor lhall the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefp after or t re {pallet's ab initio, 011 account of any irregularity

which

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 65.  799

which (hail afterwards be done by the party or parties diftrain-ing; arid the perfon or perfons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full fatisfacfion for the fpecial damage in an adlion on the cafe : provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in any fiich action for fucb irregularity, or for any tref-pafs or other wrongful proceeding, if tender of fufficient amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their attorney, or by or on the behalf of the defendant or defendants, before such action brought; and in cafe no such tender fhall have been made, it fhall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such adlion, by leave of the court, after such action fhall have been brought, at any time before ilTue joined, to pay inro court such fum of money as he, (he, or they, fhall think hr, whereupon such proceedings, order, and judgement, (hall be made and given in and by such court, as in other adfions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XL Provided always, and be it enabled, That no action or Limitation of fait fhall be commenced again ft any perfon or perfons for any addons, thing done in purfuance of this aunlefs ten days notice in writing, figned by the attorney for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, be thereof given to the defendant or defendants, fpecifying the caufe of such action or fuit, hath been given to the party or parties aggrieved, or after fix calendar months next after the fa£t committed; and every such acftion or fuit fhall be brought and tried in the county where the caufe of such adlion {ball arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such atftion or fuit fhall or may, at his, her, or their election, plead fpecially, or the general ilTue, and give this acl and the fpecial General iffue. matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aci ; and if the fame fhall appear to be fo done, or such action or fuit fhall be brought before ten days notice fhall be given as afore -faid, or after the time limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid,, or fhall he brought in any other county than as aforesaid, then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants-; and upon such verdidf, or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or her adiion or fuit after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff, then the defendant or defendants fhall recover treble cofts, and have such remedy for the fame as any defendant Treble cods, or defendants hath in other cafes by law.

XII.  And be it further enadted, That no order, verdidf, No proceed* judgement, or other proceedings made, touching or concerning

any of the matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the con- want'of form,

vieffion of any offender or offenders againft this a&, fhall be or removeable

quafhed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or re- into any court

moveable by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs what-

foever, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJimbjhr,

any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-

ftanding.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing teJ1(Jnt° g°0e*~

G G G 3  herein  land.

Soo Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgti III. c. 66,67. [*797*

herein contained fhal! extend, or be conftrued to extend, to that part of G^eat Britain called Scotland.

PuoVicJs: a<ft. XIV. And be it further enafted, That this a& (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and fhall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftices, and all perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame*

GAP. LXVI.

An a& for empowering his Majesty, for a time and to an extent to he limited, to accept the fervices of such parts of his militia 'forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themfelves to be employed in Ireland. —[June 21, 179S.]

Cap. lxvil

An aft to prevent the exportation of bafe coin to his Majeflfs colonies in the Weft Indies and America. — [June 21, 1798.]

^^jHEREAS various bafe copper coins made to the refemhlance

Preamble.

Copper coin, not being le-g-d coin, and counterfeit

and fimilitude of the foreign copper coins, called Tempes and Sous Marques, have been exported from this kingdom to. the if and of Martinique in the Weft Indies, under the denomination cf wrought copper: and whereas bafe coin made to the fimilitude and refemhlance of the foreign gold andfilver coins, called Johannes and Dollars, have been circulated in bis Majestys ifiands in the Weft Indies, and in other bis Majesty1 s colonies in America, to the great injury of the inhabitants of the [aid ifiands and colonies: for preventing the like and fimilar evils in future, be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefcnt parliament aftembied, and by the authority of the lame. That all copper coin whatfoever, not being the legal copper coin of this kingdom*, and all counterfeit gold or filver coin made to the fimilitude or refemhlance, or intended to referable, gold or filver any gold or filver coin, either of this kingdom or of any other coin, export- country, which (hall, under any pretence, name, or defeription ed to Marti- whatever, he exported or flipped, or laden or put on board oMfis  any ftnp> veffel, or boar, for the purpose of being exported from

iefty’s colonics this kingdom to the ("aid i ft and of Martinique, or any of his Main the Weft jefty’s ifiands or colonies in ihe TVejt Indies or America, {hall be America' or forfeited, and the fame (hall and may be feized, fued for, pro-ftlipped for fecu ed, and recovered in such courts, and by such and the like thc*t purpose, ways, means, and methods, and the produce thereof difpofed of pay be feifed. and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like ufes and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred bv any law re-fpeclins: the revenue of the cuftoms, may now be feized, fued for, profecutcd, or recovered, difpofed of, and applied, either in tins kingdom, or in any of his Majesty’s ifiands in the JVeJl Indies refpcdiively, as the cafe may happen to be.

II.  And be it further enacled. That every perfon who fhall fo export, or fhall fo fhip, Jay, or put on board any Ihip, veftel, or boat, in order to be fo exported, or fhall caufe or procure to

he

Penalty on per Pons exporting it, See

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgti III. c 68. 8oj

be To exported, (hipped, or put on board any fhip, vefTel, or boat, or (hall have in his or her cuftody, in order to be fo exported, any such coin as aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and double the value of such coin, to. be recovered by bill, fuit, action, or information, in any of his Majefly’s courts of record at Weftminjler*

CAP. LXVIII.

An add for regulating the payment, until two months after the commencement of the next Jeffion of parliament after the end of the prefent war, of the duties on cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, and for granting to bis Majefy additional duties thereon.—[ June 21, 1798.]

'HEREAS the united company of merchants of England Preamble. trading to the Eaft Indies, have lately imported into this ' ' kingdom a large quantity of cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, upon which certain duties are now chargeable according to the weight thereof and the exporters of such goods would, if such duties had been duly paid, be entitled to certain draiubacks upon the exportation thereof which goods now remain in the warehoufes of the fa id united company, under the joint locks of his lAojefy and the faid united company, zuithout the faid duties having been paid thereon: and whereas it is expedient, under the prefent cir cum fiances, that fome new provifion ' Jhould be jmade refpednng the duties on the faid cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, fo imported and warehoufed as aforefaidand alfo in , refpeft of such goods of the fame nature, zvhich hereafter, during the continuance of this act, fall be imported by the faid company: may it therefore pleafe your tMajefty that it may be enacied ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no part of the duties now payable by law, in The duties on refpebt of any cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, or mace, which have been imported by the faid united company, and which, on and  India

immediately before the palling of this aeff, (hall remain in their company and warehoufes, under the joint Jocks of his Majesty and the faid now ware-

company, and on which the duties of-cuftoms (hall not have been hem fed, or .j J . r ~ c  *  1  -  hereafter im-

paid, or in relpect or any cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, or mace, p0rte(^ 110t

which hereafter, during the continuance of this a<51, (hall be payable till

imported into this kingdom by the faid united company, (hall be fold at the

paid, or become payable, unlefs and until any such goods (hall

of the company.

be fold at the publick fales of the faid united company, and then such duties (hall be paid thereon,' and in the manner herein-aftei provided; any bond or fecurity, law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwith (landing.

II. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the palling 'Cinnamon* of this a6>, and during the continuance theieof, all the cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, which (hall be imported into this o^entrv^^fe kingdom by the faid united company, .fhall and may, upon the, landed with -importation thereof into this kingdom, upon due entry thereof, out payment

G G G 4  be  pf duty, or



8o2 Anno regni tricefirno o&avo Georgii III. c. 6S. [1797.

^iately ware-^oufcil after tlie weight is taken.

On file of fu h cinnamon, &e. and entry for exportation, there ih ill be paid il. jos. p r cent urn of the value;

and if taken out of warehoufes for home con-i'u motion, the duties payable on importation I nail then be paid.

Cinnamon,

See. to be duly entered for exportation, 6tc.

If cinnamon, &c. on which the duties

be forthwith landed from on board the {hip or veflel in which the fame (hall have been fo imported, in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, without payment of any duty whatever, except as herein is provided: provided always, That an exadl account {hall be taken of the weight thereof, and entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, and that all such goods fhall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and fecured under the joint locks of his Majesty and of the faid united company, in such warehouses as fhall be fit for that purpose, to be provided at the foie cxpence of the faid united company, with the approbation of the com-mi 111 oners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England, or any three or more of them.

III.  And be It further enacled, That when and as often as any ctnnamon, doves, nutmegs, and mace, fo imported by the faid united company 2s aforesaid, and which, on or immediately before the pa ding of this ad, fhall remain in their warehoufes, under the joint locks of his Majesty and the faid united company, and on which the duties of cuftoms (ball not have been paid, and any cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, which hereafter, during the continuance of this ad, fnall be imported into this kingdom by the faid united company, fhall, from time to time, be fold by the faid united company at their publick fales, there fhall be railed, levied, colleded, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, whenever the fame (hall refpedivelv be duly entered for exportation from the warehoufes of the faid company, and not before, the fum of two pounds and ten (hillings of lawful money of Great Britain, for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such goods according to the grofs price at which such goods (ball have been refpedivelv fold at such publick fales, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs value than one hundred pounds; such duty to be paid by the refpedive perfons who (ball enter iuch goods for exportation from the faid warehoufes,

IV.  And be it further enaded, That if such goods, or any part thereof, fnall be intended to be taken out of such warehoufes in which the fame are or (hall be lodged, to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom, the perfon or perfons, who (hall fo intend to take the fame out of such warehoufes, fhall, before the fame {half be delivered from thence, pay to the proper officer of his Majesty's cuftoms the full duties payable by law on the importation into Great Britain of such cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, refpeclively, fo intended to be taken out of such warehoufe as aforefaid; provided that such cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, or such part thereof which fhall be fo exported, (hall be duly entered for exportation, and regularly (hipped and exported according to the laws now in force, or which (ball be in force at the time of exporting the fame, and under such fecurity as is now required by law on the exportation of pepper from the warehoufes of the faid company.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enadled. That in cafe any cinnamon, cloves, mace, or nutmegs, on which the full duties

due

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 69.  803

due and payable by law at and immediately before the pa fling this fhall have a£t fhall have been paid, and which fhall have been taken out of the warehoufe in which the fame had been fecured, (hall be after- been taken wards exported from this kingdom, the exporter or exporters out of a ware-thereof fhall be allowed such and the like drawbacks as would houle, ftiall be have been allowed on the due exportation of any such articles afterwards

*  ^  c  ^oortccl cX

refpectively, in cafe this act had not been made.  drawback to

VI.  And be it further enadled, That all the monies arifmg by be allowed,

the duty hereby granted fhall be paid into the receipt of his duties to foe Majesty’s exchequer, and carried to and made part of the con- carried to the folidated fund.  confolUakd

VII.  And be it further enabled, That this a£t fhall continue g*11 *

in force during the continuance of the prefent war, and from ^°^naAnce thence until the expiration of two months next after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament after the end of such war.

CAP. LXIX.

An aSt for allowing gold wares to be manufactured at a Jlandard lower than is now allowed by lava.—[June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS it ivould be for the advantage of the manufactures Preamble.

of gold in this kingdom, that gold of an inferior jlandard to what is now allowed by law floould be permitted to be itfed for the fame: may it therefore pleafe yotir Majesty that it may be enadfed; and be it enadfed by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of From 061- i, October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it fhall be £°ld lawful for any goldfmith, or other perfon, making, trading, or dealing in gold wares in Great Britain^ to work or make, or ’or expor-caufe or procure to be wrought or made, any gold veflel, plate, tation of the or manufacture of gold whatsoever, of the ftandard of eighteen ftandard of 18 carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, and to fell, ex-  'n  a,

change, or expofe to fale, or export out of this kingdom, any gold veflel, plate, or manufacture of gold wbatfoever, of the ftandard of eighteen carats of fine gold, in every pound weight troy; any thing contained, in any adf or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And he it further enacted, That from and after the faid Such manu-firft day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, no perfon whatever fhall fell, exchange, or expofe to fale, or pofVd for fale export out of this kingdom, or caufe or procure to be fold, ex - fold, or exchanged, or expofed to fale, or exported out of this kingdom, any ported, until gold veflel, plate, or manufacture of gold, made alter the faid firft  |

day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of ^ena 10 * the ftandard of eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, until such. vefle], plate, or manufacture, fhall be marked with the new mark as follows; that is to fay, With the mark of a crown and the figures 18, inftead of the mark of the lion pafiant,

upon



8c>4 Anno regrvi trlcefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 69. [1797-

upon pain that every such perfon fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

IJI* And further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the in London, refpedfcive companies of goldfmiths in London, Edinburgh, Bir-&c. may Afl'.y mingham, and Sheffield, and the wardens and affayer or a flayers of rmfi M U1Cd at  Exeter> Briftol, Chejler, Norwich, and NewcaJUe upon

^oM asr.ol  being refpedfively duly authorifed according to the laws in

autboiifed by force on and immediately before the paffing of this a£f, to touch, law, except as affay, and mark, with the mark herein-before diredted to be ufed, tothemaik. any gold veffel, gold plate, or manufacture of gold, made and wrought after the faid firft day of October one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, of the ffandard of eighteen carats of line gold in every pound weight trov, of gold brought to them respectively to be touched, allayed, or marked, in like manner and under the like regulations, except as to the mark herein directed to be ufed, inffead of the mark of the lion paffant, as they rer fpedlively are authorifed by the laws in force on and immediately before the paffing of this adf, to touch, affay, or mark, any gold veffel, gold plate, or manufacture of gold, of the ffandard of twenty two carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy.

IV.  Ptovidcd always, and be it further enaeffed, That nothing in this act contained ihall be confirmed to extend to prohibit the

Act n t t-o prevent the manufadtur

ing of gold of making, lelling, exchanging, expofmg to fale, or exporting out of this kingdom, any gold veffels, plate, or manufactures of gold whatever, of the ffandard of twenty-two carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, in the manner directed by any law in force on and immediately before the paffing of this act.

V.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadfed, That nothing herein contained (hall be conffrued to authorife any perfon to touch, allay, or mark, with the mark directed to be ufed by the laws in force at and immediately before the paffing of this adf, any gold veffel, gold plate, or manufacture of gold, made and wrought of a lower ffandard than the ffandard of twenty-two carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy of gold.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That if any perfon fhall, from and after the faid firff day of Oflober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, work or make, or caufe or procure to be

the ffandard of 22 carats in the pound troy:

nor to antho-ri!e the allaying with the mark ufed before the paffing of this adb any gold manufacture of lower ffandard th-n 22 carats in the pound tr^v.

p u r 1 wrought or made, or fhall fell, exchange, or expofe to fale, or

jrt nairy or 501.__y       r  1  j  _

export out of this kingdom, or caufe or procure to be fold, exchanged, or expofed to fale, or exported out of this kingdom, airy gold veffel, plate, or manufacture of gold, not being duly marked with one of the marks hv law required, to denote one of the refpediive ffanJards of twenty-two or eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, every such perfon fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

Vil. And be it further enadted, That, from and after the faid firff clay of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, terhdting if any perfon fhall forge, caff, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure marks, &c.  to be caff? forged, or counterfeited, the mark or ffamp ufed, or

or felling, or diredfed to be ufed in purfuance of this adt, for the marking or Groping °f gold plate by the company of goldfmiths in London

1L  ^

for making, fclbng, or exporting manufactured gold not marked with one of the marks required by law.

Perfons conn

J797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 69.  805

or  Edinburgh, or the Birmingham or Sheffield company, -or-Hy the fueh counter-

wardens or affayer or affayers at York, Exeter, Bri/lol, Chefter,

Norwich, or Newe a file upon Tyne, or any or either of them, or ported ior (hall caft,- forge, or counterfeit, or (hall caufe or procure :o be seven years, caff, forged^ or counterfeited, any mark, (tamp, or tmprehion, in imitation of or to refemble any mark, fiarop, or imprelfion, made or to be made with any mark or fhrop ufed or to be uffd as aforesaid, by the faid company of goldfmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the faid Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by ihe faid wardens or affayer or affayers, or any or either of them, or fball mark or {lamp, or caufe or procure to be marked or damped, any wrought plate of gold, or any wares of filver, brafs, or other metal, gilt over and refembling plate of gold, with any mark or {lamp which hath been or {hall be forged or counterfeited, at any time, (either before, on, or after, the faid hrir day of O Bober one tboufand seven hundred and ninety-eight), in imitation of or to refemble any mark or (lamp ufed or ro be ufed as aforesaid, by the faid .company of goldfmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the faid Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the faid wardens or affayer or affayers, or any or either of them, or (hall tranfpofe or remove, or caufe or procure to be tranfpoied or removed, froiT} one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any veffel of filver, brafs, or other metal as aforesaid, any mark, ffamp, or impreffion, made or to be made by or with any mark or damp ufed or to be ufed as aforesaid, by the faid company of goldfmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the faid Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the faid wardens or alfayer or afiayers, or any or either of them, or {hall fell, exchange, or expofe to fa!e, or export out of this kingdom, any wrought plate of gold, or any veflel of filver, brafs, or other metal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit mark, {lamp, or impreffion thereon, or anv mark, {lamp, or impreffion, which hath been or {hall be tranfpofed or removed from any other piece of plate, knowing such mark, {lamp, or impreffion, to be forged, counterfeited, or tranfpofed, or removed as aforesaid, or {ball wilfully or -knowingly have or be pcffeffed of any mark or (lamp which hath been or {hall be forged or counterfeited, in imitation of and to refemble any mark or (lamp ufed or to be ufed as aforesaid, by the (aid company of goldfmiths in London or Edinburgh, or by the faid Birmingham and Sheffield companies, or by the faid was dens, or ah <yer or aflkyers, or any or either of them, every such perfon offending in any such or either of the cafes aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be transported to tuch parts beyond the lees, as his iVlajefty, with the advice of his privy council, (hall direct, for the (pace of seven years.

VIII.  And be it further enacted. That ah gold veffels, plate, Manufa&ured

and manufactures of gold whatever, of the ftandard of eighteen

carats of line gold in every pound weight troy, (hail be touched,  n

a flayed, and marked with the feveral marks directed to be ufed by pound troy to

this aft, or by any aft or acts in force on and immediately before beaflay^J,&c.

the pafiing of this aft, in the marking of gold veffels, plate, or e.xcePt vy,t]!. r ° ■  00  r  cl  the mark of

manufactures th lion

8o6 Anno regm triceiimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 70, 71. [1797.

pafiaiit, as manufactures of gold, except the mark of the lion palfant, by the tbe*^ Per**ons> at  and under such powers, authorities,

ftandard of rules, and regulations,'and lTiall have and be under such provifoes, 22 carats, and exemptions, qualifications, and conditions, and {hall be fubjeft to tobefubjtft such penalties and forfeitures, and to the like payments and re-to the like wards, fubtraftions and detentions, for or upon touching, affay-®  *  ing,  and marking the fame, as gold vefTels, plate, and manufactures

of gold, of the ffandard of twenty-two carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, may or ought to be touched, afTayed, and marked, with the marks required by the laws in force as afore-faid, or have, or are fubjeft or liable to by an aft, palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the better preventing frauds and abufes in gold and ftlver waresy or by any aft or afls therein recited or referred to, or by any other act or afts in force on and immediately before the palling of this aft, with relation to gold plate wrought, made, or fold in, or exported out of this kingdom; and that all the powers, authorities, rules, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, methods, claufes, and all other matters and things prefcribed or appointed by the faid aft of the twelfth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, or by any aft or afts therein recited or referred to, or by any other aft: or ails with relation to wrought gold plate or manufactures of gold of the ftandard of twenty-two ^arats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, and in force on and immediately befoie the palling of this aft, (except where other provifions are exprefsly made by this aft), {hall be obferved, praftiled, applied, and put in execution for the working, making, touching, and allaying, all gold veffels, plate, and gold manu-faftures of 'the ftandard of eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy, and in and for the making the fame according to the directions of this aft, and in and for the felling, exchanging, expofing to fale, and exporting the fame, or any of them; and in and for the recovery of any penalties or forfeitures incurred againft the form of the faid afts, or any of them, or of this aft, as fully and effectually as if the faid feveral powers, authorities, rujes, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, methods, claufes, matters, and things, had been repeated and re-enafted in this aft, and had herein "been exprefsly applied to such gold veffels, plate, and manufactures of the ftandard of eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight troy refpeftively,

CAP. LXX.

An aft for making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.—[June 21, 1798.]

I

CAP. LXXI.

An aft for encouraging the art of making new models and cafh of bufts, and other things therein mentioned.—[June 21, 1798.]

Preamble. TTTHEREAS divers perfons have, by their own genius, indujiryy VV pains, and expencey improved dnd brought the art of making

new

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 71.  807

new models and cafts of bu/ls, and of flatues of human figures, and of

animals, to great perfection, in hopes to have reaped the foie benefit of

their labours; but that divers perfons have (without the confent of the

proprietors thereof) copied and made moulds from the faid models and

cafts, and fold bafe copies and cafts of such new models and cafts, to

the great prejudice and detriment of the original proprietors, and to

the difcouragement of the art of making Juch new models and cafts as

aforefaid: for remedy whereof, and for preventing such practices

for the future, may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacfted;

and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the

authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this The foie right

a6t, every perfon who fhall make or caufe to be made any new of^maldn^^

model, or copy or caft made from such new model, of any buft, models or

or any part of the human figure, or any ftatue of the human calls fhall be

figure, or the head of any animal, or any part of any animal, or ve!^d in the

the ftatue of any animal; or fhall make or caufe to be made any p^eto?

new model, copy, or caft from such new model, in alto or baffo F

relievo, or any work in which the reprefentation of any human

figure or figures, or the reprefentation of any animal or animals

fhall be introduced, or fhall make or caufe to be made any new

caft from nature of any part or parts of the human figure, or of

any part or parts of any animal, fhall have the foie right and

property in every such new model, copy, or caft, and alfo in every

fuch new model, copy, or caft in alto or baffo relievo, or any

work as aforesaid, and alfo in every such new caft from nature

as aforesaid, for and during the term of fourteen years from the

time of firft publifhing the fame: provided always, That every

perfon who fhall make or caufe to be made any such new model,

copy, or caft, or any such new model, copy, or caft in alto or bafla

relievo, or any work as aforesaid, or any new caft from nature as

aforefaid, fhall caufe his or her name to be put thereon, with the

date of the publication, before the fame fhall be publifhed and

expofed to fale.

II. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon fhall, within Perfons mak-the faid. term of fourteen years, make or caufe to be made any ^^^model copy or caft of any such new model, copy, or caft, or any such °r caft,™vitlL model, copy, or caft in alto or baffo relievo, or any such work as out the con-aforefaid, or any such new caft from nature as aforesaid, either fent of the by adding to or di mini filing from any such new model, copy, or cafi, or adding to or diminifhing from any such new model, copy, f^cuted:^0" or caft in alto or baffo relievo, or any such work as aforesaid, or adding to or diminifhing from any such new caft from nature, or fhall caufe or procure the fame to be done, or fhall import any copy or caft of such new model, copy, or caft, or copy or caft of such new model, copy, or caft in alto or baffo relievo, or any such work as aforesaid, or any copy or caft of any such new caft from nature as aforesaid, for fale,'or fhall fell or otherwife difpofe of, or caufe or procure to be fold or expofed to fale, or otherwife dilpofed of, any copy or caft of any such new model, copy, or

except Rich perfons who ilia.ll pir.cn tie the imic of the original proprietor.

Limitation of anions.

caff, or any copy or caff of such new model, copy, or caft in alto or balTo relievo, or any fu'.h woik ns aforesaid, or any copy or caft of any <uch new call from nature as aforeiaid, without the exprefs content of the proprietor or proprietors thereof fir If had and obtained, in writing hgned by him, her, or them refpedlivelyj with his, her, or their hand or hands, in the prefence of and atteifed by two or more credible witnefTc:-., then and in all or any of the cafes aforesaid, every proprietor o>* pronrietcr.S of any such original moAl, copy, or caff, and every proprietor or proprietors of any such original model, or copy or caff in -alto or bafl'o relievo, or any such work as aforesaid, or the proprietor or proprietors of any such new caff from nature as aforefaid refpedfively, lhal! and may, by and ill a fpecial adlion upon the cafe, to be brought againff the per ion or perfons fo offending, recover such damages as a jury on the trial of such adtion, or on the. execution of a writ of enquiry thereon, fhall give or aflefs, together with full coifs of fuit.

III.  Provided neverthelefs, That no perfon w'ho fliall hereafter purchafe the right, either in any iuch model, copy, or calf* or in any such model, copy, or calf in alto or baflo relievo, or any such work as aforesaid, or any such new caff from nature, of the original proprietor or-proprietors thereof, fhall be fubjedt to any adiion for vending or felling any caff or copy from the fame; any thing contained in this adf to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IV.  Provided alfo. That all actions to be brought a$ aforefaid^ againff any perfon or perfons for any offence committed againff this adf, fhall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the difcovery of every such offence, and not afterwards;

CAP. LX XII.

An adf lor indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons acting as such, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the -importation and exportation of goods and commodities in lo'rcigU bottoms.—[June 21, 1798.]

C A P. LXXIII.

'An act for amending and rendering more effectual an ad, made in the thirty-fixthyear of the reign of his prefent Majcfly, intituled. An adt to prevent abufes and frauds in the packing, weight, and fale of butter ; and to pepeai certain acts relating thereto.—[June 21, 1798-.}

Preamble. \ T 7 HE RE A S, to prevent abufes andfrauds in the packing, weighty V V and fale of butter, various provijicns were made by a ftatute pfjfed in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majcjfy 36 Geo. 3. intituled, An adf to prevent abufes and frauds in the packing, c*  weight, and fale of butter; and to repeal certain acts lela’ing

thereto \ . and whereas the jaid adt is veiy much avoided by concealing the places of abode of the coopers making vcfjels for butter, and cf the darymen jr ether packers of butter for Jale, and by the want cfjo me pro-

vijion

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o6tavo Georgii III. c. 73.  809

vifion to make the fa ft or s or agentsfor buying and felling butter, andalfo

the cheefemougers and other perfonsfelling butter on their own account

refponfble for t ran failing thefile of butter, in vefels not made as the [aid

aft requires; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moff excellent

majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled,

and by the authority of the fame, That every cooper or other

perfon making a veffel for the packing of butter, being a veffel poking

within the regulations of the ad herein-before recited, before butter, /hall

his or her fuffering any such veffel to go out of his or her brand them

poffeffion, (hall, on the bottom of such vefTel, on the outfide, with manner*

an iron, in addition to his or her chriffian name and firname as  p

the faid ad requires, brand the name of his or her place of abode

or dwelling, in permanent and legible letters, in manner following;

[videlicet). If he or fhe (hall dwell in a city or market town, or within the county of such city or the parifh of such market town, then the name of such city or market town; and if he or fhe {hall dwell in a village* townlhip, liberty, hamlet, or other fub-divifion of any parifh, then the name of the parifh wherein such village, townfhip, liberty, hamlet, or other fubdivifion (hall be fo iituate ; and if he or fhe (hall dwell in an extra-parochial place, then the name of the next adjoining parifh to which such extra-parochial place dial! be fituate ; or in default of branding such  for

his or her place of abode in manner before dire&ed, he or (he, e au for every such offence, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings.

II.  And be it further enacted, That every such fadtor or agent Penalty ori for buying or felling butter for others, who (ball buy or fell, or fadors for offer for fale, or (hall, for the purpose of fale, have in his or her buying or cuftody, power, or poffeffion, any veffel containing butter, or fhall

order, confign, forward, or fend, or (hall caufe to be ordered, vefiels, not coniigned, forwarded, or fent, any veffel containing butter for legally fale, to any perfon or perfons whoinfoever; which veffel con- marked, taining such butter fliall not be made and externally marked, and have the butter therein imprinted according to the directions of this a61, and of the ad herein-before recited, fhall, for each and every luch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty {hillings.

III.  And be it further enaded, That every perfon being a Penalty oh cheefemonger, or otherwife a feller or dealer in butter on his or dealers having her own account, who fhall offer for fale, or fhall, for the in ^lr purpose of fale, have in his or her cuftody, power, or poffeffion, kutter in* any veffel containing such butter, which veffel containing such veffels not butter fliall not be externally marked according to the directions legally

of this ad, and of the ad hcrein-before recited, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings.

IV.  And be it further er.aded. That all forfeitures and penal- Penalties to ties impeded bv this ad, fhall be refpedively fued for, levied, railed, he recovered and applied, in such manner and form, and with, by, under and

fubjed to the fame methods, limitations, and provifions, as are un(jer ? preferibed in the act hcrein-before recited concerning the refpec- recited ad,

tive

8io

Conn men cement of a<5t.

A 61 not to exttnd to Scotland,

Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgii III. c. 74. [1797.

tive penalties and forfeitures thereby impofed ; and all »perfons who (hall be fued or proceeded a gain ft for any thing done in purfuance or under colour of this acl, fhall be within the benefit of the fame provifion as is contained in the a& herein-before recited in refpedt to perfons a£fing .under the fame.

V.  fAnd be it further ena£led, That this fhall commence and begin to be in force on the firft day of September in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further ena£led, That nothing contained in this a£t fhall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Preamble,

a6 Geo. 3. c. 107, recited.

CAP. LXXIV.

An a£l for raifing a body of miners in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the defence of the kingdom, during the prefent war. — [June 21, 1798.]

WHEREAS, by an a51 pajfed in the twentyfxth year of his Mcjefy s reign, intituled, An a cl for amending, and reducing into one a<51 of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, it is provided, That nothing therein containedfhculd extend to the miners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, but that the warden of the farmeries, in purfuance of his Majefy’s commiffon in that behalf, and such as he fouId commiffionate and authorije under him, fhould have and ufe the like powers, and array, ajfefs, arm, mufer, and exercife the faid miners, within the faid counties, or either of them, as hath been theretofore ijed, and according to the an cent privileges andcufoms of the jaidfarmeries, and the like provifion had been made by clivers former a£ls of parliament concerning the militia : and whereas, by reofon of the length of time which elapfed face any commijjion hath iffued to the tvarden of the/tanneries aforesaid, to array, ajfefs, arm, mufer, and exercife the faid miners, great difficulties might occur in the execution offucb commifion, and it is therefore expedient that provifion fhould be made for arming, arraying, and exercifng a certain proportion offuch miners, for the defence of the kingdom during the prefent war; be it therefore enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the His Majesty authority of the fame, 'That his Majesty may, from time to time may authorife as occafion fhall require, ifiue his commiftion to the warden of the {tanneries of the counties of Devon and Cornwall, giving him power and authority during his Majesty’s pleafure, and such warden is hereby, according to such commiftion, authorifed and required to call together, arm, array, and caufe to be trained and exercifed, such miners, in such numbers and in such manner as herein-after is directed ; and the faid warden fhall conftitute and appoint, from time to time, such perfons as he fhall think fit, being qualified as herein-after mentioned; to be his deputy-wardens for the fpecial purposes of this a<51, the names of (uch perfons having been firft prefented to and approved by his

Majefty *

the warden of the ftanna ries to call out the miners.

Warden to appoint his deputies and officers, &c.

X797-] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 74.  811

Majefty ; and the faid warden (hall alfo appoint such field officers

and other officers as herein-after directed, qualified as herein-after

mentioned, to train and difcipline, and command the miners, fo to

be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and diredions

after mentioned, and {hall certify to his Majesty the names and

ranks of all such officers fo to be appointed; and if his Majefiy (hall,

within fourteen days after such certificate fhall have been laid

before him, fignify his difapprobation of any of the perfons fo to

be appointed, it fhall not be lawful for the faid warden to grant

a commiffion to any perfon fo difapproved, but commifiions fhall

be granted by the faid warden to all such perfons fo to be

appointed as fhall not be difapproved by his Majefiy, and the

officers fo appointed fhall rank with the militia officers of this Rank of

kingdom, according to the dates of their refpedive commifiions, °fficers-

and with al! officers of his Majefiy’s forces, in the fame manner

as the faid militia officers are entitled to rank; and the com- Commiffiors

/  not*  ^(1

millions fo to be granted by the faid warden fhall not be tjie revo,

vacated by reafon of the revocation, expiration, or difcontinuance cation or ex-

of his Majesty’s commiffion to the faid warden : provided always pitation^of the

neverthelefs, That if any warden of the faid fiannaries, to whom warciePL6

his Majefiy fhall have ifiued his commiffion as aforesaid, (hall be comml 10IU

removed from, or refign his office of warden of the faid fiannaries,

and ceafe to be warden of the faid fiannaries, the faid commifiion

ifiued to the faid warden for the purposes aforesaid, and all and

every the powers and authorities vefted in such warden by virtue

of such commiffion, and of this ad, fhall ceafe and determine.

II.  And be it further enaded, That the faid warden (hall con- Warden to fiitute and appoint twelve fpecial deputy wardens at the leafi for

the purposes of this ad, if fo many perfons can be found qualified deputy war-*

as herein after directed, that is to fay. Every such perfon fo to be dens, who

appointed a fpecial deputy warden Ihall be qualified in the fame ihall take the

manner as deputy lieutenants are required to be qualified by the

faid ad of the twenty-fixth year of his Majefiy's reign, in the reclted ad.

faid counties of Cormvall and Devon ; and every perfon fo to be

appointed a fpecial deputy warden (hall take and fubfcribe the

oaths, and make, repeat and fubfcribe the declaration required

to be taken, made, repeated, and fubfcribed, by such deputy

lieutenants, by virtue of the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year of

his Majefiy’s reign, changing only what ought to be changed.

III.  And be it further enacted. That it ihall be lawful for any juf- Juices with tice or jufiices of the peace of the faid counties refpedively, together

with one or more fpecial deputy warden or deputy wardens, to do all matters and things in the execution of this ad, which might be done by a like number of fpecial deputy wardens, in the fame manner as juftices of the peace are authorifedto ad with deputy lieutenants in executing the laws concerning the militia.

IV.  And be it further enaded, That the faid warden (hall from Warden to time to time, appoint a clerk of the general meetings to beholden aPP£int *

as herein-after direded, and may difplace such clerk if he Ihall g^eral meet-think fit, and appoint another in his room ; and the fpecial deputy ings, and dewardens within their refpedive fubdivifions, or the major part of puty wardens Vol. XLI.  Hhh  thofe

812 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 74. [1797.

a clerk for ^ those prefent at any fubdivifion meeting, (hall alfo, from time to lionsappoint a clerk for their lubdivifions, and may difplace such clerk as they, or the major part of them, {hall think fir, and appoint another in his room ; and such clerk of such general meetings {hall be paid five guineas for every general meeting, and such clerks of fubdivifion meetings {hall be paid one guinea for every fubdivifion meeting; such fees to be paid by the receiver general of the land tax in the counties of Cornwall and Devon refpe&ively ; and such clerks {hall receive no other fee or reward whatfoever.

V.  And be it further ena&ed, That the number of men to be raifed by virtue of this a£lfhall be one-feventh part of the number of perfons who fhall appear to be liable to be ballotted to ferve in purluance of this adf, as herein-after directed.

VI.  And be it further enacted. That general meetings of the faid warden and fpecial deputy wardens {hall be holden at the moft convenient towns of the counties of Cornwall and Devon re-fpeftively, and such meetings fhall confift of the warden and two fpecial deputy wardens at the leaft, or on the death, removal, or abfence of the warden, of three fpecial deputy wardens at the leaft, and notice thereof {hall be given fourteen days at the leaffc before the day of any such meeting, in fome newfpaper or newf-papers ufually circulated in the faid counties of Cornivall and Devon refpe&ively ; and such general meeting fhall and may

f ~ o lvr ^ummcm ot^er meetings, and be adjourned in the fame manner as meebngs° ^ genera^ meetings of lieutenancy may be fummoned and adjourned.

Number of men to be raifed.

General meetings to be holden, of which 14 days previous notice fhall be given.

General meeting may

Firft general meeting to appoint fubdivifion meetings, &c.

Fii ft general meeting to ilTtie orders to the chief conftables. Sec. to return to the fpecial deputy wardens liils of

by virtue of the laws in. force concerning the militia forces of that part of Great Britain called England.

VII.  And be it further ena£led, That the faid warden and fpecial deputy wardens, or such of them as fhall be prefent at the firft general meeting to be held in purfuance of this adl, in each of the faid counties of Cornwall and Devon, fhall appoint the feveral fubdivifion meetings which fhall be held within the four ftannaries of Blachnore, Foymore, Tywarnhaite Penwith, and Kerrier refpedtively, for the county of Cornwall, and within the four ftannaries of Chagford, Ajhburton, Plymton, and Tavljlock, for the county of Devon; which fubdivifion meetings {hall confift of two fpecial deputy wardens, or one fpecial deputy warden and one jullice of the peace for the county within which such fubdivifion meeting Inali be holden ; and luch fubdivifion meetings {hall have the like powers and authorities for the pur^ pofes of this a<ft, as the fubdivifion meetings of lieutenancy have for the purposes of the feveral general acts concerning the militia forces of England.

VIII.  And be it further enadfed, That, at the firft general meeting tQ be holden in purfuance of this a£t in each of the faid counties, the faid warden and fpecial deputy wardens refpedtively, prefent at each of such meetings, fhall iffue their orders to the chief conftables, and where there is no chief conftable, to fome other officer of the hundred or other divifion, within the faid counties refpedlively, where miners do dwell, requiring every

fuch



1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo o6tavo Georgii III. c. 74.  813

fuch chief conftable or other officer to iffue an order, under his miners be-

hand, to all conftables, tythingmen, and other officers of every tWee^s80pjf

parifh, tything or place, within, the faid hundreds or other45 s

divifions refpe&ively where miners do dwell, to return to the

fpecial deputy wardens, within their refpedfive fubdivifions, at the

places and at the times to be appointed for that purpose, full and

true lifts, in writing, of all and every the miners dwelling within

their refpedlive parifbes and places, between the ages of eighteen

and forty-five years, diftmguifhing their refpedfive occupations as

miners, and where the true names and defcriptions of such miners

cannot be procured, their common appellations fTiall be fufficient,

and diftinguifhing which of such perfoils fo returned labour

under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from ferving in

purfuance of this ad, and having fir ft affixed a true copy of the Copies or lifts

lift intended to be fo returned on the door of the church or to be affixed

chapel belonging to every such parifh or place; or if any such  churc^

parifh or place fhall have no church or chapel belonging thereto,

then on the door of the church or chapel of fome parifh or place

adjoining, on fome Sunday morning before such return fhall be

made, which fhall be three days at the leaft before the meeting

appointed for receiving such return, and having alfo written at

the bottom of such copy fo affixed on the door of such church or

chapel, notice of the day and place of such meeting; and that all

perfons who fhall think themfelves aggrieved may then appeal,

and that no appeal will afterwards be received ; and at the days Conftables fo

and places fo to be appointed for the returns of such lifts, the *erhMifts

conftables, tythingmen, and other officers refpe&ively, fhall .

attend and verify the fame upon oath; and the faid fpecial  10ns

deputy wardens, or any two or more of them, or any fpecial deputy appeals, See.

warden and one or morejuftice orjuftices of the peace, affembled

in their refpeeftive fubdivifions, fhall proceed to hear appeals, and

amend such lifts, and caufe duplicates of such amended lifts to be

made, and otherwifeto aeft therein in the fame manner as deputy

lieutenants and juftices are authorifed to proceed in the like cafes,

with refpedft to the returns of men to be ballotted for the militia

in England.

IX.  Provided always, and be itena&ed, That no perfon fhall be

ftruck off the faid lifts upon appeal, on pretence that such perfon old tobe^*** is not a privileged miner, if such perfon, being above the age of ftruck off the eighteen years, was left out of the lift laft returned under the laws lifts as not concerning the militia forces of England, for the parifh or place apliv*~ where he refided as a privileged miner, and unlefs such perfon ifieft out0f (hall upon oath, or affirmation (if a quaker,) declare that he was the lift laft not left out of such lift by reafon of his being a privileged miner, returned as but by miftake or neglebt, or for fome other caufe.  one*

X.  And be it further en added, That if any conftable, tything- Penalty of ^ man, or other officer, (hall wilfully omit or negledt to infert in *P * j^nTeThi any such lift the name of any perfon which ought to be inferted

therein, every such conftable, tythingman, or other officer,

(hall forfeit and lofe, for every such offence, the fum of twenty pounds.

XI. And

HI1H2

dens may require chief captains of

miness or a«?tnis of blowing houftrs, to return lift of the miners employed, &c.

814 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. 0,74. [1797.

Special war- XL And be it further ena£ted, That in order to enable' the faid fpecial wardens to correct and amend the faid lifts, and dif-cover whether all the names have been inferted which ought to have been inferted therein, the faid fpecial deputy wardens fhall, if they fhall think, fit, iftue their precept to the chief captain of any mine, or to the agent of any blowing houfe or fmelting houfe within any fubdivifion, requiring such chief captain or agent to return tofuch fpecial deputy wardens, at any fubdivifion meeting, as they fhall fee fit, a true lift of all the working miners employed in or about the bufinefs of such mine, blowing houfe, or fmelting houfe, and deferibing their occupations as miners, and where they mittin* refpe<^vety dwell ; and if any such captain or agent fhall wilfully names in such or?it or negledl to infert in such lift the name of any perfon which ought to be inferted therein, such captain or agent fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XII. And be it further ena<5Ied, That after such return fhall have been made, and such lifts amended and made compleat as aforesaid, the faid fpecial deputy wardens, within their refpeeftive fubdivifions, fhall, at fubdivifion meetings to be holden for that purpose, appoint what number of men fhall ferve for each fubdivifion, that is to fay, One man in seven of all the men contained in the amended lifts for such fubdivifion ; and (hall further pro-

lifts.

After lifts are completed, fpecial wardens to appoint the number of men to ferve for e^ch fub-divifton, and

ballot, &c.

for each place ceed to appoint what number of men fo to be appointed to ferve to^ppoint^ f°r fhbch\dfion fhall ferve for each parifh and place within another meet- such fubdivifion, in proportion to the numbers appointed to ferve ing for chuting for such fubdivifion; and fhall appoint another meeting to be the men by holden within the fame fubdivifion, as foon as conyeniently may be, and within three weeks from the day of the prior meeting, and fhall iftue an order to the chief conftables, or other officers of the refpeclive hundreds and places within such fubdivifion, requiring them to give notice to the conftable, tythingman, or other officer of every parifh or place within their refpective hundreds and places, of the time and place of the next fubdivifion meeting; and the faid fpecial deputy wardens, or any two of them, at such fubdivifion meeting, (hall caufe the number of men appointed to ferve as aforefaid to be chofen by ballot out of the duplicate of the lift returned for every parifh and place, and amended as aforesaid, in the fame manner as men are chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia in England; and fhall appoint another meeting to be holden in the fame fubdivifion, as foon as conveniently may be, and within three weeks after such prior meeting, and fhall iftue an order to the chief conftables or other officers of the feveral hundreds or places within such fubdivifion, to direct the conftable or other officer of every parifh or place, to give notice to each man fo chofen to ferve as aforesaid, to appear at such meeting fo to be appointed, which notice fhall be given to him, or left at his place of abode, at leaft seven days before such meeting ; and such conftable or other officer fhall attend such meeting, th^followingC anc* ma^e a return on oath of the fervice of such notice ; and every perfon fo chofen by ballot fliall, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, and there take the following oath; that is to fay,

Perfon 9 chofen to take

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii IIL c. 74.  815

( T A, B. do fincerely promife and fwear, That I will be faithful oath ;

X and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George; and I do fwear that I will faithfully ferve in the regiment of miners of the counties of Cornwall and Devon, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the prefent war, and for the fpace of fix calendar months aftpr the end thereof.’

And every such perfon (hall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and and to be there prepared for that purpose) to ferve in the faid regiment enrolled, during the prefent war, and for the fpace of fix calendar months alter the end thereof.

XIJI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That any Perfons perfon fo chofen by ballot may produce a fubftitute, who, if ^oduc^fiib3^ approved, may be enrolled and fworn in the fame manner as ftitutes, who fubftitutes may be fworn and enrolled in the cafe of men chofen by may be ballot to ferve in the fupplementary militia in that part of Great enrolled. Britain called England.

XIV.  And be it further enabled. That if through any neglect If the full

or miftake, or from any other caufe, the full number of men^^erof appointed for any fubdivifion fhould not be duly enrolled at the }\lbdiv!fion^ meeting appointed for that purpose, then the faid fpecial deputy {hall not be wardens, or any two or more of them, at their faid meeting, or at enrolled, a fome fubfequent meeting, are hereby required. immediately to  to

proceed to a fre(h ballot, and to adjourn their meeting, and

appoint other meetings, and amend the lifts, and repeat the amending of lifts as may be'neceftary and expedient for carrying thepurpofes of this ad duly and fully into execution, in the fame manner as deputy lieutenants may do for the like purposes by the laws in force concerning the militia.

XV.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any A deputy

one fpecial deputy warden or juftice of the peace to adminifter  or

the oath herein-before required to be taken, either to any per-

fon ballotted, or to any perfon who (hall offer to ferve as a fubfti- oaths, and tute ; and such fpecial deputy warden, or juftice of the peace, is diredt the hereby authorifed to direct and require the clerk of the fubdivifion £h^eribns°* for which every such perfon is to ferve, to enrol in the roll of fWorn.r ° ** such fubdivifion the name of such perfon, together with the day on which the faid oath was fo adminiftered to such perfon.

XVI.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon chofen If perfons by ballot as aforefaid fhall refute or negled to appear, and take ^jjQ^dcfnot the oath aforesaid, and ferve in the faid regiment, or provide a app£ar 0r fubftitute, who fhall take the faid oath and be enrolled according provide fub-to the provifions herein contained, every such perfon fo refufing ftitutes, they or negleding (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifteen pounds, and

be liable, whenever a ballot fhall again take place under the liable to ferve authority of this ad, to ferve in the faid regiment, or provide a on a new fubftitute; and in default of payment of such penalty as aforesaid, ballot, aid if or for want of fufticient efFeds whereon to levy the fame, the  t

name of such perfon (hall be entered on the roll, and such perfon compellable (hall be delivered over to the proper officer of the regiment, and to ferve.

(hall be compelled to ferve in the faid regiment in the fame man-

h h h 3  ner

Quakers ballotted, to be proceeded with as quakers in the miiitia forces.

Lifts of two

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 74. [1797.

ner as if he had appeared, and been duly fworn and enrolled, and fhall be fubjeft to the fame punifhment for afterwards abfeonding or deferring as he would have been fubjeft to in cafe he had appeared, and been duly fworn and enrolled : provided always. That if any perfon fo ballotted to ferve in the faid regiment fhall be one of the people called Quakers^ the fame proceeding fhall be had with refpeft to such perfon as may be had with refpeft to a quaker ballotted to ferve in the militia in England \ and all and every the provifions with refpeft to the people called,Quakers in  the  feveral  afts concerning  the militia forces of England,

fhall be  carried  into execution in  the levying of men to be raifed

by virtue of this aft, in the fame manner, and as fully and amply as if the fame had been repeated and enabled in the body of this aft.

laces ma  be  And  be ^ further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for

added toge-  ^  fpecial  deputy wardens,  or any two or more of them

ther.  within  their  refpeftive  fubdivifions  to add together the lifts of two .

or more parishes or places within such fubdivifion, and proceed upon such lifts added together in the fame manner as if such lifts had been originally returned for one parifh or place, foas to make the choice of men by ballot within every parifh and place in each fubdivifion as equal as pofTible.

X VIII. And be it further enafted. That if the lift of any parifh warden^may or Pj2Ce be 1°^ or deftroyed, it fhall be lawful for the-faid caufe newlifts fpecial deputy wardens, or any two or more of them, to caufe a to be made new lift of such parifh or place to be made and returned to them at their next or any fubfequent fubdivifion meeting, and to enforce the return thereof, and to proceed thereupon in the fame manner as they might have done upon the lift fo loft or deftroyed if the fame had not been loft or deftroyed.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That the faid regiment fhall confift of fo many companies (the number of men not being lefs than fixty men in each company) as his Majesty fhall direft; and

out.

Eftablifhment of the regiment.

The warden may be the colonel.

the field officers of such regiment fhall be one colonel, one tenant colonel, two majors, and no more, unlefs the private men ballotted to ferve in the faid regiment, and fworn and enrolled, fhall exceed twelve hundred men, in which cafe the faid regiment fhall be formed into two battalions, each battalion having two field officers, that is to fay, One lieutenant colonel.and one major, and the two battalions (ball form one regiment, to be commanded by the colonel; and there fhall alfo be one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign, to each company, such companies containing fixty men at the leaft in each company ; provided always. That it fhall be lawful for the faid regiment to have one company of grenadiers and one of light infantry, to each of which companies two lieutenants fhall be appointed inftead of a lieutenant and enfign; and it fhall be lawful for the faid warden, if he fhall think fit, with the approbation of his Majesty, to be the colonel of the faid regiment inftead of appointing another perfon to be colonel thereof.

XX. And

1797-1 Annoregnitricefimo octavoGeorgii III. c. 74.  817

XX. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant colonel The officers

to have the

regiment, Jr Ajavc 7-,a Came 9uah'

or lieutenant colonels and other officers of the faid ' fhall be perfons having the like qualifications as by the ad, palled ffoation^sVor in the thirty-feventh year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft the fupple-for providing an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercifed rnentary in the manner therein direfted\ and for enabling his Majejly to caufe the fame to be embodied, in cafe of necejfity^for the defence of thefe kingdoms; or by any other ad of parliament refpeding the fup-plementary militia, is required for officers of the fame rank ferv-ing in the faid Jupplementary militia for the faid counties of Cornwall and Devon.

XXL And be it further enaded, That his Majesty may appoint His Majefly one proper perfon, or in cafe the faid regiment fhall be formed maY appoint into two battalions, two proper perfons, who fhall haveferved or thall, at the time of such appointment, adually ferve in fome of regulars, the ffiis Majesty’s forces, or in fome body of militia, or fome volunteer militia, or the corps, to be adjutant or adjutants of the faid regiment; and such volunteer adjutant or adjutants fhall and may have the like privileges, corPs* benefits, and advantages, as an adjutant appointed to any body of militia is entitled to by the laws now in force concerning the militia.

XXII.  And be it furtherenaded, That the colonel of the faid The colonel regiment fhall appoint a regimental clerk, or in cafe the faid to appoint a regiment fhall be divided into two battalions, fhall. appoint two cifrk^to a& battalion clerks, who fhall execute the office of paymafler or as paymafter. paymafters, in the fame manner, and with the like benefits, as

perfons appointed to the like offices by the colonels or commanding officers of regiments or battalions of militia.

XXIII.  And be it further enaded, That the ferjeants, corporals, The ferjeants, and drummers, fhall be appointed to the faid regiment, in the corporals, and

'  11  o  '  flni m  to

fame manner as ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, are appointed appointed to militia regiments; and such ferjeants and corporals fhall take as to militia the fame oath to ferve in the faid regiment of miners as ferjeants regiments* and corporals of militia are, by the faid ad of the twenty-fixth of his Majefly’s reign, required to take to ferve in the militia, changing only what ought to be changed.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded, That all and every the The provi-provifions contained in the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year offions°f.a^s his Majesty’s reign, and in any other ad of parliament concerning the^ilitia the militia forces of England, for holding the feveral general and forces in fubdivifion meetings of lieutenancy of the feveral counties and England, for places therein mentioned, and appointing new or other meetings, holding meet-and for procuring and compelling returns, and proceeding there- extend to this on, and for ballotting men to ferve in the faid militia; and all and fo for as every the powers, provifions, rules, regulations, penalties, and applicable, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, claufes, matters and things contained in the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year of his Majefiy’s

reign, or in any other ad of parliament now in force relative to the raifing, training, embodying, and calling out the faid militia, or providing for the families of militia men called out, or in any ad refpeding the paying, cloathing, or fubfifting the militia.

H H H 4

or

SiS

Maintenance of militia mens families, and bounties, to be repaid out of the county rates.

Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 75. [ 1797-

or touching the billetting the faid militia, or otherwife touching such rpilitia^ (hall be applied, pra&ifed, and put in execution with refpedt to the regiment hereby directed to be railed in as full and ample manner as if all and every such powers, pro-vifions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, and allowances, claufes, matters, and things had been again repeated and enabled in this a£f, fo far as the fame refpeftively are applicable to the provifions of this act, and are not repugnant to or altered thereby.

XXV.  Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enabled, That all and every the fums of money which, according to the provifions made by law for the maintenance of the families of militia men, and by virtue of this a£t, fhall be paid for the maintenance of the families of men ferving in purfuance of this act, and all and every the bounties to. be paid under this a£t, (hall be repaid to every such parifh or place out of the general rates of the county by the treafurer of the county in which such parifh or place fhall happen to be, in purfuance of any order by one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, to be made for that purpose.

CAP. LXXV.

An adt for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.—[June 21, 1798.]

667,9161. 13s. 4d to be raifed by a lottery, to confift of 50,000 tickets at 13I. 7s. 2d. each. All perfons who have made depofits of il. 7s. 2d. for each ticket, purfuant to the refolution of the houfe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcriptions at the times following, viz. 2I. by July 27, 1798.—zl. by Sept. 14,—2I. by Odh 30,—3I. by Nov. 29,—and the remaining 3I. by Jan. 15,1799, and the contributors for each 13I. 7s. 2d. advanced, fhall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; .and those that pay contributions before Nov. 28, to be allowed difcount at 3I. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13I. 7s. 2d. each. Cafhier to give fecurity to the fatisfadtion of the commiflioners of the treafury ; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commifiioners of the treafury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,0001. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any fupplies granted this ftfiion. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the caihiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undilpofed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undilpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up and fcaled. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Three prizes of 2o,oool.—four of io,oool.—five of 5.000I.—five of 2,oool.—ten of i,oool.—fifteen of 500I —thirty of 100L—one hundred of 50I.—and fix-teen thousand nine hundred of 20I.—ioool. to the ticket fir ft drawn a blank.—-50c!. to the ticket firft drawn a blank on the laft day of drawing the lottery. Tickets in the outermoft column of the laft mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Ac. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. ix, 1799. Method to be obferved in drawing, Ac. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Penalty

on

1797-1 Annoregni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 7,5.

on forging tickets, &c. Offenders (not in prifon) difcovering perfons guilty to receive a pardon and fifty pounds reward. Managers to be fworn. Cafhier may receive the Aims fubfcribed; giving a note for the fame, which fhall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13b 7s. 2d. paid. After July 27, 179S, the cafhier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum adfually fublcribed ; and /hall give receipts for the re fid ue of such fums, after deducing the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commiffioners of the treafury may reward the managers, &c. as they iliall think fit. The 500,000k for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this IVffion ; and lha.ll be paid to the pioprietors without any deduction on Aug. 1, 1799. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered and figned, See. Commiffioners of the treafury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this adt. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of 20I. No perfon to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unlefs employed as a clerk, by the managers, or licenfed fo to do. Perfons fo licenfed to receive from the ftamp office numerical books, which fhall be ftamped on every leaf. Commiffioners to grant such licences only on account of licenfed lottery offices. Five pounds penalty on unlicenfed perfons taking down or publifhing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint, the magiftrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the adlual commiffion of such offence, may be apprehended by any perfon, and carried before a magiftrate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. Fifty pounds penalty^ on perfons fummoned or witneffes not appearing, Scc. Commiffioners fhall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unlefs it fhall appear that the party is able to an fiver the penalty required by law, and he fhall have depofited fifty tickets, he. Perfons to whom licences are granted, to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 4.7. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the commiffioners may give up bonds, or put them in fuit. Licences of perfons neglecting to depofit or divide into fhares fifty tickets, to be void; and the defaulters to be publifhed in the Gazette, &c. In cafes where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in such cafes licences granted after the commencement of this adt fhall be void, for offences againlt this adt or 27' Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refilled to perfons convicted. Twenty pounds penalty on perfons continuing on their houfes the words Licenfed, he. after expiration of their licences. Executors, &c. may be authorifed to carry on bufinefs for the refidue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other (hares than halves, quarters, eights, and fixteeenths, on penalty of 20k Perfons conterfeiting fhares, he. guilty of felony. Perfons prepaiing or having in their cuftody, any regifter or lift of tickets, but as in this adt particularized, or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than such lift, to forfeit 50I On complaint on oath of ofi'ences againft 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punifhment as rogues, juftices may authorife perfons to break open houfes. Perfons difeoveredin such houfes concerned in carrying on illegal tranfadtions, to be punifhed as rogues,^and maybe arrefted, &c. Perfons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal tranfadtions, to be detmed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which adtions for penalties (hall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties fued for is not inferted in writs, the defendant to be ferved with a copy of the procefs. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. General iffue. Treble cofts.

C A P. LXXV1.

An aft for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom \ and for granting new and additional duties of cujloms on goods imported and

exportedy

820

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii IIL c. 76. [1797.'

exported, and on the tonnage of certain Jhips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign partsy until the fgning the preliminary articles of peace.—[June 28, 1798.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S it will add to the fecurity of trade to prevent V V fnips failing without convoy, except in certain cafes: and whereas it is expedient that certain duties Jhould he impofedy in order to defray the extraordinary expence arijing from the protection given to the increafed and extenfwe commerce of thefe kingdoms: we, therefore, your Majesty’s moft dutiful and ioyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, have rcfolved to grarit to your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned; and, for the purpofts aforesaid, befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the From July 5, authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July fel^belonging" one ^oufand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it {hall not be to his Majef- lawful for any fhip or veftel belonging to any of his Majesty’s ty’s fubjetts fubjecis (except as is herein-after provided) to fail or depart from (except as any p0rt or place whatever, unlefs under the convoy and protec-vfded)^tcTfail t,on  or fbips, veftel or veflels, as {hall or may be

without con- appointed for that purpose.

voy.  IE  And be it further enadted, That the mafter or other per-

Matters of ^on ftav'ng the charge or command of every such {hip or veftel veftels not to which {hall fail or depart under the protection of convoy, {hall feparate from and is hereby required to ufe his utmoft endeavours to continue convoy with- with such convoy during the whole of the voyage, or during ou ea\e. such part tjiereof as such convoy fhall be directed to accompany and protect such {hip or veftel, and {hall not wilfully feparate or depart therefrom upon any pretence whatever, without order or leave for that purpose from the officer having the command Tf.  of such convoy.

faifs without HI. And be it further enacted, That if any mafter or other convoy, or perfon having the charge or command of any such {hip or veftel feparates from which by this act is required not to fail or depart without convoy, 7f  fhall, contrary to the directions contained in this act, fail or

depart from any port or place whatever (except as herein-after is provided) without such convoy as {hall be appointed for that purpose, or {hall afterwards defert or wilfully feparate or depart from such convoy without leave obtained from the captain or other officer in his Majesty’s navy, entrufted with the charge of such convoy, before such {hip or veftel {hall have arrived at the port or place of her deftination, or fo far on her voyage as such convoy fhall be directed to accompany and protect such fhip or veftel, every such mafter or other perfon having the charge or command of such fhip or veftel, {hall forfeit, for every such offence, the fum of one thousand pounds ; and in cafe the whole or any part of the cargo of any such {hip or veftel fhall confift of

naval

leave, he ftiall forfeit i,oool , and if the cargo be naval or mititary ttores, 1,500!.

1797*1 Annoregnitricefimooftavo Georgii III. c. 76.  821

naval or military ftores, every mafter or other perfon having the charge or command of such (hip or veffel fo loaden with* naval or military (fores, who (hall fail or depart without such convoy as aforesaid, or fhalt afterwards defert, or wilfully fepa-rate or depart from such convoy without leave obtained as aforesaid, (hall forfeit, for every such offence, the fum of one thousand five hundred pounds : provided neverthelefs, That it (hall be mitigated lawful for the court out of which the record for the trial of any  ^

adfion or fuit for the recovery of any such penalty (hall iffue, to mitigate or leffen the fame as the laid court in their difcretion (hall think fit, having regard to the circumftances of the cafe and the value of the (hip and cargo, fo as by such mitigation the penalty be not made lefs than fifty pounds.

IV.  And be it further enadled, That in cafe any such fhip or If a veffid foil veffel {hall fail or depart without convoy, or fhall afterwards without con-defert or wilfully feparate or depart from such convoy, contrary

to the provifions of this adf, every policy ofinfurance, or contradl jt without or agreement for any infurance upon such fhip or veffel, or upon, leave, the in-any goods, wares, or merchandize, laden or to be laden on board furances (hall thereof, or upon any property, freight, or other interefi arifing out of the fame, whereon infurances may lawfully be made, (and pVoperty of which (hall be the property of the mafter or other perfon having the mafter or the charge or command of such (hip or veffel fo failing without any perfon convoy, or wilfully quitting the fame, or of any perfon interefted tc> the in such fhip or veffel, or cargo, who fhall have directed, or [f any perfon have been any way privy to, or inftrumental in, caufing such fhall tranfad: fhip or veffel to fail without convoy, or wilfully feparating there- a fettlement

from), fhall be null and void, to all intents and purposes, both tliereon» or

, n , .  .  0  r r >  allow any mo-

at law and in equity, any contract or agreement to the contrary ney on ac_

notwithftanding ; and that nothing fhall be recovered thereon count of lofs, by the affured for lofs or damage, or for the premium, or con- he (hall forfeit fideration in the nature of a premium, which (hall have been zo°** given for such infurance; and if any party to such infurance, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, any broker, agent, or other perfon, fhall knowingly make or effedl, or procure to be made or effected, or (hall negotiate or tranfadt any fettlement upon such infurance, or pay or allow in account, or agree to pay or allow in account or otherwife, any fum or fums of money upon any lofs, peril, or contingency, relative to any such infurance, every such perfon fha]], for every such offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

V.  And be it further enadled, That it fhall not be lawful for Officers of the anypfficer or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, to permit orfuffer to^ermit vef any ftiip or veffel which is by this adt required not to fail or felstobeclear-depart without convoy, to be cleared outwards from any port or ed outwards, place in Great Britain to foreign parts, until the mafter or other untd the maf-perfon having the charge or command of such fhip or veffel, (hall tfon^not^to1 have given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceft'ors, with faij without one fufficient furety, in the penalty of the value of such fhip or convoy, and veffel, which bond (hall be taken by the colledlor or other prin- not to feparate cipal officer of the cuftoms at such port or place, who is hereby froin

authorifed

SZ2,

Aft not to extend to certain veffels.

No fee to be taken for licences.

Aft not to extend to vef-fels failing from foreign ports, See. if there fhall not be any convoy appointed.

Admiralty to give notice in the Gazette, Ax. that

Anno regni tricefimo o6tavo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797*

authorifed and required to take such fecurity, with condition that such {hip or veffel (hall not fail or depart without convoy, contrary to the directions contained in 'this a6t, and (hall not after^ wards defert, or wilfully feparate or depart from such convoy without leave obtained from the captain or other officer in his Majesty’s navy, intruded with the charge of such convoy, before such fhip or veffel (hall have arrived at her port or place of defti-nation, or fo far on her voyage as such convoy fhall be appointed to accompany and proteft such fhip or veffel.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this aft contained, by which fbips or veffels are required not to fail or depart without convoy, fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any fhip or veffel which is not required to be regif-tered,by any aft or afts of parliament in force on or immediately before the paffmg of this aft, or to any fhip or veffel for which a licence fhall be granted to fail or depart without convoy, either by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, or any three or more of them, or by such perfon or perfons as fhall be duly authorifed by him or them, or any three or more of them, for that purpose, or to any fhip or veffel proceeding with due diligence to join convoy from thevport or place at which the fame fhall be cleared outwards, in cafe such convoy fhall be appointed to fail from fome other port or place, except neverthelefs as to the bond hereby required to be taken upon the clearance outwards of such fhip or veffel, or to any fhip or veffel bound to or from arty port or place within the kingdom of Ireland, or to any (hip or veffel bound from any port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port or place within the fame, or to any fhip or veffel belonging to, or hired by, or in the fer-vice or employ of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or the Hudfon's Bay company.

VII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That no fee, gratuity, or reward, fhall be demanded or received for any licence granted in purfuance or under the authority of this aft.

VIII.  Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any fhip or vefiel failing or departing without convoy from any foreign port or place, nor to fubjeft the mafter thereof, or any other perfon, to any of the rules, regulations, provifions, penalties, or forfeitures, hereby preferibed, direfted and impofed, in cafe there fhall not beany convoy appointed for such fhips or veffels, nor any perfon or perfons at such foreign port or place, duly authorifed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, or any three or more of them, to appoint convoys for such fhips or veffels, or to grant licences to such fhips or veffels to fail or depart without convoy.

IX.  And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be law* ful to and for the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral tor

the

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo GeorgiiIII. c. 76.  823

the time being, or any three or more of them, or such perfon as matters (hall fhall be duly authorifed by him or them, or any three or more of to'anfwer them, for that purpose, to give notice that all matters and other finals, with-perfons having the charge or command of any (hips or veffels out which which are by this aft required not to fail or depart without con- they fhall not voy, fhall have on board their refpeftive fhips or vettels such flags, vanes, or other materials as (hall be neceflary for the purpose of dittinguifhing such fhips or vettels, and of enabling such matters or other perfons to anfwer the ttgnal or fignals made by the captain or other officer in his Majesty’s navy intrutted with the care of such convoy ; such flags, vanes, or other materials to be provided by such matters and other perfons having the charge and command of any fhips or vettels which are required by this aft not to fail without convoy ; which notice fhall be inferted in the London Gazette, and tranfmitted to the commif-fioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland, in order to the fame being by them lent to the principal officers of the cuftoms at the feveral ports for the information of the perfons concerned, and that after such notice no such fhip or vettel fhall be permitted to be cleared outwards until it fhall appear, to the fatisfaftion of the proper officer of the cuftoms, that the fhip is provided with such flags, vanes, or other materials.

' X. And be it further enacted, That.fo much of an aft, palled

in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majetty, inti- c?66. as**

tuled, An aCi for the encouragement of feamen, and for the better makes cap-

and ?nore effectually manning his Majefifs navy, as enafts. That if tains under

the captain of any merchant (hip under convoy fhall wilfully

difobey fignals or inftruftions, or any other lawful commands of jn the court ot

the commander of the convoy, or fhall defert the convoy with- admiralty for

out notice given and leave obtained for that purpose, he (hall be difobeying

liable to be articled againfl in the high court of admiralty, at the

fuit of the crown, for difobedience to the orders of the convoy, ev vep_

and upon conviftion thereof fhall be . fined, at the difcretion of fel required to

the faid court, in any fum not exceeding five hundred pounds, fail with con-

and fhall fuflfer such imprifonment, not exceeding one year, as voy,onpenalty

the faid court fhall adjudge, fhall be painted on a board, and *

affixed on fome confpicuous and convenient part of every fhip or

vettel Which by this aft is required not to fail or depart without

convoy; and that in default thereof every matter or other perfon,

having the charge or command of any such fhip or vettel, (hall

forfeit, for every such offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

XI.  And be it further enafted, That if any fhip or vettel, Matters of

which by this aft is required not to fail or depart without con-  “

voy, fhall be in imminent danger of being boarded or taken boarded

pofTeffion of by the enemy, the matter, or other perfon having enemy, to7

the charge or command of such (hip, fhall make fignals, by firing make fignals

guns, or otherwife, to convey information of his danger to the t,° reA o'  7  .  /  #  o  theconvov

reft of the convoy, as well as to the fhips of war under the pro- and ^ ^

teftion of which he is failing ; and that in cafe of such fhip being ed, to deftroy

boarded and taken pofleffion of, be fhall deftroy ail inftruftions inftruftions,

confided to him relating to the convoy; and every matter, or on penalty of

r IOCl.

per(on

824 AnnoregnitricefimoodlavoGEORGii HT. c. 76. [1797.

perfon having the charge and command of such vefTel, who (hall negledl to make such fignals, or fhall wilfully omit to deftroy such inftru6tions as before mentioned, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds.

A61 not to ex-  XII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no-

failing°fromCS thing in this a6t contained with refpeft to ihips or veffels failing Guernfcy, &c. or departing without convoy, or afterwards deferting, or wil-on or before fully Separating or departing from such convoy, fhall extend, or Aug. 5 ; from j-,e conftrued to extend, to any (hip or veftel which fhall fail or m Eurorn-^ ori ^ePart f,orn ^ands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or or before * Man, or either of them, for or on account of such failing or de-Sept. 5; in parture, on or before the fifth day of Angufl one thousand seven the Weft In- hundred and ninety-eight, or from any other port or place in rica Tn orbe- ^uroPe5 on or before the fifth day of September one thousand seven fore*061. 5; hundred and ninety-eight, or from any port or place in the Weft and in Africa Indies, or any other part of America, on or before the fifth day of °r ®fl°l}er one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or from nv f>any port or p|ace in Africa or Ajia, on or before the fifth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

"Recovery and Xill. And be it further enabled, That one moiety of all pe-application ofeuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby impofed, as far as the

before Nov. 5,. 1798.

penalties.

His Majesty’s attorney general in England and ad-

fame relate to (hips or veffels failing without convoy, or wilfully feparating or departing from such convoy, or to infurances, fhall (if fued for within the fpace of one year from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon or perfons who fhall inform or fue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which fhall and may fie fued for in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeftminJler for offences committed in England, or at fea, or in parts beyond the feas, and in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efioin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; and in default of profecution within the time herein-before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture fhall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England or advocate in Scotland, by information in the refpedtive courts aforesaid, in which cafe the whole of such penalty or forfeiture fhall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and that all penalties and forfeitures, and (hares of penalties and forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefibrs, fhall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeblively, for the time being, and be appropriated and applied in the fame manner, and to the fame ufes and purposes, as the duty of tonnage on fhips by this a61 impofed is direbted to be appropriated and applied.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe any such profecution fhall be commenced by any perfon or perfons for the recovery of any such penalty or forfeiture as

aforefaid,

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 76*  825

aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty’s attorney vocateinScot-general in England or advocate in Scotland, in cafe it fhall appear ^o^eeffin to their fatisfa&ion refpebtiveiy that such penalty or forfeiture profecu-was incurred without any intention of fraud, to (fop all further tions. proceedings on every such profecution, as well with refpebf to the (bare of such penalty or forfeiture to which any such perfon may claim to be entitled, as to the fhare thereof belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, upon such terms neverthe-lefs, as to cofis and othenvife, as such attorney general or advo-. cate fhall think reafonable.

XV.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, there (hall be raifedr levied, collected, and paid unto his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceftors, upon any goods, wares, or merchandize imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain from foreign parts, and upon any goods, wares, or merchandize exported from the kingdom of Great Britain to foreign parts, the feveral new and additional duties of cuftoms as the fame are refpe&ively Inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in figures in the tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.), (B.), (C.), and (D.), except as herein-after is provided.

XVI.  And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where by the table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), the new and additional duties of cuftoms by this abl impofed upon the importation of goods, wares, and merchandize into this kingdom, are charged not according to the weight, tale, gauge, or meafure, but according to the value thereof, such value fhall be taken and confidered as the fame fhall be at the port of importation, without any abatement or deduction whatever, except of fo much as the duties payable on the importation thereof by this or any other abt of parliament fhall amount to ; and that such value (hall be afcertained, except as herein-after is provided, by the declaration of the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, fo imported, or of his known agent or fablor, in the manner and form, and under all the rules and regulations, and fubjecl to the fame forfeitures and penalties as are prefcribed, direbled, and impofed for afcertaining and collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an abt pafted in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for other purposes; and in cafe such goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this a61, then it fhall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms to caufe the fame to be detained, and the faid goods, wares, or merchandize fhall be dealt with, and the proper officers of the cuftoms fhall proceed in every refpebt in the manner prefcribed in such cafe by the faid recited ad.

XVII.  And be it further enabled, That if upon the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, on which the new

and

From July, 5, 1798, the additional duties of cuftoms in the annexed tables, A. B. C, and D. to be paid.

Where, by table (A.),the duties are charged according to value, it ihall be taken as at the port of importation, deducting duties, and afcertained according to 27 Geo. 3. c. 13 £ and if not truly valued, the goods may be detained by the officers of the cuftoms, &c.

If the real value cannot be afcertained without the



826 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797* goods being and additional duties of cuftoms hereby impofed are charged,ill examined^a ta^e hereunto annexed, marked (A.), according to the va-depofit to*fe- ^ue thereof, the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or cure the new merchandize, his known agent or faftor, {hall not be able - tQ; duties may be make an entry of such goods, wares, or merchandize, accord-wh^n^Per 'nS t0 true anc^ rea^ va^ue thereof, without the fame being tained the du-lan^ed and examined, such importer, proprietor, agent, or fac-ties to be paid tor, (hall, upon making oath before the colleftor or comptroller before delivery 0f the cuftoms at the pprt of importation, that he is not enabled of the goods; ro afcertain the true and real value thereof in the manner hereinbefore prefcribed, be at liberty to make a depofit fufticient to fecure the new and additional duties hereby impofed, and the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall in such cafe, as foon as may be after the examination thereof, be ascertained by the declaration of such importer, proprietor, agent, or faftor, in the manner and fuhjeft to the rules, regulations, forfeitures, and penalties, herein-before directed, and the faid new and additional duties fhall be paid (except as herein-after is provided) and if their before the delivery of such goods, wares, or merchandize; and value cannot ,-f t|ie value of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, imported

be afcertained j^o this kingdom, cannot, after examination thereof, be afcer-wnhout being .  . r &  5  ,  ,  ,  ,  r  .

fold, they may tamed, lo as to enable the importer or proprietor thereof, or his

be delivered known agent or faftor, to make an entry according to the true for that pur- and rea| value thereof, without the faid goods, wares, or mer-ment°of^he' C^anc^ize^ being publickly fold, and the fame (ball be made ap-former duties, Pear to r^e fatisfaftion of the commiflioners of his Majesty’s &c.  cuftoms, or any three or more of them, in England or Scotland

refpeftively, the faid goods, wares, and merchandize, after payment of the duties charged thereon by any former aft or afts of parliament in force, on or immediately before the palling of this a61, fhall and may be delivered for the purpose of being fo publickly fold, such depofit being made as aforesaid, and the entry of such goods, wares, or merchandize fhall in such cafe be completed within seven days after such fale, and the new and additional duties hereby impofed fhall be paid upon the value thereof, according to the price at which such goods, wares, or merchandize (hall have been fo publickly fold, without any abatement or deduction whatever, except of fo much as the duties payable on the importation thereof, by this or any other aft of parliament, fhall amount to, such price to be afeertained by the oath of the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or of his known agent or factor, before the collector or comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of importation : Duties not to provided always, That nothing in this aft fhall extend, or be extend to cer- conftrued to extend, to charge with the new and additional du-taina,tices, tjes Gf cu{foms hereby impofed, the following articles ; that is to fay, Bullion imported or exported, frefh fi(h, Britijh taken, ;and imported in BritiJb-buWt fhips or vefTels owned, navigated,

, ‘and regiftered according to law, turbots and lobfters however itaken or imported, corn or grain imparted, fugar imported from any part of the united ftates of America, and warehoufed fugar

having

r797-3 Anno regni.tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 76.  S27

having been fo imported and warehoufed, exported from such warehoufe, cinnamon, cloves, mace, or nutmegs, furs and (kins of the produce of and imported from any Eritijh colony or plantation in 'America^ Spanijh wool imported, tobacco, coffee, nor *0 tobac-cocoa nuts, or rice, imported and warehoufed, unlefs and until such pQ^d and" tobacco, fugar, coffee, cocoa nuts, or rice, fhali be taken out of such warehoufed warehoufe for the purpose of being ufed or confumed in this king* until taken out •derm, in which cafe the faid new and additional duties (hall be paid for homecou-to the proper officer of the cuftoms, before such tobacco, coffee, iumPtl0n-cocoa nuts, or rice, (hall be delivered out of such warehoufe, for the purpose of being fo ufed or confumed in this kingdom.

' XVIII. And be it further enabled. That in cafes where by  V*the

the table hereunto annexed, marked (B ), the new and addi- ^ties upon C tional duties of cuftoms hereby impofed upon goods, wares, and goodsimport-merchandize, imported by the united company of merchants of ed by the Eaft England trading to the Eajl Indies, are charged, not according to India com* the weight, tale, gauge, or meafure, but according to the value charU^ac-thereof, such vaiue (hall be afcertained by the grofs price at which cording to the such goods, w^ares, or merchandize, (hall be fold at the publick value, it lhall fales of the faid company, and the faid new and additional duties ascertained (hall be paid thereon as the fame are inferted, defcribed, and fet price aftheir forth in the faid table marked (B.)  publick fales.

XIX.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Additional new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby impofed upon goods, duties on wares, and merchandize imported by the faid united company of goods import-merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, (hall be due com^^ and payable upon all such goods, wares, and merchandize, as pony, to be (hall, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven payable on all hundred and ninety-eight, be fold at the publick fales of the faid fold at their company, and (hall be paid or fecured in such manner, and at publick a es such times, and fubjecft to such rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, as are prefcribed and dire<5ted, with rofpedt to the payment of any former duties impofed by any ad( or a<fts of parliament in force on or immediately before the paffing of this a£(,

upon such goods, wares, and merchandize, refpe&ively imported by the faid company.

XX.  Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That nothing in this Additional

a<51 contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge  on

with the new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby impofed, goods import-any goods, wares, or merchandize, which are already, or (hall ed by the Ealt be imported by the united company of merchants of England Mia com-trading to the Eojl Indies, on or before the fifth day of July one beforeTul™" thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.  1793.  *  *

XXL And be it further enadted, That the value of all goods, \yjlere by wares-, and merchandize, imported or brought into this king-table (A.), dom, and condemned as prize, and on which the new and addi- prize goods tional duties of cuftoms are by this act impofed and charged in a[e to the table hereunto annexed, marked,(A.), not according to the cor^g t0 ~ weight, tale, gauge, or meafure, but according to the value their value, it thereof, (hall be afcertained by the grofs price at w'hich such* fhali he afcer-goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be publickly fold, without rice^at

from July 5, 179s-

any dedudlion or abatement whatever. Vol. XLI.  I  1  1

which pub-

XXII. Andlickly (old.



828 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 76. [1797.

Where, by XXII. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where by the^duUes on ta^e hereunto annexed, marked (C.), the new and addi-the exporta- *i°nal duties of cuftoms by this a£l impofed upon the exportation tion of goods of goods, wares, and merchandize from this kingdom, are are charged charged not according to the weight, tale, gauge, or meafure, but according to the value thereof, such value {hall be taken and confidered as the fame (hall be at the port of exportation, without any deduction or abatement whatever, except of fo much as the duties of cuftoms and excife paid or payable by this or any other a61 of parliament on any such goods, wares, or merchandize (hall amount to; and that such value fhall be afcertained (except as herein-after is provided) by the declaration of the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, and merchandize, or of his known agent or fadlor, in the manner and form, and under all the rules and regulations, and fubjedl to the fame forfeitures and penalties as are prefcribed, diredled, and impofed, for afcertaining and collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an act paiTed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for ether purposes; and in cafe such goods, wares, or merchandize fhall not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to tlve true intent and meaning, of this a6t, then it fhall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms to caufe the fame to be detained ; and the faid goods,

' wares, or merchandize fhall be dealt with, and the proper officers of the cuftoms (hall proceed in every refpe£t in the manner prefcribed in such cafe by the faid recited a£h If on entry of XXIII And be it further enadfed. That if at the time of such goods for making the entry for the exportation of any goods, wares, or

according to the value, it ill all be taken as at the port of exportation. dedufr-ingthe duties; and if not truly valued, they may be detained by the officers of the cuftoms, &c.

exportation the exporter cannot aider-tain the true value, they may be exported, on giving bond in treble the

merchandize, on which the new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby impofed, are charged in the table hereunto annexed, marked (C.), according to the value thereof, the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize fo entered for exportation, his known agent or fadlor, {ball not be able to afeertain the true and real value thereof, such exporter, proprietor, agent, or fa£tor fhall, upon making oath thereof before amount of the the col!e£tor or comptroller of the cuftoms at the port of ex-iuppoted va- p0rtatl0n^ be permitted to (hip and export such goods, wares.

the*duties in or merchandize, upon giving bond to his Adajefty, his heirs and three months, fuccefibrs, with one fufficient furety, in treble the amount of the &<-*.  fuppofed  or eftimated duty on the value of such goods, wares,

or merchandize, conditioned for the payment of the new and additional duties hereby impofed, within three calendar months, according to the true and real value thereof, to be afcertained in the manner herein-before dire£ted, and for producing the invoice and bills of parcels, and such other documents as fhall be required by the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any three or more of them, in England and Scotland refpedlively, in cafe the produ&ion thereof fhall be thought neceffary by the faid commiffioners refpcdtively, for the purpose of afcertaining the

true

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 76.  829

true and real value of such goods, wares, or merchandize lb exported as aforefaid.

XXIV.  Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained New duties

fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the new  *C

and additional duties of cuftoms hereby impofed, any goods, the produc-wares, or merchandize of the growth, produftion, or manu-tion of Ireland fafture of the kingdom of Ireland, imported direftly from thence importedfrom into this kingdom; nor to charge with the faid new and addi- th^Hn^dom tional duties any goods, wares, or merchandize whatfoever,  goods°ex-

exported from this kingdom to the kingdom of Ireland; 'or any ported to Ire-goods, wares, or merchandize imported from, or exported to land, nor to Hudfons Bay by the Hudfon s Bay company ; nor to charge with

the new and additional duties of cuftoms by this aft impofed, exp0rte<j to any goods, wares,, or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or Hudfon’sBay manufacture, of the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, by the com* or Man, upon the importation thereof into the kingdom of Great ParJ7? nor Britain direftly from the faid iflands refpeftively, in cafe such froi^Guern-goods, wares, or merchandize, were allowed by any aft or afts fey, &c. of parliament in force, on or immediately before the pafling of this aft, to be imported without the payment of any cuftoms or other duties, except such excife or other duty as is now or fhall hereafter for the time being be due and payable for the like goods of the growth, produce, and manufacture of Great Britain, but that all luch goods, wares, and merchandize, may be fo imported as aforesaid, if accompanied by the proper certificates, without payment of the faid new and additional duties, fubjeft neverthe-lefs to all the rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which the fame are liable when imported from the faid iflands without payment of the cuftoms or other duties as aforefaid under the authority of any aft or afts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pafting of this aft.

XXV.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That nothing not to exin this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to Ported*'to^ charge with the new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby tjie jfle Gf impofed, any* goods, wares, or merchandizes exported from Man, by au-this kingdom to the IJle of Man, which fhall be fo exported by thorny of the virtue and under the authority of any licence which the commif- of^ufto*m^erS fioners of Majesty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland, or any three norto exporter more of them refpeftively, are or may be by law authorifed ed cotton ma-and empowered to grant, nor to charge with the faid duties any nufafture or cotton yarn, or other cotton manufadiures, being of the manu- (jrcat liain> fafture of Great Britain, exported from this kingdom to any port

or place whatever.

XXVI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That nothing nor to certain in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to art,cles excharge with the new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby Newfound-impofed, the following articles exported from this kingdom to land.

the ifland of Newfoundland; videlicet, Any fort of craft, food, viftuals, cloathing, or other goods fit and needfary for the Bri-tijh flfhery eftablifhed in the faid ifland, or for the ufe or fupport of the mariners or other perfons employed on board the veffels,

1 1 1 2  or

83°

Importers of the produce of the Newfoundland fifbery, directly from Newfoundland. may give bond in treble the fuppofed duty that it fhall be exported, orthat the additional duties (hall be paid in a year.

On payment of duties on entry for exportation, a difcount to be allowed.

Perfons making a falfe declaration of the value of goods fliipt for exportation, to forfeit the true value.

Fees not to be taken for any additional entry on account of new duties.

Bonds not chargeable with damp duty.

The commif-fioners of the cujtoms may order entry to be amended of goods detained on account of not being duly valued, upon filch terms as they think fit, and if accept-

Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgii''III. c. 76. [1797*

or on fhore, in carrying on the faid'fifhery: provided alfo, That it fhall and may be lawful for the importer, proprietor, or con-fignee, of any fifh, oil, blubber, feal fkins, or other produce of the Britijh Newfoundland fifhery, imported into this kingdom, diredtly from the ifland of Newfoundland, to give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, with one iufficient furety in the penalty of treble the amount of the fuppofed or eftimated duty on fitch fifh, oil, or other produce as aforesaid, with condition that such fifh, oil, or other produce of the faid ftfhery, fhall be duly-exported from this kingdom, or that the new and additional duties of cuftoms by this adt impofed on the importation thereof, (hall be paid within twelve calendar months from the date of such bond, which bond fhall be taken by the collector of the cuftoms at the port of importation, who is hereby authorifed and required to take such bond.

XXVII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That in all cafes where the new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby impofed upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be paid down in ready money at' the time of making the entry, a difcount at and after the rate of two pounds and ten (hillings for every hundred pounds of the amount of such duties fhall be allowed and deducted therefrom.

XXVIII.  And be it further enadted, That if any exporter or proprietor of any goods, wares, or merchandize entered for exportation, his known agent or fadtor, fhall knowingly and fraudulently make anv falfe declaration of the value of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, after the fame fhall have been allowed to be fhipped for exportation, every such exporter, proprietor, agent, or factor {hall, for every such offence, forfeit a ium equal to the true and real value of all such goods, wares, or merchandize.

XXIX.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the fees due and payable by law, at and immediately before the paffing of this adt, upon any entry or cocl^et inwards or outwards, fhall not be demanded or taken by or for the ufe of any officer of his Majesty’s cuftoms, for any additional entry required to be made on account of the new and additional duties impofed by this pdf.

XXX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That no bond to be taken in purfuance of this adt, fhall be chargeable with any of the duties upon damped vellum, parchment, or paper; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithffanding.

XXXI.  And be it further enadted, That in cafe any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which the faid new and additional duties of cuftoms are hereby impofed, fhall be detained by any officer of the cuftoms on account of the fame not being valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, it fhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, upon proof being made to their

fatisfadtion



1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 76.  .  S31

fatisfa&ion that no fraud was intended, to diredf the entry to be ed the propri-amended upon such terms and conditions as, under the cireum- be°ent]tlednto fiances of the cafe, {hall appear to the faid commiflioners of the damages. cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively to be reafonable, and as they fhall think fit to dire<51: provided always, That if the importer, exporter, or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall accept the terms or conditions prefcribed by the faid commiftloners of the cuftoms refpedlively, such importer, exporter, or proprietor (hall not have or be entitled to any re-compence or damage on account of the detention of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or have or maintain any adlion whatever for the fame; any law, cuftom, or uf2ge, to the contrary not-withftandi ng.

XXXII.  And be it further ena£led, Thgt, from and after the From July 5,

fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, ^iesof^onna11" there {hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the irftable^E1)6 life of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, the feveral duties on to be paid on {hips and vellels, according to the tonnage thereof, entering yeflels enter-outwards or inwards at any port within the kingdom of Great ^/j^u^ard^3 Britain, to or from foreign parts, as the fame are refpedtively GreatBritain inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the table hereunto from foreign annexed, marked (E,), except as herein-after is provided.  parts.

XXXIII.  And be it further enaefted, That the feveral duties Tonnage du-

of tonnage hereby impofed on {hips and veffels entering outwards ties PaYable w  j  l  #  r  o  everv vov3src

or inwards to or from foreign parts, {hall be due and payable to an(j ^ 6 9

the proper officer appointed to receive the fame, each and every computed ac-

voyage any such fhip or veflel {hall fo enter outwards or inwards cording to 26

at any port within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the ^eo* 2* c- 6o*

tonnage of every such (hip or veflel (hall be computed and taken

according to the regifter thereof, under the provifions of an a£l,

pafled in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majesty’s reign,

intituled. An a£l for the further in ere ofe and encouragement of

Jhipping and navigation; and in cafe of any doubt or difpute

relative thereto, the fame fhall be afeertained by admeafurement,

in the mode and manner prefcribed and diredled by the faid a6f.

XXXIV.  And be it further enabled, That no fhip or veftel N° veflel to upon which the tonnage duty by this a <Si impofed is due and j toward ^till payable, {hall be permitted to be cleared inwards in any port of the tonnage this kingdom, unlefs the faid tonnage duty fhall have been firfhdutyis paid, duly paid to the proper officer of the cuftoms to receive the fame; an^ ^ .not and in cafe such duty fhall not be fo paid within thirty days from

the report of any fhip or veflel arriving from foreign parts, it the veflel, &c. fhall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Majesty’s may be de-cuftoms in England for the time being, or any four or more  anc*

them, or for the commiflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in 10 '

Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, if they fhall think fit, to caufe such fhip or veflel, and her mafts, tackle, apparel, and furniture, to be detained, and afterwards fold pub-lickly to the bed bidder, and the produce thereof to be applied firft to the charges that fhall arife by such detention and fale, next to the tonnage duty impofed by this a£t, and the overplus

1 1 1 3  to

No veflel to be entered outwards for foreign parts, unlefs the tonnage duty

Anno regni tricefimo o6lavo Georgii III. c. 76. [17^7.

to be paid to the proprietor of such (hip or veflel, or other perfon duly authorifed by such proprietor to receive the fame; and that it (hall not be lawful for the collector or other officer of the cuftoms at any port in this kingdom, to permit any (hip or veffel to be entered outwards for foreign parts, or any cocket or entry to pafs for any goods, wares, or merchandize to be fhipped on

has been paid. ^0ard any such (hip or veflel, unlefs the tonnage duty hereby impofed on such fhip or veflel fhall have been ftrft duly paid:

this a6t fhall extend, or be

in

Tonnage duty provided always, Tha

to Vfl'ds^not con^ruc(^ to extend, to charge the tonnage duty hereby impofed

nothing

veil'd s in baliaft.

Duties to be under the management of the com-miflioners of cuftoms.

Additional duties to be managed as

required to ce on-any Britijh-built fhip or veflel, or on any fhip or veflel owned regiftered, nor bv Britijh fubjedls, which is not required to be regiflered by any aif or a6ts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pafting of this a61, or on any fhip or veflel whatever which fhall enter outwards or inwards in ballad only.

XXXV.  And be it further enadfed, That such of the new and additional duties of cuftoms, and of the duties of tonnage by this aeft impofed, as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called England, fhall be under the management of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being; and such thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

XXXVI.  And be it further ena&ed, That the new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby impofed fhall and may be

former duties, managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, colledled, anfwered, paid, and the goods (ecured, and recovered in such and the like manner, and in and to t^he rules^to anY an^ either of the ways, means, or methods by which any which goods of the .duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, or merchandize impofed liable to cuf- and payable by the (aid herein-before recited a6t, palled in the tom duties twenty-feventh year of his prelent Majesty’s reign, or by any u Je •  other a61 or a6ts of parliament in force on or immediately before

the palling of this a61, 'were or might be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, fecured, and recovered; and the goods, wares, and merchandize fo by this a6t made chargeable with the laid new and additional duties of cuftoms, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftri6lions, penalties, and forfeitures to which any goods, wares, or merchandize upon which any duties of cuftoms are impofed and payable, were fubjecl and liable by any a6f or a6ts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pafting of this a6f, and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any a6t or a61s of parliament in force on or immediately before the pafting of this a6f, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and directions therein contained, fhall and are hereby dire6ted and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpeclively applied, pradtifed, and put in execution for and in refpc6t of the new and additional duties of cuftoms hereby charged, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, in as

full

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Grorgii IJI. c. 76.  833

full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the faid atls, claufes, provilions, powers, dire&ions, pains, penalties, and- forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-ena£led in the body of this prefent a£L

XXXVII.  And be it further enacted, That all the monies Dudes to be arifing by the new and additional duties of cu(loms, and the j^cheavier e duties of tonnage impofed by this adl, (hall from time to time be‘feparate from paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, diftindlly and other monies, apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that

there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid refpetftive duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforesaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, upon any account whatever; and the faid monies fo paid into the faid receipt, (hall be fubjedt and liable to the ufes and purposes herein-after mentioned.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enadled, That all the monies Application arifing from the duties by this a£I impofed, (hall, together with ot duties, any other, rates and duties, granted or to be granted in this feffion

of parliament, not exceeding in the whole the fum of (even millions, from time to time as the fame (hall be paid into the faid receipt, be iffiied and applied to such fervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feffion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and the commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorifed and empowered to ilTue and apply the fame accordingly.

XXXIX.  And be it further enacted, That if any a£lion or fuit Limitation of (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for a<ftions.

any thing done in purfuance of this adl, such adlion or fuit (hall

be commenced within three calendar months next after the fadt

committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the county or

place where the Caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere; *

and the defendant or defendants in every such action or fuit may General iflue.

plead the general iflue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter

in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury (hall

find for the defendant or defendants in any such a&ion or fuit, or

if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his,

her, or their action or fuit after the defendant or defendants (hall

have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given

againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall

have treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as any Treble coils.

defendant hath in any other cafes to recover cofts by law.

XL. And be it further enadted, That this a61 ihall be and Continuance continue in force until the figning the preliminary articles of °* ac * peace, and no longer.

iii4  TABLE

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the goods, wares, and merchandize, therein enumerated or defcribed, imported or brought into this kingdom, not being imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

INWARDS. * •

LMONDS, VIZ.

-  bitter almonds, the hundred weight

-  Jordan almonds, the hundred weight of any other fort, the hundred weight

Aloes, viz.

•  ---epatica, the hundred pounds

-----fuccotrina, the hundred pounds

Alum, viz. foch alum, the hundred weight Anchovies, the barrel containing fixteen pounds of fifh Annifeeds. See Seed.

Angelica root, the hundred pounds

Annotto, the hundred pounds  -

Antimonium crudum, the hundred weight - -

Aqua fortis, the hundred weight

Argol, the hundred weight  -  -  -

Arfenic, the hundred weight

Afhes, viz.

-----pearl allies, the hundred weight

•  --- pot allies, the hundred weight

Affa foetida, the hundred pounds Balfam, viz.

-----artificial, the pound  -

-----copaivse, the pound  -

----- natural, the pound

Barilla, the hundred weight  -

Bark, viz.

-----cortex peruvianus,or jefuits bark, the pound

-----oak bark, the hundred weight

Bayberries, the hundred weight Bees wax. See Wax.

Blubber. See Oil.

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books, viz.

-----bound books, the hundred weight

—— unbound books, the hundred weight Boxes, viz.

-----neft boxes, the grofs containing 12 dozen nefts,

each neft containing eight boxes

-----pill boxes, the grofs containing twelve dozen

nefts,, each neft containing four boxes

DUTY.

£■  s.  d.

0  I  10

O  5  10

0  2  5

0  3  0

0  4  0

0  0  11

0  1  2 i

0  1  6

0  18  0

0  1  2 -  a

0  2  8.i

0  1  IO

0  1  10

0  1  4

0  1  2t

0  4  6

0  0  

0  0  3

0  0  1

0  v 1  6

0  0  1

0  0  2

0  0  10

094

048

Olio

o i 21-Boxes

Boxes continued,

■ — land boxes, the grofs containing twelve dozen boxes  -  -

Brandy. See Spirits.

Brazil wood, the ton containing twenty hundred weight  -  -  -

Brimftone, the hundred weight Briftles, rough or undreffed, the dozen pounds Bugle, viz. great bugle, the hundred pounds Bullion, or foreign coin, of gold or filver. Free. Cambogium, or gutta gainbia, the hundred pounds Camphire, viz.

-----refined, the pound  -

unrefined, the pound

Candles of wax, the pound Cantharides, the pound Capers, the hundred pounds Cardemoms, the pound Caflia fiftula, the hundred weight Caflia lignea, the pound Caftor oil. See Oil.

Caftorum, the pound  -

Cheefe, the hundred weight

Cinnamon, the pound  ...

Clover feed. See Seed.

Cloves, the pound  ...

Cochineal, the pound  -  -

Cocoa nuts, the hundred weight Coffee, the hundred weight Copperas, viz.

-----green, the hundred weight

-----white, the hundred weight

Cordage, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight Corn and grain. Free.

Cork, the hundred weight Cotton wool. See Wool.

Cotton yarn. See Yarn.

Cream of tartar, the hundred weight Currants, the hundred weight Down, the hundred pounds Elephants teeth, the hundred weight Feathers.for beds, the hundred weight Figs, the. hundred weight

Fifh, viz. frefh fifh, Britifh taken, and imported in Britifh built (hips or veflels. Free.

Flax, rough or undreffed, the ton containing twenty hundred weight -

DUTY.    

  s.  d:

O  0  4

2  8  0

O  0  9

O  0  5

O  7  0

0  9  0

O  0  

O  0  It

0  0  1

0  0  7

0  3  6

0  0  1

0  1  4

0  0  1

0  0  2

0  0  11

0  0  4

0  0  

0  0  IO

0  2  9

0  3  4

0  0  2

0  1  6

I  1  8

0  0  7

0  3  4

0  1  

0  6  -6

a  *5  0

0  5  4

0  1  10

1  1  O

Fuftic,

Anno

INWARDS.

Fuftic, the hundred weight Galls, the hundred weight Geneva. See fpirits.

Gentian, the hundred pounds Ginger, the hundred weight Ginfang, the hundred pounds Goofe quills. See quills.

Gum, viz.

-----arabic, the hundred weight

-----armoniac, the hundred weight

-----copal, the hundred pounds

—...... guiaci, the hundred pounds'

-----fenega, the hundred weight

*----tragagantlf; the pound

Hair, viz.

-----cow, or ox hair, the hundred weight

-----horfe hair, the pound

-----human hair, the pound

Hats, viz.

-----baft or ftraw hats or bonnets, the dozen

-----chip, cane, or horfe hair hats, or bonnets, the

dozen  -

Hemp, rough or undreffed, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Hides, viz.

-----horfe hides, the hide

-----lofti hides, the pound

-----cow or ox hides, the hide

Indico, viz.

-----of the produce of any Britifh colony or plantation, the hundred pounds

-----of the produce of any part of the united ftates

of America, the hundred pounds

-----of the produce of any other country or place,

the hundred pounds Ireland. Goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, production, or manufacture of the kingdom of Ireland, imported directly from thence. Free.

Iron, viz. in bars or unwrought, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Ifinglafs, the hundred pounds Juniper berries, the hundred w&ight Kid /kins. See Skins.

Lamb fkins. See Skins.

DUTY.    

£  , Ss  d.

0  O  1

O  4  1

O  1  9

O  1  6

O  5  0

0  3  0

0  10  10

0  7  6

0  7  0

0  4  10

0  0  I*

0  1  6

0  0  1

0  0  2

0  0  3

0  0  3

0  19  3

0  0  Si

0  0  1

0  0  5

0  *5  0

0  10  0

I  2  6

o 10 10 059 o o 10

Lead



^797*3 Anno regni tricefimo o6lavo Georgii III. c. 7

Table (A)—continued. INWARDS*

DUTY.

Lead, viz.

----black lead, the hundred weight

----white lead, the hundred weight

Lemons, the thousand  -  -

Linen, viz.

----cambricks and French lawns, the half piece

containing fix and an half ells •-----canvafs, viz.

—  heffens canvafs, or Dutch barras, the one

hundred and twenty ells

—  packing canvafs, guttings, fpruce, elbing, or

Queenfborough canvafs, the one hundred and twenty ells

----drillings, and pack duck, the one hundred and

twenty ells  -  -

----Flanders and Holland linen plain, not exceeding

one ell one eighth in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells

----German, Switzerland, eafl country, (except

Rufiia), and Silefia cloth, plain; viz.

—  not above thirty-one and an half inches in

breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells

—  above - thirty-one and an half inches in

breadth, and not exceeding thirty-fix inches, the one hundred and twenty ells

—  above thirty-fix inches in breadth, the one

hundred and twenty ells ------lawns, viz.

—  Silefia and all other lawns, plain (except

French lawns) not bleached in Holland, the piece not exceeding eight yards in length

—  Silecia and all other lawns, plain (except French lawns) bleached in Holland, the piece not exceeding eight yards in length -

----Rufiia linen, plain, viz.

—  towelling and napkining of the manufacture

of Rufiia not exceeding twenty-two and an half inches in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells  -  *

—narrow Ruffia linen, not otherwife enumerated, not exceeding twenty-two and an half inches in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells  -

—  linen cloth and diaper of Rufiia exceeding twenty-two and an half inches in breadth, and not exceeding thirty-one and an half inches, the one hundred and twenty ells -

£. s.

0 0 7

O I o 032

014

023

016

050

o 14 5

030

067 O 10 3

004 o o 5i-

o 1  10

o 1 4|

0 3 7 Linen

Linen continued.

—  linen cloth and diaper of Ruffia exceeding thirty-one and an half inches in breadth, and not exceeding thirty-fix inches, the one hundred and twenty ells

—  linen cloth and diaper of Ruffia exceeding

thirty-fix inches in breadth, and not exceeding forty-five inches, the one hundred and twenty ells  -

—  linen cloth and diaper of Ruffia exceeding forty-five inches in breadth, the one hundred and twenty ells

Linfeed. See Seed.

Lobfters. Free.

Logwood, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Mace, the pound  -

Madder, viz.

-----mull madder, the hundred weight

-----ot any other fort, the hundred weight

-----madder root, the.hundred weight

Mahogany, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Manna, the hundred pounds

Mats of Ruffia, the hundred containing five fcore -Melaffes, the hundred weight  -  -

Mohair yarn. See Yarn.

Morels, the pound Muftard feed. See Seed.

Myrrh, the hundred pounds Nutmegs, the pound  -  -

Nuts, viz.

■----cheftnuts the bufhel  -

*  --fmall nuts, the bufhel  -  -

Oak bark. See Bark.

Oil or blubber, viz.

-----blubber of Newfoundland, the ton containing

two hundred and fifty-two gallons

-----caftor oil, the gallon  -

-----ordinary oil of olives, the ton containing two

hundred and fifty-two gallons

•  --fallad oil, the hundred gallons

-----fpermacaeti oil, the ton containing two hundred

and fifty-two gallons

-----train oil, or blubber, fifh oil, or oil of feals or

other creatures living in the Teas, not other-wife enumerated or defcribed, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons Olibanum, or incenfe, the hundred weight

DUTY. £• s• d-

0  5  1

0  6  4

0  10  10

.0  7  3

0  0  11

0  0  3

0  2  2

-O  2  3

0  IO  10

0  5  9

0  1  10

0  1  0

0  0  2

0  7  6

0  0  11

0  0  3

0  0  54

0  4  3

0  0  7

I  i7  2

0  18  0

2  3  10

0  16  10

0  1  IO

Onion

INWARDS.

Onion feed. See Seed.

Opium, the gound  -  -  -

Oranges, the thousand  -  -

Orchella, the hundred weight  -

Pearl barley, or barley hulled, the hundred weight -Pepper, viz. Long pepper, the hundred pounds PL'iure*, viz.

-----of four feet fquare, or upwards, the pidlure

-----of two feet fquare, and under four feet fquare,

the picture  -

.----under two feet fquare, the pifture

Pimento, the hundred pounds

Pitch, the laft containing twelve barrels, each barrel containing thirty-one and an half gallons

Plate, viz.

.----of gold wrought, the ounce troy

-----of filver ungilt, the ounce troy

— of filver part gilt, the ounce troy

-----of filver gilt, the ounce troy

Plums dried, the hundred pounds

Prunes, the hundred weight  ■-  -

. 1 0 Quickfilver, the pound  -

Quills, viz. Goofe quills, the thousand

Rags old, fit only to make paper, the ton containing

twenty hundred weight -

Raifins, viz.

~— Denia raifins, the hundred weight

•----Faro raifins, the hundred weight

-----Lipra, or Belvidere raifins, the hundred weight

-----Lexia raifins, the hundred weight

------- Smyrna raifins, the hundred weight

-----of the fun, the hundred weight

-----all other raifins not otherwife enumerated or

deferibed, the hundred weight Rape feed. See Seed.

Rhubarb, the pound Rice, the hundred weight  -

Rofin, the hundred weight  -

Rum. See Spirits.

Saccarum Saturni, the hundred pounds Safflower, the hundred weight  -  -

Saffron, the pound  -

Salt, the wey containing forty bufliels Salt petre, the hundred weight Sarfaparilla, the hundred pounds Scamony, the pound

DUTY.

I  . s. d.

0  I

0  3 7

0  4 2

0  0 7

0  3 3

2  O  O

I  6 8

0  *3 4

0  1 9

0  3 0  L

0  4 10

0  0 2^

0  0 3

0  0 3i

0  5 0

0  2 0

0  0 ii

0  O 2i

0  *3 3

0  1 i

0  1 2

0  1 2

0  1 6

0  0 8

0  2 3

0  1 1

0  0 6

0  0 6

0  0 3

0  4 0

0  4 0

0  1 0

0  0 91

0  1 ni

0  5 0

0  0 74 Seed,



INWARDS.

Seed, viz.

----annifeeds the hundred weight -

•  --carraway feed, the hundred weight

— clover feed, the hundred weight ----linfeed, the bufhel

•  --mufiard feed, the hundred weight

----onion feed, the hundred weight

•  -- rape feed, the quarter containing eight bufhels

Sena the pound  -

Shumack, the hundred weight Silk, viz.

----raw filk of Turkey, the pound containing fix-

teen ounces  -

----raw filk of any other country, the pound containing fixteen ounces

----thrown filk, the pound containing fixteen ounces

----wade filk, the pound containing fixteen ounces

Silver plate. See Plate.

Skins, viz.

----kid fkins in the hair undreffed, the hundred

containing five (core  -  -

----lamb fkins in the wool undreiTed, the hundred

containing fix fcore Smalts, the hundred pounds  -  -

Spirits, viz.

----brandy, the gallon -  -  -

----geneva, the gallon  -

----rum the hundred gallons

----of all other forts not otherwife enumerated or

defcribed, the gallon Succades, the pound  -

Sugar, the hundred weight Tallow, the hundred weight -Tamarinds, the hundred weight Tar, the lalt containing twelve barrels, each barrel not exceeding thirty-one and an half gallons Tobacco the hundred pounds  -  -

Tortoifhell, the pound  -  -

Tow, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight -Truffles, the pound  -  -  *  -

Turbots. Free.

Turmeric, the hundred pounds Turpentine common, the hundred weight;

Valonia, the hundred weight Verdegreafe, viz.

•  --common, the hundred pounds

----cryftallized, the hundred pounds

Vermillion, the pound

DUTY.

£•  s.  d.

O  I  IO

O  0  7

O  2  3

O  O  2

O  O  5

O  3  11

O  1  2

O  0  

O  0  8

O  0  Si

O  0  6

O  0  1

O  0  it

O  3  2

O  3  2

0  4  0

O  0  

O  0  it

O  *5  0

O  0  2t

O  0  

O  1  IO

O  1  6

: O  0  10

O  2  5

O  2  6

O  0  4

O  11  5

O  0  

O  2  3

O  0  1

O  0  9

O  6  9

0  7  6

0  0  3

  Wax,  

Wax, viz.

-----bees wax, white or manufactured, the hundred

weight  -  -

——bees wax, unmanufactured, the hundred weight Wine, viz.

-----French wine, the ton containing two hundred

and fifty-two gallons

*----Maderia wine, the ton containing two hundred

and fifty-two gallons — Portugal wine, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

-----Rhenifh, German, and Hungary wine, the ton

containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

-----Spanifh wine, the ton containing two hundred

and fifty-two gallons -  -  -  "

-----all other wines, not otherwife enumerated or

defcribed, the ton containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons Wool, viz.

-----cotton wool of the growth or production of

Turkey, the hundred pounds ——- cotton wool of the growth or production of any part of the united fiates of America, the hundred pounds  -

-----cotton wool of the growth or production of any

of the Brittih colonies or plantations, the hundred pounds  -  -

-——cotton wool of the growth or production of any other country or place, the hundred pounds Yarn, viz.

----- cotton yarn, the hundred pounds

-----mohair yarn, the pound

-----raw linen yarn, the hundred pounds  -

Yellow berries, the hundred weight  -  -  :

All other goods, wares, and merchandize whatever, not  herein particularly  enumerated  or  defcribed,

not  being imported by  the  united  company  of

merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, (except such goods, wares, and merchandize, which by any fpecial provifion in this ad are exempt from the duty hereby impofed), for every hundred i pounds of the true and real value thereof -

DUTY.

Z s. T.

060

0  4 9

3 10  6

3 1 o

l66

3^o

1  12 O

I 12  ©

0 6 6

0 6 6

089

o 12 6

070 0 0 2 0 2 0 041

3 0,0 TABLE

Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgii III. c. 76. [1797.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Cuftoras, payable on goods, wares, and merchandife, therein enumerated, or defcribed, imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

Callicoes, viz. Plain white callicoes; dimity, viz. Plain white dimitty—muflins plain— Nanquin cloth—muflins or white callicoes flowered or Hitched—-cotton manufactures not otherwife enumerated or defcribed—and all goods, wares, and merchandize, prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, imported for exportation only :—for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which such goods (hall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, without any deduction therefrom, except fo much as the duties of cuftoms due and payable on such goods refpectively (hall amount to Sugar, For every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which it (hall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies Indico, For every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which it ftiall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies -Cotton wool, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which it ("hall have been fold at the publick fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies Coffe, the hundred weight  -  -

Cocoa nuts, the hundred weight

£- '• d-

300

300

300

400

034

029

TABLE





TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of new and additional Duties of Cuftoms payable , on the exportation from this kingdom, of the goods, wares, and merchandize, therein enumerated or defcribed ; not having been imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi: Indies.

OUTWARDS.

DUTY.

Sugar, viz.

•----* Unrefined, not having been imported by the

united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafb Indies (except in cafes wherof by any fpecial provision in this adl, such fugar is exempt from this duty), the hundred weight  -

----Refined fugar, called baftard,and ground and

powdered fugar, and refined loaf fugar broke in pieces, and all fugar called candy (excep: in cafes where, by any fpecial provifion in this adl, such fugar is exempt from this duty), the hundred weight »■ — All other refined fugar (except in cafes where, by any fpecial provifion in this afuch fugar is exempt from this duty), the hundred weight  -  -

Goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, (except refined fugar, and alio such goods, wares, and merchandize, which by any fpecial provifion in this a£I, are exempt from the duty hereby impofed), exported to any I part of Europe, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof Goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce,or manufacture of GreatBritain,(except refined fugar, and alfo such goods, wares, and merchandize, which, by any fpecial provifion in this act, are exempt from the duty hereby impofed), exported to any pore or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof  -

£■  sd.

o i 6 \

o 1

023

o 10 o

2 0 0

Vol. XLI,  Kkk  TABLE

TABLEfD.) .

A TABLE of new Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the exportation from this kingdom, of the goods, wares, and merchandize therein enumerated, having been imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

OUTWARDS.

DUTY.

Sugar,

having been imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, exported, (except in cafes where, by any fpecial provifion in this a£I, such fugar is exempt from this duty), for .every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the grofs price at which it (hall have been fold at the publick Tales of the faid company -

£'s-

2 10 0

TABLE (E.)

A TABLE of Tonnage Duties payable on (hips and veffels* entering outwards or inwards (except in ballaft) in any port of this kingdom, to or from foreign^parts.

TONNAGE DUTY.

DUTY.

For every ton burthen of every (hip or veffel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballaft) to or from Ireland, the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney, and Man, the Greenland Teas, and the Southern whale fifhery  -

For every ton burthen of every (hip or veffel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballaft) to or from any port or place within the (freights of Gibraltar _ - /  -

For every ton burthen of every (hip or veffel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballaft) to or from any port or place in Ruffia, or within the Baltic fea For every ton burthen of every (hip or veffel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballaft) to or from any other port or place in Europe

£>• S' dm

o  o  6

o  I  o

o  I  o

o  i  a

For

TONNAGE DUTY.

For every ton burthen of every (hip or vefTel entering outwards or inwards (except in ball aft) to or from any port or place within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Ead Indies  -  ■  -

For every ton burthen of every (hip or vefTel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballad) to or from the Cape of Good Hope For every ton burthen of every (hip or vefTel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballad) to or from any port or place in Africa, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed For every ton burthen of every fhip or veflel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballad) to or from the ifland of Newfoundland, the iflands of Cape Breton and Saint John, and the coad of Labrador For every ton burthen of every fhip or vefTel entering outwards or inwards (except in ballad) to or from any port Or place in the united dates of America, any Britidt ifland, colony, or plantation in America, or any other part of America not otherwife defcribed  -

DUTY.

£■

o  3  o

026

O  I  o

006

OIO

CAP. LXXVII

An aft to amend an aft of the prefent fejfon of parliament intituled.

An a61- to continue, until the fird day o 1 Auguft one thousand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and amend an ad made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majedy, intituled, 6 An ad for edab-lifhing regulations refpeding aliens arriving in this kingdom or refident therein, in certain cafes.’—JJune 28, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed on the firjl day of] une one thou- Preamble.

fand seven hundred and ninety-eight, intituled, An ad to 38 Geo. 3. continue, until the fird day of Auguft one thousand eight hun- c. 50. recited., dred, and until the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and amend an ad made in the thirty-third year of rhe reign of his prefent Majedy, intituled, ‘An ad for edablifhing regulations refpeding aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refluent therein, in certain cafes,’ divers provifions have been made concern-ing aliens, and certain things are by the faid aft required to be done within certain fpaces of time therein limited \ and it is expedient that his Majejly fhoulabe authorifed to extend the times fo limited for doing such

K K K 2  things

846

Anno regni tricefitno oftavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797*

things reflectively, in such manner as to his Majefly flail feem expedient ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majcfly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afFembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for his Majefly, from time to time, by his royal proclamation, or by order in council, to extend the time and times for doing all and every or any of the things by the faid aft required to be done, within any certain fpace or fpaces of time, in such manner as to his Majesty fhall feem fit, and to appoint any longer time or things requir- times f°r doing all and every or any of such things refpeftively ; ed by the and to command and require all and every or any such things recited act to refpeftively to be done, within such time or times as in and by be done in a  ~  '  *  ■  *  **  “  ~*  ■  ~  "  *

limited time.

His Majesty by proclamation or order in council may extend the time for

any such proclamation or order in council refpeftively fhall be limited and appointed for such purpose.

II.  And be it further enabled. That no perfon (hall be liable to any pain or penalty for refufing, omitting, or neglefting to do any thing by the faid aft required to be done, within any certain fpace of time as aforesaid, if such thing fhall be done within such fpace of time as in such proclamation or order in council fhall be limited and appointed for doing thereof, any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that all and’ every the pains and penalties by the faid aft provided and

proclamation impofed for neglefting or omitting to do any such thing as afore-or order in faid within the fpace of time by the faid aft limited for doing thereof, fhall be fufFered and incurred in cafe such thing fhall not be done within the fpace of time which by any such proclamation or order in council (hall be appointed for the doing thereof.

III.  And be it further enabled, That no perfon fhall be liable to any pain or penalty for having, before the palling of this aft, refufed, omitted, or neglefted to do any thing by the faid aft required to be done, and that all proceedings whatfoever for any such offence committed before the palling of this aft, fhall be and the fame are hereby flayed and di(charged.

IV.  And whereas by the faid aft perfons receiving aliens to lodge or refide in their houjes or apartments, are required to do certain things in the faid aft mentioned under certain penalties; be it enacted, That fo much of the faid aft (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any perfon who fhall lo receive any alien being the domeftick fervant of any of his Majefly’s natural-born fubjefts, or of any of bis Majesty’s fubjefts naturalized or made denizens, luch fervant being aftually attendant on his or

No perfon liable to penalty for not doing any thing within such limited time, if done within the time appointed by

council :

nor for having. before pilling this aft, omitted to do any thing required by recited aft. So much of recited aft as relates to perfons receiving aliens to lodge, not to extend to do me (tic fervants of

liis Majesty’s ,  ~  ‘nr

fubjefts atten- her mafter or miftrefs.

dant on their

mailers.  CAP.

lxxviii.

An act for preventing the mifchiefs arifing from the printing and publifling newfpapers, and papers of a like nature, by perfons not known ; and for regulating the printing and publication of such papers in other refpcfls.—["June 28, 1798.]

J  WHEREAS

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c 78.  847

YIT HERE AS it is expedient that regulations fbould he provided Preamble.

VV tniching publications of the nature herein-after mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and No perfon to with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and pr^^ra commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Jiewipapcr authority of the fame, That no perfon fhall after forty days from until an the palling of this a&, print or publifh, or caufe to be printed or affidavit be publifhed, any newfpaper or other paper, containing publick £h**f^m* at news or intelligence, or ferving the purpose of a newfpaper, until office. ^ an affidavit or affidavits, or affirmation or affirmations, made and Affidavit to figned as herein-after mentioned, fhall be delivered to the com- fpecify the miffioners for managing his Majefry’s flamp duties, at their head names and office, or to fome of their officer or officers in the refpedtive abode of the towns, and at the refpective offices which (hall be named and nn^^and of appointed by the fa id commiffioners, for the purpose of receiving the pro-fuch affidavits or affirmations, (but which fhall not be required to prietors, if be upon ftamped paper), containing the feveral matters and things t^cT do not herein-after for that purpose fpecified and mentioned.  exchffive^of

II.  And be it further enaded, That such affidavit or affidavits, the printer

affirmation or affirmations, fhall fpecify and fet forth the real and and publifher, true names, additions, deferiptions, and places of abode of all and and if they^ every perfon and perfons, who is and are intended tohe the two^nd the printer and printers, publifher and publifhers, of the newfpaper proportional or other paper mentioned in such affidavit or affidavits, or fhares, and affirmation or affirmations, and of all the proprietors of the fame, t}16 deferip-if the number of such proprietors, exclufive of the printer and publifher, does not exceed two, and in cafe the fame fhall exceed houfe, and such number, then of twq of such proprietors, exclufive of the title of the printer and publifher, and alfo the amount of the proportional piper, fhares of such proprietors in the property of the newfpaper or Where the other paper, and the true defeription of the houfe or building j^ceedtwa wherein any such paper is intended to be printed, and likewife the names of the title of such paper.  two whofe

III.  Provided always, and be it further enaefed, That in,every fharesfhall

cafe where the number of such proprietors, exclufive of the printer ^n^tej1gets and publifher, does exceed two, the names of two proprietors, the others examount of each of whole proportional fhares in the property of clufive of the such newfpaper or other paper fhall not be lefs than the propor- printer and tional (hare of any other proprietor, exclufive of the printer and puoliffier, to publifher, (hall be fpecified and fet forth in such affidavit or ^ affidavit.*1* affidavits, affirmation or affirmations.  „  .

IV.  And be it further enabled, That an affidavit or affirmation, made"as° affidavits or affirmations,.of the like import, (hall be made, figned, often as the and given in like manner, as often as any of the printers, pub- printers, lifhers, or proprietors named in such affidavits or affirmations

fhall be changed, or fhall change their refpeftive places of abode, ol/Xeir°lS* or their printing houfe, place, or office, and as often as the title abode, fhall of the paper fhall be changed, and as often as the commiffioners be changed, for managing the ffamp duties fhall fee reafonable caufe for ^^oras^ requiring such affidavit or affirmation to be made, figned, and commiffioners fvyorDj or affirmed, and fhall give notice that they do require for ftamps

K K K 3  the  fhall require.

848' Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georg it III. c. 78. [1797,

the fame, such notice to be left at such place as is mentioned in the affidavit or affirmation lafl: delivered as the place at which the newfpaper or other paper to which such notice (hall relate is printed.

Affidavit to V. And be it further enaded, That every such affidavit or the^^arties^ a®rrnataon fhall writing, and figned by the perfon or per-and taken by a ns ma^^ng the fame, and (hall be taken by any one or more of commiffioner the faid commiffioners, or -by any officer fpecially appointed by the faid commiffioners to receive such affidavits or affirmations as aforesaid, which commiffioners and other officers are hereby authorifed to take such affidavits upon the oath of the perfon or perfons making the lame, and such affirmations in the cafe of perfons commonly called Quakers,

VI.  And be it further enabled, That where the perfons con-cerned as printers and publifhers of any newfpaper, or other such

and pro"-paper as aforesaid, together with such number of proprietors as prietors,  are herein-before required to be  named in such affidavits or

required to  affirmations as aforesaid, {hall not  altogether exceed the number

the^affidavit ^our Perf°ns’ affidavit or affirmation hereby required fhall do not ex- * be fworn or affirmed and figned by all the faid perfons who are ceed four,  adult; and when the number of  all such perfons (hall exceed

the whole to  four, the fame fhall be figned and  fworn or affirmed by four of

where’thev ^ch Per^ons5 ^ many of them are adult, or by fo many of them do exceed are as adult; but the fame fhall contain the real and true names, that number, defcriptions, and places of abode of all and every perfon and four to lwear perfons who is and are or are intended to be the printer and particulars printers, publifher and publifhers, and offo many of the proprie-and to give tors as are herein-before for that purpose mentioned, of luch newf-notice to the paper or other such paper as aforefaid ; and the perfon and perfons parties not f0 figning and fwearing to the truth of such affidavit or affirmation, wearing, on *n ]ajq mentioned cafe, fhall and are hereby required to give notice, within seven days after such affidavit or affirmation fhall be fo delivered as aforesaid, to each of the perfons not figning and fwearing or affirming such affidavit or affirmation, but named therein as a proprietor, printer, or publifher, of such newfpaper, or other paper as aforesaid, that he or they are fo named therein; and in cafe of negled to give such notice, each and every perfon who has fo figned and fworn or affirmed such affidavit or affirmation fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

VII.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon fhall knowingly and wilfully print or publifli, or caufe to be printed or publifhed, or fhall knowingly and wilfully, either as a proprietor thereof, or otherwife, fell, vend, or deliver out any newfpaper or other such paper as aforesaid, such affidavit or affirmation, or affidavits or affirmations, containing such matters and things as are required by this ad to be therein contained, not having been duly figned, fworn, or affirmed, and delivered, and as often as by this act is required, or any other matter or thing required by this ad to be done or performed according to this ad not having.

been.

penalty of 5©1. each.

Penalty of iool. lor printing, publithing, < vending a nswfpiper without an affidavit having been figned, Scz.

or officer fpecially appointed*

Where the printers,

nuhli fhers.

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 78.  849

been done or performed, such perfon fhall forfeit and lofe, for every such adl done, the fum of one hundred pounds.

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons Perfons making such affidavit or affirmation as in and by this a£I is ™aJ^np^rfeft required to be made, (hall knowingly and wilfully infert or fet affidavits* forth therein the name or names, addition or additions, place or liable to the places of abode, of any perfon as proprietor, printer, or publifher penalties for any of newfpaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, to which such PerJuly-affidavit of affirmation relates, who is not a proprietor, printer,

or publifher  thereof, or fhall knowingly  and  wilfully omit to

mention in  such  affidavit or affirmation  the  name or names,

addition or additions, and place or places of abode, of any of the proprietors, printers, or publifhers thereof, contrary to the true meaning of this ad!, or fhall knowingly and wilfully in anv other manner or refpedl fet forth in such affidavit or affirmation any matter or thing by this adt required to be fet forth otherwife than according to the truth, or fhall knowingly or wilfully omit to fet forth therein,  according to the truth,  any  matter or thing

required by  this  ad! to be therein fet forth,  every perfon fo

offending fhall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

IX.  And be it further enadted, That all such affidavits and Affidavits to affirmations as aforefaid (hall be filed and kept in such manner as be an<* the raid commiffioners (hall airedt, and the fame, or copies thereof certified certified to be true copies, as herein-after is mentioned, fhall copies, to be refpeclively, in all proceedings civil and criminal touching any admitted as newfpaper or other such paper as aforesaid, which fhall be men- evidence tionedin any such affidavits or affirmations, or touching any pub- pf^fons e lication, matter, or thing contained in any such newfpaper or fwearing, other paper, be received and admitted as conclufive evidence of and all

the truth of all such matters fet forth in such affidavits or affirma- ^en*j°ne<* tions as are hereby required to be therein fet forth, againff every untereproved perfon who fhall have figned and fworn or affirmed such affidavits to the Conor affirmations, and fhall alfo be received and admitted, in like trary ; manner, as fufficient evidence of the truth of all such matters againff all and every perfon who fhall not have figned or fworn or affirmed the fame, but who fhall be therein mentioned to be a proprietor, printer, or publifher of such newfpaper or other paper, unlefs the contrary fhall be fatisfadlorily proved: provided always, t*ut if any That if any such perfon or perfons refpedlivelv, againff whom per/on fhall any such affidavit or affirmation, or any copy thereof, fhall be have de-offered in evidence, (hall prove that he, the, or they hath or hvered, pre-have figned, fworn or affirmed, and delivered to the faid com- p^heation6 mifffoners, or such officer,as aforesaid, previous to the day of the of the paper date or publication of the newfpaper or other such paper as afore- to which the faid, to which the proceedings, civil or criminal, (hall relate, an Proceedings affidavit or affimation that he, fhe, or they hath or have ceafed to ^j^vit^hat be the printer or printers, proprietor or proprietors, or publifher he has ceafed or publifhers of such newfpaper or other such paper as aforesaid, to be printer, such perfon or perfons fhall not be deemed, by reafon of any ^c* beffiall former affidavit or affirmation fo delivered as aforesaid, to have deemed°after

K K. K 4  been  fuCh delivery.

S$o

In newfpapers there -fhall be printed the names and abode of printers and publifhers, on penalty cf iool. :

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797.

been the printer or printers, proprietor or proprietors, or publifher or publifhers, of such paper, after the day on which such laft-mentioned affidavit or affirmation (hall have been delivered to the fakl commiffioners, or their officer as afore-faid.

X. And be it further enadfed, That in fome part of every newfpaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, there (hall be printed the true and real name and names, addition and additions, and place and places of abode of the printer and printers, and

publifher and publifhers of the fame, and alfo a true delcription of the place where the fame is printed ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall knowingly and wilfully print or publifh, or caufe to be printed or publifhed, any such newfpaper or other paper as aforesaid, not containing the particulars aforesaid, and every of them, every such perfon fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds; and that proof made in manner herein mentioned in any proceeding to recover the fame, that the party proceeded againft: is a printer or publifher of a newfpaper or other such paper fo printed or publifhed as aforesaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be proof that such party is a perfon wilfully and unld's^proved knowingly printing or publifhing, or caufing the fame to be to the con- printed or publifhed, unlefs he fhall fatisfadtorily prove the trary. , contrary thereof.

After pro- XI. And be it further enadled, That it fhall not be necefTary affida01^0^a^ter anyfLuh a®^avit or affirmation, or a certified copy thereof, copy,Vand a  have  been produced in evidence as aforefaid againft the

paperintituled perfons who fign-ed and made such affidavit, or are therein as therein named, according to this a61, or any of them, and after a newf--~d paper, or other such paper as aforesaid, fhall be produced in not be necef- ev^ence? intituled in the fame manner as the newfpaper or other paper mentioned in such affidavit or copy is intituled, and wherein the name or names of the printer and publifher, or

and proof, 5n manner herein mentioned that the party is the printer, <vc. fhall be fufficient,

fary to prove the purchafe of the paper.

a- //Ixj  fame  as

$(b.H%

printers and publifhers, and the place of printing, (hall be the

the

name or names

of the printer and publifher, or

Service at the pUce mentioned in affidavit, to be deemed Sufficient notice to all perfons panic.i therein';

printers and publifhers, and the place of printing mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation, for the plaintiff, informant, or profecutor, or perfon feeking to recover any of the penalties given by this a61, to prove that the newfpaper, or paper to which such trial relates, was purchafed at any houfe, fhop, or office, belonging to or occupied by the defendant or defendants, or any of them, or by his or their fervants of workmen, or where he or they, by themfelves, or their fervants or workmen, ufually carry on the bufinefs of printing or publifhing such paper, or wffiere the fame is ufually fold.

XU. And be it farther enadled. That fervice at the houfe or place mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, as the houfe or place, at which such newfpaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, to which any proceeding, civil or criminal, fhall relate, is printed or publifhed, or intended fo to be, of any legal notice, fummons, fubpoena, rule, order, or procefs, of what nature whatfoeyer, or to enforce an appearance in any fuit, profecution,

or

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 78.  851

or proceeding, civil or criminal, againft any printer, publifher, or proprietor of any such newfpaper or other paper, fhall be deemed and taken to be good and fufficient fervice thereof refpedlively, againft all perfons named in such affidavit or affirmation as the proprietor or proprietors, publifher or publifhers, or printer or printers of the newfpaper or other paper mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation : provided always, That if any such perfon but if any or perfons refpedfively as aforefaid fhall have figned, fworn, or Perf°n fliall affirmed, and delivered to the faid commiffioners, or such officer previous to*C<* as aforesaid, previous to the day of the date or publication of the [he publica-newfpaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, to which the pro- tion of the ceeding in court fhall relate, an affidavit or affirmation that he PaPCf to or they have ceafed to be the printer or printers, proprietor or ^Q^edin^s proprietors, publifher or publifhers of ftich newfpaper, or other relate, an^ such paper as aforesaid, and fhall make proof thereof, such perfon affidavit th3t or perfons fhall not be deemed, by reafon of any former affidavit Iie has ceafed or affirmation fo delivered as aforesaid, to have been the proprietor^ h^ffiaU * or proprietors, printer or printers, publifher or publifhers of such not‘ [,e p0 paper, after the day on which such laft mentioned affidavit or deemed after affirmation fhall have been delivered to the laid commiffioners, hich delivery, or such other officer as aforefaid..

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That the commiffioners or^T^^. officers by whom such affidavits or affirmations fhall be kept affidavits to according to the directions of this ad, fhall, and they are hereby be delivered required, upon application made to them by any perfon or on payment perfons requiring a copy certified according to this ad, of any ot IS* such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, in order that the fame

may be produced in any civil or criminal proceedings, to deliver to the perfon fo applying for the fame such certified copy, he or they paying for the fame the fum of one fhilling and no more.

XIV.  And whereas in many cafes it may be productive of publick inconvenience to require that the commiffioners or officers before whom

fuch affidavits or affirmations, as are herein-before mentioned, are made, fhould be required perfonally to attend, in order to prove> upon the trial of any• aCUon, profecution, fuit, indictment, information, or in any other proceeding, that the parties figning, fwearing^ or affirming and delivering such affidavit or affidavits, affirmation or affirmations, did fwear or affirm the fame in the prefence of and did deliver the fame to such commiffioners and officers, before and to whom the fame A all have been fworn^ affirmed, or delivered refpecl 'ively : be it enadled,

That in all cafes a copy of any such affidavit or affirmation, cer- Copies of tified to be a true copy under the hand or hands of one or more of the commiffioners or officers.in whose poffeffion the fame fhall CQmmiHionera be, fhall, upon proof made that such certificates have been figned or officers in with the hand writing of the perfon or perfons making the fame, whose cuftody and whom it fhall not be neceftary to prove to be a commiffiioner or commiffioners, or officer or officers, be received in evidence ev*^nCc c c as fufficient proof of such affidavit or affirmation, and that the fame was duly fworn or affirmed, and of the contents thereof; and such copies, fo produced and certified, fhall alfo be received evidence that the affidavit or affirmation, of which they

purport

85*

Penalty of iool. for

fworn to, or that falfe copies are true, &c.

Anno regni trlcefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797.

purport to be copies, have been fworn or affirmed according to this a£l, and (hall have the fame effedf, for the purposes of evidence, to all intents whatfoever, as if the original affidavits or affirmations, of which the copies fo produced and certified fhall purport to be copies, had been produced in evidence, and been proved to have been duly fo certified, fworn, and affirmed, by the perfon or perfons appearing by such copy to have fworn or affirmed the fame as aforefaid. iool^on0^ XV. And be it further enacfled. That if any perfon, not being unauthorifed ^jch commiffioner or officer as aforesaid, (hall give any such certi-perfons giving ficate as aforesaid, or fhall prefume to certify any of the matters or certificates, things by this a6t directed to be certified by such commiffioners and officers as aforesaid, or which such commiffioners and officers as aforefaid are hereby empowered or entrufted to certify, he fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVI.  And be it alfo enadfed. That if any perfon fhall know-faifely'certify- *ingly and wilfully falfely certify under his hand, that any such ine that affidavit or affirmation, as is required to be made by this act, was affidavits were duly figned, and fworn or affirmed before him, the fame not

having been fo fworn, or figned, or affirmed, or fhall knowingly and wilfully falfely certify that any copy or copies of any affidavit or affirmation, or affidavits or affirmations, is or are a true copy or copies of the affidavit or affirmation, or affidavits or affirmations, of which the fame are certified to be such copy or copies, or fhall knowingly and wilfully falfely certify or exprefs in any certificate, that the affidavit or affirmation, or affidavits or affirmations, of which any copy or copies are certified to be a true copy or copies, was or were duly fworn or affirmed before the perfon fo certifying, by the party or parties whose name or names appear fubferibed to the fame, as the name or names of the party or parties fwearing and figning, or affirming the fame, every perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVII.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the firft day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the printer or publifher of every newfpaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, fhall, upon every day upon which the fame fhall be publifhed, or within fix days after, deliver to the commiffioners of ftamps at their head office, or to fome officer to be appointed by them to receive the fame, and whom they are hereby required to appoint for that purpose, one of the papers fo publifhed upon

loo^which0^ eac^ ^tlc^ %ned by the printer or publifher thereof, in his may* within band writing, with his name and place of abode, and the fame fhall be carefully kept by the faia commiffioners, or such officer as aforesaid, in such manner as the faid commiffioners (hall direct; and such printer or publifher fhall be entitled to demand and receive from the commiffioners, or such officers, once in every fix days, the amount of the ordinary price of the newfpapers or other papers lb delivered ; and in every cafe in which the printer

A copy of every newfpaper to be delivered within a limited time to the commiffioners of ftamps, or their officer

two years after publication, be produced as evidence in court.

fi y  .  umer  papers  iu  uchvcicu ; anu ui cvciy m wtmu ujt pnnn-i.

tldfc  and  publifher  of  such newfpaper, or other paper as aforesaid, (hall

‘a  nesledt

—-

1797'] Anno regni tricefimo o&aro Georgii III. c. 78.

neglect to deliver one such newfpaper, or other paper, in the manner herein-before directed, such printer and publifher fliall, for every such negled refpedively, forfeit and lofe rhe fum of one hundred pound,%; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall make application to the commiffioners, or such officer as aforesaid, in order that such newfpaper, or other paper, fo figned by the printer or publifher, may be produced in evidence in any proceeding civil or criminal, the laid commiffioners, or such officers, fhall, at the expence of the party applying at any time within two years from the publication thereof, either caufe the fame to be produced in the court in which the fame is required to be produced, and at the time when the fame is required to be produced, or fhall deliver the fame to the party applying for it, taking, according to their diferetion, reasonable fecurity, at his expence, for the returning the fame to the faid commiffioners, or such officer; and in cafe, by reafon that the fame fhall have been previoufly required by any other perfon to be produced in any court, or hath been previoufly delivered to any other perfon for the like purpose, the fame cannot be produced at the time required, or be delivered according to such application, in such cafe the faid commiffioners, or such their officer, fhall caufe the fame to be produced, or fhall deliver the fame as fcon as they are enabled fo to do.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon fhall knowingly and wilfully print or publifh, or caufe to be printed or published, any newfpaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, the fame not being printed upon paper duly fiamped according to law, he fhall forfeit and pay, over and above all other penalties recoverable by law, the fum of twenty pounds for every such newfpaper, or other paper as aforesaid, fo printed upon paper not duly fiamped; and proof ma-de in manner herein-before mentioned, in any proceeding to recover the fame, that the parry proceeded againft is a printer or publifher of such newfpaper or other paper as aforesaid, which fhall be fo printed or publifhed upon paper not duly fiamped according to law, fhall be deemed and taken to be proof that such party is a perfon wilfully and knowingly printing or publifhing, or caufing the fame to be primed or publifhed, contrary to the prefent provifion of this a<d, unlefs he fliall ftitisfadorily prove the contrary thereof.

XIX.  . And be it further enaded, That if any perfon fliall knowingly and wilfully take or receive into, and keep in his cuflody any newfpaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, not duly fiamped according to law, such perfon fliall forfeit and lofe, for every such paper as aforesaid, not duly fiamped, which he fhall fo take or receive into, and keep in his cuflody, the fum of twenty pounds.

XX.  And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That if any perfon fliall knowingly or wilfully, diredly or indi-redly, fend or carry, or endeavour to fend or carry, or caufe or procure to be fent or carried, or do or caufe to be done any ad whatever for or towards the fending or carrying, or for or towards

Penalty of 20I-for printing or publifhing newfpapers ' not duly ftaropt.

Penalty of aol. ‘ for having a newfpaper not duly ftampt.

Penalty of look for fending or procuring newfpapers not duly ftampt to be fent out of Great Britain.



with his Ma-jelly

On oath that

854 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 78. [1797.

wards the caufing or procuring to be fent or carried, or with intent that the fame fhould be fent or carried out of Great Britain any newfpaper or other such paper as aforesaid, the fame not being printed on paper duly {lamped according tdf law, such per-fon fhall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the fum of one hundred pounds,

XXI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty of That if any perfon, during the continuance of the prefent war,

in ° or1r ro-  knowingly and wilfully, diredlly or indiredtly, fend  or

cunng^cTbe carry, or endeavour to fend or carry, or caufe or procure to be

lent, during fent or carried, or do or caufe to be done, or be in any manner

the war, newt- concerned in doing or caufing to be done any a£t whatever, for

papers, ftampt towards the fending or carrying, or for or towards fhe or unftampt, r  .  .  *>  .  -  J  *=>’ . ,  ...  .

toanycountry caufing and procuring to be lent or carried, or with intent that

not in amity the fame fhould be fent or carried, any newfpaper, or other such

paper as aforesaid, whether printed upon paper {lamped or not

{lamped, out of Great Britain into France, Spain, or any other

country not being in amity with his Majesty at the time of such

act done or permitted to be done, every such perfon fhall, for

every such offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred

pounds, and (hall alfo be liable to all other profecutions, pains,

penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments, to which such perfon

would have been liable jin cafe this a£l had not been made.

XXII.  And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That upon oath made before any one juftice of the peace, that

a^ewr^cr^ anY Per^on hath in his pofteffion any newfpaper, or other such intended to be paper as aforesaid, intended to be fent or carried out of this king-fent to any dom, during the continuance of the war, into any country not country not in jn amity with his Majesty, it fhall be lawful for such juftice to fummon the perfon or perfons in whose cuftody or pofteffion the fame is, and examine such perfon or perfons, for the better dif-covery of any other perfon or perfons intending to fend or carry, or to caufe to be fent or carried, or who have done or caufed to he done any act for or towards the fending or carrying the fame, or caufing the fame to be fent or carried out of Great Britain into any country not in amity with his Majesty; and in cafe any rot anfwering perfon fo fummoned fhall not fubmit to be examined, and anfwer ^Ue*"  queftions  as fhall be afked of him, he (hall forfeit

and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, to be levied by such juftice in the manner herein-after directed touching fines, forfeitures, and penalties, not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, and fhall be liable to be committed, iiylike manner, in cafe the fame cannot be fo levied, for the fpace of three months, as is herein-after directed in cafes in which such fines, forfeitures, and penalties, not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, cannot be levied for want of fufficient diftrefs; and it (hall be lawful for such juftice to feize and take as forfeited to his Majesty all such papers.

The names XXIII. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any proprie-and abode of tor 0p any newfpaper, or other such paper as aforesaid, fhall be out of Great refident out of Great Britain, the name and place of abode of Britain to be such proprietor {hall be fpecified in such affidavit or affirmation fpecified in affidavits.

Majefty, a juftice may fummon and examine the party.

Penalty for



:>ogle

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 78.  855

as are herein-before required to be made and deliverecl as afore-faid.

XXIV.  And whereas matters tending to excite hatred and co?itempt of the perfon of his Mayefty, and of fne conflitution and government eflablijhed in thefe kingdoms, are frequently publijbecl in newfpapers, or other papers, under colour of having been copied from foreign neivfpapers, or other papers of a like nature; be it enacted. That Penalty for if any perfon (handprint or publifh, or caufe to be printed or ^u]-1^01* publilhed, in any newfpaper or other such paper as aforesaid, that feditious mat-fhall be printed or publifhed in that part of Great Britain called ter under co-Englancl, any matter or thing having such tendency as aforesaid, lour of having as having been previoufly printed or publifhed in fome foreign

paper or print, which hath not been previoufly fo printed or paper. 6 publifhed, such perfon fhall, being lawfully convided thereof, be committed to prifon for any time not exceeding twelve nor lefs than fix months, and fhall be liable to such other punifhment as may by law be infli&ed in cafes of high mifdemeanors; and in Pr0.°f of its every proceeding againfl: any perfon in refped of his having fo h^vhig been o printed orpublifihed as aforefaid any such matter or thing as printed to lie aforesaid, it fhall be incumbent upon the perfon againft whom on the de-the proceeding fhall be, to make proof that the fame had been pendant, previoufly printed and publifhed in fome foreign paper or print; and in cafe he fhall fail fo to do, the fame fhall be deemed and taken not to have been fo previoufly printed and publifhed.

XXV.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if ^ such proof such proof {hall be made, the publication refpeding which such publication to proceeding fhall be had fhall neverthelefs be deemed and taken be deemed ot

to be of such nature in the law as the fame would have been deemed and taken to be if this aft had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enabled, That, from and after forty days next after the pafling of this ad, no perfon other than a commiflioner or officer of his Majefly’s ftamp duties fhall fell or fupply to any perfon or perfons, paper ftamped for the purpose of being ufed for printing newfpapers or other such papers as aforesaid, until the perfon fo felling or fupplying the fame fhall have given such fecurity to the faid commiffioners, or fome of their officers to be by them appointed for that purpose, as the faid commiffioners {hall think reafonable, duly to deliver or caufe to be delivered to the faid commiffioners, once in fix weeks, a true and accurate account of the quantities and kinds of such ftamped paper by them fold and fupplied during such weeks, and to whom by name, and that such perfons fo felling or fupplying such paper will not fell or fupply any such paper to or on account of any perfons, fave only to or on account of such perfons as {hall ordinarily deal in the felling and fupplying such paper, or to or on account of printers, publifhers, or proprietors of newfpapers or such other papers ; and that they will not fell or fupply the fame to or on account of any such printers, publifhers, or proprietors, until the perfons applying to them for the fame {hall have delivered to them a certificate, -figned by one or more of the faid commiffioners, or fome officer to be appointed bv them

• / for

the fame nature as it would have been before this ad.

After 40 days after palling this ad:, none but com million ers of ft amps, or their officer, to fupply paper ftamped for printing newfpapers, until the perfon fo fupplying has given fecurity to deliver, once in fix weeks, an account of the quantities and kind fold, See. on penalty of 100I.

856 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Gkorgii III. c. 78. [1797.

for that purpose, purporting that such fecurity as is required by law hath been given by the printers and proprietors refpeftively of the nevvfpaper or other paper, for the printing of which such (lamped paper is to be fold or fupplied, and that such affidavits or affirmations have been made and delivered refpefting the fame as are required by this aft; and that they will not fell or fupply any such paper, to or on account of any printers, proprietors, or publifhers of hewfpapers or other such papers as aforesaid, with refpeft to whom notice {hall be given to them by the faid comtniffioners that such fecurity is not duly given, or is not remaining in force, or that the parties who have given the fame are xlead, or are gone abroad, or are not to be found, or that such parties have given notice that they are no longer concerned as printers, publifhers, or proprietors of such newfpapers or other papers, or that no such affidavits or affirmations refpefting the fame, as are required by this aft, have been made and delivered and in cafe any perfon, other than such as aforesaid, fhall, after forty days as aforesaid, fell or fupply any such paper as aforesaid, not having previoufiy given such fecurity as aforesaid, he (hall forfeit and lofe, for every such offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as herein-after is mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enafted. That every perfon and perfons printing or publifliing, or caufmg to be printed or pub-lifhed, or being concerned, either as proprietors or otherwife, in printing or publifliing, or caufmg  to be printed or publifhed, any

.  .  newfpaper or other such paper  as aforesaid, upon paper,, not

debtors \o°his ^camPe<^ or not damped as by law is required, fhall be deemed Majdiy  in the an^ taken to owe to his Majesty  such fums as would have accrued to his Majesty in cafe the  fame had been printed upon

paper duly damped ; and in cafe any information or bill fhall be filed, or other proceeding fhall be had on his Majesty’s behalf, for difcovery of the matters aforesaid, and an account and payment of such fums, it fhall not be lawful for the defendant, on any account, to plead or demur to such information, bill, or proceeding, but he and they fhall be compellable to make such difcovery as is thereby required to be made: provided neverthe-lefs, That such difcovery lhall not be made ufe of as evidence or otherwife in any proceeding againft the defendant or defendants, fave only in that proceeding in which the difcovery is made.

To bills for  XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or

the di icq very pcrfon3 (kali file any bill in any court for the difcovery of the

of"proprietors,  r  *  • i  ^

printers, edi- sanies of any perlons concerned in the property of, or as printers,

tors, or pub- editors, or publifhers of, or otherwife, in any newfpaper, or lifliers, of other luch paper as aforesaid, or of any matters relative to the t h ed e Fend an t° Pr*nt*RS or publifliing thereof, in order to enable him or them compellable to t^c more effectually to bring or carry on any fuit or adion for make it. damages by him or them alledged to have been fuftained by rea-fon of any flanderous or libellous matter contained in any such newfpaper or other paper as aforesaid, refpefting such perfon or perfons, it fhall not be lawful for the defendants to plead or demur to Rich bill, but they fhall be compellable to make the difcovery

Perfons con cemed in printing or puMifliing newfpapers notlegally

fum fbat would have accrued if duly damped,

1797.] Anno regni trlcefimo odavo Georgii TIL c. 78.  857

covery thereby required : provided neverthelefs, That such dif-covery (hall not be made ufe of as evidence, or otherwife, in any-proceeding againft the defendants, fave only in that proceeding in which t;he difcovery is made.

XXIX.  And be it further enaded, That all fines, penalties, Recovery and and forfeitures by this ad impofed, which (hall exceed the fum penalties?11 ° of twenty pounds, fhall (except where this ad hath otherwife ^ direded) be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler,

or the courts of great feflion in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Cbefler, Lancaster, and Durham, or in the court of feflion or court of exchequer in Scotland, (as the cafe (hall require) wherein no effoign, privilege, protedion, wager of law,' or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed ; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this ad impofed, which fhall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds, fhall, on proof upon oath of the offence before any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, where the offence fhall be committed, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of such juftice, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deduding the charges of such diftrefs and fale, to the per-fon whose goods and chattels have been fo diftrained and fold ; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, such juftice is hereby required, in all cafes where no particular time of commitment is hereinbefore direded, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, where the offence fhall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months ; and the money arifing by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, when recovered, fhall be, as to one moiety thereof, to and for the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and as to the other moiety thereof, to and for the ufe of such perfon who lhall inform or fue for the fame, except in such cafes in which the application thereof is otherwife direded by this ad.

XXX.  And be it further enaded, That no order or convic- No order or tion made in purfuance of this ad by any juftice of the peace

fhall be removed by Certiorari, advocation, or fufpenfion, out of Amoved into the county, riding, ftewartry, or place, wherein such order or any court, or convidion fhall be made, into any court whatever; and that no the execution writ of Certiorari, advocation, or fufpenfion fhall fuperfede exe- fuPerfeded. fution, or other proceedings upon any such order or convidion, but that execution and other proceedings fhall be had thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithftanding.

XXXI.  Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in Ad to extend this ad contained fhall be conftrued to extend to that part o^^rtai^cafts^ Great Britain called Scotland, fave and except fo much thereof as onjy4 C relates to the printing or publifhing newfpapers, or such other

papers as aforesaid, upon paper not duly ftamped, and fo much thereof as relates to the taking and receiving into, and keeping in thecuftody of any perfon any such newfpapers or other papers

not

S5&

A ft,may be repealed or altered this ft ikon.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo GEORdu HI. c. 79. [1797.

not duly ftamped, and to the fending or carrying newfpapers or other such papers as aforefaid but of Great Britain, and to the iummoning and examining perfons for the difcovery of fudh perfons as are concerned in fo fending or carrying the fame, and the feizing and talcing the fame as forfeited.

XXXII.  Provided always, and be it enafted, That it fhall be lawful to repeal or alter this act during the prefen t feilion of parliament.

Preamble.

If any fubicft of his Ma-jelty Oi.'ill during the war go, or embark to go, to Fran;e, or any place united thereto, or occupied by its armies, he fliall fufftr death :

or if any such perfon (hall hire, let, or be concerned in hiring, letting, &<c. any vcflel for such pur-no fe, he (hall be transported.

If any such perfon who, lince May i, 1798, fhall have voluntarily gone to, or remained in France, &c.

CAP. LXXIX.

An aff more effectually to prevent, during the war, perfons, being his Majejly s fubjefts,- from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, or any country or place united to France, or occupied by the armies of France ; and to prevent correfpondence with such perfons, and with his Majejly s enemies,—[June 28, 1798.]

FOR preventing all traitorous correfpondence with his Majesty^ ‘enemies ; be it enafted by the King’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon, being a fubjeft of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, (hall, at any time during the continuance of the war, voluntarily go or repair, di-reftly or indirectly, or embark in any veffel with intent to go or repair, direftly or indireftly, to France, or any country or place united to France, or occupied by the armies of France, at the time when such aft (hall be done, every such perfon, being lawfully convifted thereof, fhall £>e deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

II. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon, being a fubjeft of bis Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, (hall, at any time during the continuance of the war, knowingly and wilfully hire, let, engage, agree for, procure, or furnifh, or endeavour to hire, let, engage, agree for, procure, or furnifh, or caufe or procure to be hired, let, engaged, agreed for, procured, or furnifhed, or be concerned in the hiring, letting, engaging, agreeing for, procuring, or furnifhing, any veffel, with intent that such perfon, or any other fubjeft of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucceffors, fhould therein go, or repair, or embark therein with intent to go or repair, direftly or indireftly, to France, or any other such country or place as aforesaid, every such perfon, being thereof lawfully convifted, fliall be tranfported for any time, not exceeding seven years, to such place or places as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, fhall direft.

III.  And be it further enafted, That if any perfon, being a fubjeft of his Majesty, who, ftnee the firft day of May one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-eight, hath voluntarily gone into or remained in France, or any such other country or place as aforesaid, fhall voluntarily and wilfully remain out of his Ma-jefty’s dominions for fix months arter the palling of this aft, not

■ having

1797O Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii HL c. 79.  859

having obtained the licence of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccef- fhall volunta-

fors, for fo remaining, or if* any such perfon who fhall have

remained out of his Majesty’s dominions, not having such licence, jefl-y\. ^omi. (hall at any time voluntarily and wilfully return into Great Bri- nions for fix tain^ without the licence of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, months after for that purpose hr ft had and obtained, every such perfon, being thereof convidled by due courfe of law, (hall be committed to ret*rn the common gaol of the county or place where he fhall be con- out licence, he vidled of such offence, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, fhall be im-for any time not exceeding two years.  prifoned;

IV.  And be it further enadled, That if any fubjecl of his Ma- and if any fub-jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall, during the continuance of the fhall cor-

war.

within this realm or without, knowingly hold, entertain,

refpond with any perfon Co

or keep any correfpondence whatfoever, in perfon, or by letters, voluntarily re-meflages, or otherwife, with any of his Majesty’s fubjedls who mainingthere, fhall fo voluntarily go, or repair to, or who having fo voluntarily he fhall fuffer gone into, or remained in France, or any other such country or ^eath* place as aforesaid, fhall fo voluntarily and wilfully remain for lix months out of his Majesty’s dominions as aforesaid, every such perfon fo offending, being thereof duly convidled, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

V. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That If anY fubjedl

fhall corre-l'pond with the

if any of the fubjedls of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, fhall, during the prefent war, within this realm or without, hold, pK?rfbnsexer-entertain, or keep any intelligence or correfpondence whatever, citing the in perfon, or by letters, meftages, or otherwife, with the per- powers of go-fons exercifing the powers of government in France, or in any pranc^'^&c1 other such country or place as aforesaid, or with any of such per- or with any of fons, or with any perfon or perfons in any manner employed by their agents, them, or any of them, knowing such perfon or perfons to be fo fhall employed, such perfon fo offending fhall be deemed and adjudged ^eat^* to be guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That nothing Adi not to exin this act (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any adl tend t0 Per-_ done, or which (hall be done, by any perfon, or in any, place, ed'by^is^Ma' by virtue of or in obedience to or under the authority of,a licence, jefty, orto any such licence, when granted, to be granted without fee, from his act done in his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, either general or fpecial, under Majesty’s ftr-his or their fign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation, 'ice*

or from any perfon or perfons authorifed by him or them under his fign manual, or otherwife, to give such licence and authority ; or to any adl done or which fhall be done in his Majesty’s fervice, or relative thereto, by any perfon or perfons employed, or who fhall be employed therein ; or to any acl done, or which fhall be done, by any perfon or perfons in aiding or atfifting, or relative to such perfons vvhilft fo employed.

VII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That any offence committed againll this act on the Where of-high feas, or out of this realm, or within that part of Great fePc4es maY he

Vol. XLI.  Lu

86o

Perfons tried under this a& not to he tried again for the fame offence ; but offenders not fo tried, may be tried for high treafon, See,

Limitation of actions.

Perfons adjudged to be tranfported and afterwards found at large, to fuifer death. Commencement of adt.

Preamble.

38 Geo. 3. c. 41, recited

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Gsorgii ITI. c. 80. [1797*

Britain called England, (hall and may be alledged and laid, enquired of, profecuted, tried, and determined, before any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if such offence had been therein committed ; and if committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall and may be profecuted, tried, and determined, either before the jufticiary court of Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the united kingdom : provided alfo, That any perfon who (hall be tried and acquitted, -or convicted, of any offence againft this act, fhall not be liable to be indidted, profecuted, or tried again for the fame offence as high treafon or mifprifion of trea-fon, or as an offence agninft any other adt; and that nothing in this adt contained fhall be conlirued to extend to prevent any perfon guilty of any offence againft this act, and who fhall not be tried for the fame as an offence againft this act, from being tried for the fame as high treafon or mifprifion of high treafon, or as an offence 3gainft any other adt, in such manner as if this adt had not been made : provided alfo, That no profecution fhall be commenced under this act, after the party fo to be profecuted fhall have been twelve months in Great Britain fubfequent to the time when the offence was com mil ted.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe any perfon ordered or adjudged to be tranfported under this adt fhall be found at large within this realm after fentence of tranfportation pronounced, and before the time fhall be expired for which such perfon was fentenced to be tranfported, he fhall be guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

IX.  And be it further enadted, That fo much of this adt as relates to holding or keeping intelligence or correfpondence as aforesaid, fhall commence and take effect, with refpedt to any adt done in this realm, on the firft day of Auguji next; and with refpedt to any adt done out of this realm and in Europe, from and after the expiration of three months after the paffing of this adt; and with refpedt to any adt done out of Europe, from and after the expiration of fix months after the palling of this act.

C A P. LXXX.

An aft to explain and amend an aft of the prefent feffion of parliament^ intituled, An adt for repealing the duties upon male fer-vants, carriages, horles, mules, and dogs ; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof,—[June 28, 1798.]

W"MEREAS by an aft, faffed in the prefent feffion of parliament , intituled, An adt for repealing the duties upon male , fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, and dogs ; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof, the fub/lituted duties upon male fervants are direfted not to extend to any male fervant retained or employed folely for the purposes of any trade or calling by which the majler or mi fir efs of such fervant earns a livelihood: and whereas doubts may arife whether the mafiers or mifirejfcs of waiters

herein-

861

except occa-* fional ones.

1797-] Anno regni tricefiino oflavo Georgii III. c«8r,

herein-after mentioned are thereby exempted from the Jaid duties:

may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enadhed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the

authority of the fame, That the fubftituted duties granted by the and the fub- ^

faid adt fhall extend to and be payable for all waiters in taverns, [herebvK^nt-

coffee houfes, inns, alehoufes, or any other houfes licenfed to e(j extend

fell wine, ale, or other liquors by retail, except occafional waiters ; to waiters in

any thing in the faid a61 contained to the contrary thereof not- taverns, &c.

.  , n  r*r*/*a-

withiranriing.

II.  And whereas doubts have arifen whether the duties imbofed by the faid recited aft on male perfons never having been married, in re-

fpeft of their fervvnts, are to be charged in addition to any other duties to which such male perfons may be liable in refpeft of such fer-vants; be it therefore enabled, That every male perfon never Bachelors to having been married, who (hall retain or employ any male fer-vant in any of the feveral capacities referred to by the faid adt, duty of il. ios. fliall be charged with the respective duties to which any other for each male perfon or perfons may be charged, and alfo with the additional fervant. yearly fum of one pound and ten (hillings, in the faid act mentioned, for every such male fervant retained and employed by such male perfon never having been married.

III.  And be it further enabled, That the duties to be charged Duties to be by virtue of this a6t (hall be charged, raifed, levied, colledted,

and paid, by the fame perfons, and under the fame powers, and ^utje3# in like manner in ail refpefts, as the fubftituted duties charged by virtue of the faid a6t are directed to be charged, railed, levied, colledted, and paid.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for the better execution of an aft of the prefent fejjion of parliament, intituled, An adt for granting to his Majesty an aid and v contribution for the profecution of the war.—[June 28, 1798.}

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the prefen' feffion of parliament^ Preamble, intituled, An adt tor granting to his Majesty an aid and 38 Geo. 3. contribution for the profecution of the war, the commiffioners for c* I(*> the affairs of taxes are required to cau fe to be prepared^ True fcbedules of the refpeftive perfons affeffed to the duties therein mentioned in two or more places, together with the amount of their affeffments, to be tranfmitted to the commiffoners for executing the faid aft in their refpeftive divifions, in order that the perfons affeffed in two or more places to the like duties may be charged by virtue of the faid aft7 upon the aggregate of the faid affeffments: and whereas, for want of due and fufficient returns of such perfons, the faid commiffoners have not been able to complete such fcbedules previous to the time appointed for figning and allowing the certificates of affeffment to be made under the faid aft: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it maybe enacted, and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty,

LU2  by

862 Anno regni tricefimo oclavo Georgii 111. c. 8i. [1797*

by and with the advice tmd confent of the lords fpiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled,

and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall be lawful for his

Majefty’s commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, from suchYurthcr

returns as they fhall have received, or fhall at any time receive,

refpedting the afleffments of perfons Ufleffed in two or more

places to the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, or on inhabited

merits of per- [-j0Ufcs 0r any other the duties under the management of the faid

ions aliened in  J  .  .  r  rr  .  r  0  r

two places to commuiioners at the time or palling the laid act, from time to

time to caufe to be prepared, true and perfect fchedules of such

perfons, with the amounts of their refpedtive affefTments at every

of such places, and to caufe the fame to be tranfmitted to the

refpedlive commiflioners for executing the faid adt, within the

tranfmitted to refpedlive divifions where each of such afleffments fhall have

the commif- been made; and the refpedtive commiflioners for executing the

faid adt fhall, within their refpedtive divifions, as foon after, the

receipt of any such fchedules as conveniently may be, caufe an

afleffment to be made according to the diredfions of the faid adt,

conformably to the fchedules fo tranfmitted, which afleffment fo

made fhall and is hereby declared to be good and effectual in law,

............  notwithftanding  any  former afTeffment under the faid adt, and

thereto,which notwithflanding any payments under such former afleffment, to

fhall bind the bind the perfon or perfons to the payment of the fums charged

in such latter afTeffment from the. time of pafling the faid adt,

ftibjedt neverthelefs to such relief, abatement, and allowance, and

to such appeals as by the faid adt or this adt is diredted in cafes

of afleffment.

CommifTion-ers of taxes may from further returns refpeft-ing aflelf-

the duties on houfes, &c. caufe fche~ dules to be prepared and

fioners for executing the recited adt, who fhall caufe aflelf-ments to be made conformably

parties.

Payments upon former afleffments to be dedudted from inftal-ments of afle Aments under this adt, &c.

IT. Provided always, That where any payment or payments fhall have been made upon any former afleffment under the faid adt, before the time of figning, or allowance of the afleffment to be made by virtue of this adt, such payment or payments fhall be dedudted from the amount of any inftalment or inftalments to be difeharged upon any afleffment made in purfuance of this adt: provided alfo, That no payment fhall be demanded upon any afTeffment to be made by virtue of this adt, until and upon the time appointed by the faid adt for the payment of the inftalment next enfuing the figning and allowing the afleffment to be made by virtue of this adt, and that at the time of such fir ft payment, all differences between the fums adtually paid on such former afleffment, and the fums which ought to have been due according to the afleffment to be made by virtue of this adt, fhall be adjufted, and the balance on either fide be paid or allowed as the cafe may require, fo that no more or lefs fhall be returned into the receipt of exchequer, in the whole, by any payments, whether under the former or any new afleffment, than the fums charged according to the afleffment to be made by virtue of this adt, and upon the making of any such afleffment as aforesaid, in purfuance of this adt, the former afleffment upon the fame perfon in refpedt of the faid additional duties fhall ceafe and determine.

III. And whereas the furveyors and infpeflors are empowered by the faid att to examine the ajjcfjment before and after the

allowance

Hoste 

1797*1 Annoregni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. Si. 863

allowance thereof.\ and if they find any error therein, to certify

the fame to the refpefiive commijfioners; be it further enacted.

That in every cafe where any furveyor or infpeitor fhall have Where fur-

difcovered or certified, or fhall difcover or certify, to the com- veyors certify

mifiioners for executing the faid a6T, any error in any /uch afiefi-'a^f^mentg

ment, the co m mi Alone rs for executing the faid act are hereby under recited

required, at the requeft of such furveyor or infpedlor, to hear and ad, the com-

examine into the fame as foon after the paffing of this a6f, as mifiioners to

i o  '  determine

they conveniently can, and to make their determination thereupon thereupon

according to the directions of this a61, and to caufe the afiefTment according to

of such perfon or perfons to be-amended accordingly, which this a£t, &c.

afiefTment or alleiTments fo amended fhall have effedt from the

time of the commencement of the faid a61, and the determination

of the commiAioners thereupon fhall be binding upon the parties

from the time of pafling the faid a 61, as if the faid afleflrnent had

been originally fo made, and upon the payment thereupon of the

firft in Aral ment* next enfuing such determination, the like adjuft-

ment and balance of the fums paid on the faid afleflrnent before

the amendment thereof, and of the fum due on the afleflrnent fo

amended, fhall be made and ftruck as is herein-before directed;

and such afleflrnent fo amended lhall be conclufive, except as

herein-after is excepted.

IV.  And be it further enadfed, That if any furveyor or infpeblor Surveyors, delivering, or caufing to be delivered, any such certificate as°£paitjeL aforesaid, or any party charged by such certificate, fhall be dif- their certifi-fatisfied with the determination of the faid commiAioners, and cates, if dif-fliall then declare himfelf or herfelf diAatisfied with such deter- Satisfied with mination, or if any^party who fhall have appealed agafnft any fimis ™f”he afleflrnent made by virtue of the faid a£t, fhall, within two calendar Co m million-months from the paAing of this adf, or if any perfon whose appeal ers, may re-againft any such afiefTment fhall be determined after the pa fling q>-Hre a cafe of this a 61, fhall, at the time of such determination, declare himfelf ^theo*^^nion or herfelf diAatisfied with the determination upon such appeal, of the judges, and fhall give notice to the furveyor or infpedlor for the diftridl Sec. where such appeal fhall have been made of his or her intention to require a cafe as herein-after mentioned, it fiiall he lawful for such furveyor or infpe&or, and for (uch party refpe6lively, to require the commiAioners adling for the divifion where such certiAcate was delivered^ or such appeal was made, to ftate fpecially the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; and the faid commiAioners, or the major part of them prefent at any meeting within such divifion where such requeft fhall be made, are hereby required to ftate and fign such cafe accordingly; and every such cafe (hall be tranfmitted to the refpeelive juftices, barons, or judges, of the refpeTfive courts in England and Scotland, for their opinion thereon, in the manner directed by law, with refpebt to the duties under the management of his Majesty’s commiAioners for the affairs of taxes, and fubjebt to the like rules, penalties, and reftri61 ions, to which the perfons requiring such cafes to be tranfmitted are by Jaw fubjedt; provided always, That the faid commiAioners a&ing as may alfo

L l L 3  for  the commif.

864 Anno regni tricefimo cxflavo Georgi'j. III. c. 81. [1797*

fioners upon for the divifion where such certificate (hall be delivered, or appeal bw mattei °* be made, may, upon any matter of law arifing thereupon in refped of the duties granted by the faid ad, ftate a cafe for, and require the opinion of, such juftices, judges, or barons, in like manner as they are authorifed to do by any law now in force with refped to the duties now under the management of his Majesty’s commiffioners for the affairs of taxes.

V.  And whereas, fince the paffing of the faid the duties therein mentioned, then payable have been repealed, and other duties have been fubjiituted in lieu thereof; be it further enabled,

fon^hav^been  ca^es where any perfon fnall have been affeffed to

affeffed to the any °f *he duties then payable, by any affefirnent made prior to duties payable the fixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety^ under recited eight, the affeffment made by virtue of the faid ad on the amount ments^ rior to °* t^ie duties then payable, (hall, not with (landing the repeal April 6, 1798,°^ t^ie foid duties then payable, or any thing in the faid ads the affeffment contained, or either of them, be in full force and effed; and on the amount every affeffment made or to be made by virtue of the faid ad, on i-u..  any perfon fo affeffed to any of the faid duties then payable, fhall,

notwithstanding the repeal of the fame by the faid ads, or any thing herein contained, be calculated on the amount of the duties then payable, contained in such affeffment of the fame; and every such affeffment (hall be valid and effedual notwithflanding such repeal, or any thing in the faid a6ts contained, or either of them.

VI.  And be it further enaded. That if any perfon fhall, by any affeffment made after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be affeiled, in refped of the fubftituted duties now payable, to any greater amount than the amount contained in the prior affeffment of the duties payable at the paffing of the faid ad, and such encreafe fin a 11 arife wholly by reafon of the encreafe of the fubftituted duties now payable, and not by any encreafe in number of any of the fubjeds of such affeffmenr, such perfon fhall not be charged 'with any further additional duty by reafon of such encreafed amount: provided always. That if such encreafed amount, or any part thereof, (hall be found to arife by reafon of any encreafe in the number of any of the fubjeds of such affeffment, then such part of the faid encreafe as fhall fo arife fhall be added to the amount of the duties contained in the former affeffment whereon the additional duty was calculated; and the faid duty (hall thenceforth be calculated on the amount of such fums when added as aforefaid.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if any perfon not affeffed within the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to any of the duties, payable at and immediately before the paffing of the faid

be charged to a(c^ therein mentioned, (hall be affefied to any of the fubftituted the addinojial (jutjes now payable in any fubfequent year, during the term in by 38 Geo^3. the faid ad mentioned, such perfon fhall be charged to the c. 16. on the additional duty granted by the faid ad, on the amount of the amountof the fubftituted duties contained in such affeffment, although such duties were not payable at the time of the paffing of the faid ad.

VIII.  And

of the duties (hall be in force, &c.

If any perfon fhall, after April 5, 1798, be alfeffed in refped to the fubftituted duties to a greater amount than the prior affeffiient, wholly by reafon of their , encreafe, he fhall not be charged with a further additional duty, See.

If any perfon not affeffed within the year ending April 5, 1798, fhall be affeffed to the fubftituted duties, he fhall

fubftituted duties.

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 82.  865

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That the relief intended to Perfons hav-be given by the faid ad to any perfon who fhall have ceafed

keep any fervant, carriage, or horfe, before the firft day of before ^

November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, fhall be Nov. 1, 1797,

conftrued to extend to all such perfons who fhall have bona fide may appeal,

remained during the whole interval between the faid firft day 0f^orw^c^

November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the be ap- '

time of hearing any appeal, in purfuance of this ad, without any pointed, &c.

fervant, carriage, or horfe, liable to the duties payable by law on

fuch fervants, carriages, and horfes refpedively, in lieu of the

former fervant, carriage, or horfe; and every perfon coming

under the eircumftances above flated, and not having received

the relief thereby intended, fhall be at liberty to appeal from any

afTefTment under the faid ad, in refped of any such fervant, horfe,

or carriage, for which purpose a day or days of appeal fhall be

appointed as foon as conveniently may be after the palling of this

ad, or in default of such appointment, the fame fhall be heard on

any day or days appointed for hearing and determining appeals

againft any afTefTment of the duties on houfes, windows, or lights,

by the laws in force at and immediately before the palling of

this ad.

IX.  And whereas, in fome injlances, theatres and other places of publick /hew or entertainment have been affejfed under the authority of the faid aft of this fejfion of parliament, as inhabited houfes, by which they will be fubjeft to the highejl rate of duty thereby ijnpofed, and it is expedient that the proprietors of such places Jhould be relieved

therefrom; be it therefore further enadted, That every theatre or Places of pub-other place duly licenfed for publick {hew or entertainment, ^n^x^ t~ except such part thereof which fhall be occupied as a dwelling such parts as , houfe, (hall be charged to the duties granted by the faid ad, are occupied under the like rules, methods, and regulations as are in the faid as dwelling ad prefcribed with refped to houfes, part whereof fhall be char^ed^s^ occupied as fhops; and the commiflloners for executing the faid houifs part ad fhall, in every cafe where any afTefTment of any theatre or whereof are other licenfed place aforefaid fhall have been otherwife made, fhops. fhall caufe the fame to be amended, and the duties contained in such amended afTefTment to be levied accordingly, in purfuance of the rules herein-before prefcribed, with refped to affelTments altered or amended in any of the cafes before mentioned.

CAP. LXXXII.

An a£t for railing an additional fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the lervice of the year 1798.—[June a8, 1798.]

Commifiioners of the treafury may raife 3,500,0001. by loans and exchequer bills before Dec. 1, 1798, in like manner as is prefcribed by the malt a<5t of this feftion concerning loans. The claufes in the faid a<5t relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this aft. Exchequer bills fo iffued, not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before Jan. 5, 1799- Action not to lie for such refufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the fir It fupplies granted next frfiion; and if the lupplies granted before April 5, 1799, are infufficient, to be charged on the confolidated fund. Monies fo blued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies.

L L L 4  CAP.

C A P. LXXXIII.

An ad to authorife exchequer bills to be i fiued on the credit of the loan granted by an ad, made in this prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled, An ad for railing the fum of feventeen millions by way of annuities.— [June 28, 1798.]

Commifiioners of the treafury may raife 3,000,000!. by exchequer bills before Nov. 23, 1798) on the credit of the loan granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 37. in like manner as is prefcribed by th.e malt ad of this fefiion concerning exchequer bills. Exchequer bills to bear an intcreft not exceeding 3d. aq. per cent, per diem, and to be received in three months after their date as calh in payment of taxes, and of any i nihil men t of the loan of 17,000,000b Cafhier of the bank to receive in payment of the loan fuck exchequer bibs when the fame become payable, and compute the mtereft* thereon. Adion to lie in cafe of refufal: Exchequer bills not to be taken by any coliedor or receiver of the revenue before they become payable.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An ad to enable the lords commifiioners of his Majesty’s treafury to ifiiie exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as fhall artle by virtue of an ad of this fefiion, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and alfo on such rates and duties as may be granted by any ad of this fefiion for the better pro«r tedion of the trade of this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of (hips entering outwards or inwards.—[June 28, 1798.]

Commifiioners of the treafury may after July 5, 1798, ifiue exchequer bills to the amount of 1,750,000b payable out of the duties and contributions arifing by ads 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. & 76. Three months after the date of such bills, in like manner as is prefcribed by the malt ad of this fefiion concerning exchequer bills. Exchequer bills not to be taken by any coliedor or receiver of the revenue before they become payable. Exchequer bills to bear an intereft not exceeding id. aq. percent, per diem, and such of them as {hall not be paid out of the duties and contributions aforesaid, {hall be received at the exchequer as_cafh three months after the date thereof.

CAP. LXXXV.

An aEl for explaining and amending certain aEis relating to the Jlamp duties; and for extending the rates and duties of ft amps, now payable on vellum, parchment, and paper, to all other materials.— [June 28, 1798.]

WHEREAS by an a El, puffed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled. An a<5t for granting to his Majesty certain {lamp duties on the feveral matters therein mentioned ; and for better fecuring the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others, pradifing in certain courts of juftice in Great Britain ; certain provifions are made to enforce the payment of a diJlinEl and feparate Jlamp duty, in refpeEl of each copyhold tenement, and alfo in refpeEl of each cujlom right or tenant right ejlate, not being copyhold, mentioned in any furrender, admittance, or inflrument of admittance, whereupon a feveral fine fhall be due or payable to the lord or lady of any honor or manor, or a feveral fee fhall be demanded or received by any Jleward

or

Preamble.

37 Geo. 3. c. 90.

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 85.'  S67

or deputy ft e-ward of fucb honor or manor, with certain penalties on the fteward or officer of any copyhold or cuffomary court for any ne-gleft or omijjion in his duty, as prefcribed by the faid aft : and whereas great difficulties may arife in afcertaining for what particular tenements the f ries paid to the lord or lady of any honor or manor may ke due and payable, or for what particular tenements the fees received by the fteward or other officer of ’Juch manor may be demanded, ivhere Jeveral and cliff in ft tenements have been comprized in the fame fur-render or inferument of admittance before the paffing of the faid aft : may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enadfed by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and bv the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this Diftinft Ramp adfj’diftindf and feveral (lamp duties (hall not be required, except duties not rein such cafes only where the tenements mentioned in the fame furrender, admittance, copy or inftrument of admittance, (hall, tenement before the paffing of the faid recited a61, have been furrendered, mentioned in granted, or conveyed, in and by different furrenders, admittances, any furrender, copies or inftruments of admittance, in which cafes, a feveral and &c* t.xceb? m "d'ftinft ftamp duty fhall be charged in refpedf of each and every ca ain ca es-fuch tenement of the value of twenty (hillings per annum, or upwards, which at any time, from and after the paffing of this a6l, fhall be added to any other tenement, or mentioned therewith, to be furrendered, granted, or conveyed in or by the fame furrender, admittance, copy or inftrument of admittance; and if Officers of any fteward or other officer of any copyhold court, or of any £°j^s°^c cuftomary or tenant right court, fhall mention or describe, cr ^Cfcnb:j,)5xj* permit or procure to be mentioned or described, in any furrender, jrj any fur-admittance, copy of court roll, or inftrument of admittance, render, &c. feveral tenements which were not feverallv comprifed in the fame furrender, admittance, copy of court roll, or inftrument of ad- GompriAci mittance, made before the paffing of the faid recited a61, without the fame furprocuring the furrender, admittance, copy or inftrument of ad-vender, &c. mittance, in which the faid tenements fhall be fo mentioned °r  to

described, to be duly ftamped, 2nd the duty paid for the fame, vAfthout being according to the true intent and meaning of the faid recited a61 duly ft imped, and this acf, every such fteward or officer {hall, for every such liable to neglect, forfeit the like penalties, and be liable in like manner for f^naltA the duty dire6ied to be paid as aforesaid, and for the penalties incurred, as any such fteward or officer may he fubjedl to by the faid recited a6f for offences committed againft the lame.

II. And ivhere as by an aft paffed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An acf for granting to his J5 Oeo. 3. Majesty a duty on certificates iffiied for ufing hair powder, the clerks of the peace, town clerks, fferiffs depute, or ft swart clerks, or tev8 t her Aw

their refpeftive deputies, are required to execute certain matters pro- required to be

formed by perfons to be appointed by the commiffioners fo \duties on Jiamped vellum, parchment, and paper; be

to

be executed it further by such per-

enacted, r°ns as tllc:

cormniihoncrs

S68

for (lamps (hall appoint.

Perfons fo appointed to have l'uch allowance for incidents as the commif-

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 85. [1797*

ena£led, That the feveral matters which by the faid a61 are required to be done by the clerks of the peace, town clerks, fheriffs depute, or ftewart clerks, or their refpedtive deputies, (hall, from and after the palling of this abe carried into execution by such perfons as the faid commiffioners for the lime being, for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or any three or more of them, fhall think fit to appoint; and the perfons fo to be appointed as aforesaid, fhall have the like authority to grant copies of any lifts or parts thereof, and (hall be entitled to the like fees for such copies as the faid clerks of the peace, town clerks, fheriffs depute, ftewart clerks, or deputies, are now authorifed to grant and entitled unto, and the copies fo to be granted fhall be of the like validity in all refpedfs as any copies granted according to the dire&ions of the faid recited a61: pro-r vided always, That the perfons fo to be appointed, fhall have fioners fhall such allowance and no other, for their incidental expences, as the think reafoi> faid commiffioners for the time being fhall think reafonable, and fubjefttoftie  fubjeft  and liable to such and the like penalties and for-

like penalties feitures in all refpe61s as the faid clerks of the peace, town clerks, as the clerk of fheriffs depute, ftewart clerks, or their deputies refpedlively, are the peace. made fubje6t and liable to by the faid recited a6f.

Policies of HI. And be it further enafied. That every policy of infurance IromToffes by mac^e a^ter Pa^ing °f this a6f for infuring houfes, furniture, fire exempt * goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from lofs by fire, (hall be exempt from the ftamp duties granted by an a6f, paffed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majejly an additional jlamp duty on deeds.

..  IV.  And be it further ena61ed, That the feveral and refpe6Hve

vellum &c rates and duties now chargeable on vellum, parchment, and paper, in refpe6t of any matter or thing engroffed, written, or printed thereon, fhall be charged, raifed, levied, and paid upon every other material of what nature or kind foever, on which any of the faid matters or things fhall, from and after the palling of this a6f, be engroffed, printed, or written, which feveral and refpe61ive rates and duties (hall be charged, afcertained, and fecured in like manner as the duties now payable on vellum, parchment, and paper are dire61ed to be charged, afcertained, and fecured by the laws now in force.

V. And be it further ena6ted. That all the powers, provifions, the fame^o ° rules, regulations, methods, articles, claufes, penalties, and for-cxtend to all feitures, and applications of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, which in and by any a6f or a£ls of parliament now in force, relating to any of the rates and duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, fhall be in full force and effect, with relation to the rates and duties to be charged on all other materials as aforesaid, and fhall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, recovering, collecting, and fecuring the faid rates and duties on all other materials as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this a6t, as fully and effediually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame

had

from duties granted by 37 Geo. 3.

C.III.

Duties now

to extend to all materials on which the like matters (hall be en-grolfed, &c.

and the pow-

fuch materials.

x797-l Annoregni tncefimo oftavoGEORGii III. c. 86.  869

had feverally and refpe&ively been hereby re-ena£ted, with relation to all other materials as aforefaid.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for abolijbiiig certain offices in the cufoms, and for regulating certain other offices therein; and for applying the fees which have been received from vacant offices towards the aug?nentation of the Juperannnation fund.—[June 28, 1798.]

WHEREAS certain offices in his Majefly’s cufloms in England, Preamble.

which have been njually granted by letters patent under the great feal, have been found to be unneceffiary ; and other offices in the faid cufloms, which have been alfo ufually granted by like letters patent, although the duties, or fome thereof are neceffiary or vfeful, have been commonly executed by deputies appointed by the patentees reflectively ; and feveral of juch offices are now vacant, and others are held by letters patent heretofore granted; audit is expedient that fome of the faid offices Jhould be abolifhed, and that others Jhould not in future be granted by letters patent, and foould be abolijhed, fo far as any of the duties thereof Jhall appear not to be neceffiary or ufeful\ and that provifion floould be made for the difeharge of such duties, in such manner as Jhall be found convenient for the publick fervice: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may he enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral offices in the cufloms, of infpe£tor The offices of of profecutions, regifter of goods feifed and of informations and  of

fuits, infpedftor and examiner of the books of the patent, and jn the 9 other officers of the ports, furveyor general of the cuftoms, and cuftoms, not fubfidies iii the port of London, cuftomers or collectors at the out to be hereafter ports, and keeper of the books of entries for the port of London, f^lTof theni fhall not, nor fhall any of them, from and after the paffing of as are vacant, this a iff, be granted to any perfon or perfons whomfoever; and and the others that such of the faid feveral offices as are vacant fhall forthwith as they be-be, and the fame are hereby wholly abolifhed; and that such of tot>e abo^1 them as are not vacant fhall hereafter, from time to time as the Ufaed. fame fhall refpeeftively become vacant, be in like manner abolifhed; and the fame are hereby, from and afeer the refpetftive times when the fame (hall refpe&ively become vacant as afore-faid, wholly abolifhed.

II. And be it further enadfted, That the feveral offices of re- The offices jgifter general of trading fhips, infpeeftor of the out port colledlors of regifter accounts and vouchers, comptroller of the cufloms in the port of  ffiips

London, excepting the duties on cloth, wool, and leather export- See. not to be ed; collector of the fubfidies of tonnage and poundage in the granted, and port of London, colledtor of the cufloms of tonnage and pound- iucl1 °f them age outwards in the port of London and keeper of the cocquet feal, ^dthe'others nineteen waiters commonly called King's IVaiiers in the port of as they be-London, chief patent fearcher of the cuftoms in the port of Lon- come vacant, dm, five under fearchers in the port of London, two fearch- * ^ ^ fovlTas prs at Gravefend\ comptroller at the out ports, fearchers at the herein-after

out mentioned.

S/O Anno regni trlcefimo odlavo Georgii III. c. 86. [1797-

out ports, and four King’s waiters in the port of Bri/iol, being offices the duties whereof are in part ufeful and neceffary, (hall not, nor (hall any of such offices, from and after the palling of this acd, be granted to any perfon or perfons by patent or other-wife, fave as herein-after mentioned, and that such of them as f are vacant ffiall forthwith be abolifhed, and the fame are hereby abolifhed, fave as herein-after provided, and that such of them as are not vacant (hall hereafter, from time to time as the fame ffiall refpedlively become vacant, be in like manner abolifhed; and the fame are hereby accordingly, from and after the refpec-tive times when the fame ffiall refpedtively become vacant, abolifhed, fave as herein-after mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the officers before mentioned, or any of them, ffiall not be compelled to any other attendance on the duty of their feveral offices during the continuance of the exifting grants to them than has hereto-

The prefent officers not con', pell a hie to any other duly than as heretofore. The com mif-lioners of the

the duties of furli of the 1 aft-mentioned offices as ffiall appear to be neceffia-y, &c.

fore been given.

IV. Provided always, That it ffiall and may be lawful to and

cuftoms, with f°r t^e com mi iii oners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, with the appro-

the approba- bation of the high treafurer or commiffioners of his Majeffy’s

tion of the treafury for the time being, to provide for the execution of such

trea uiy, may 0p tj,e (jutjes 0f the feveral offices la ft mentioned, as ffiall in their provide iorthe .  .  5  .  .

execution of judgement appear to be neceiiary or ufeful, either by appointing

(by inftruments under their hands, with the approbation aforefaid) proper perfons to execute, during their pleafure, such ne-cefiary and ufeful duties of fo many of the faid offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of fo many of the faid offices as are not vacant, when and as the fame ffiall refpeeftively become vacant, and by confolidating in one or more office or offices, or fepa-r2ting into diftintff or different offices, such neceffary and ufeful duties respectively, and otherwife regulating such offices refpec-tively, in such manner as the commiffioners of his Majeffy’s cuftoms, with the approbation of the faid high treafurer, or commiffioners of his Majeffy’s treafury for the time being, (hall in their judgement from time to time think fit and proper.

V.  And whereas the office of coiled!or outwards in the port of London zuas, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, hell by George late duke of Manchefter for the term of his life, and ihe life of bis brother Charles Greville Montagu, commonly called Lord Charles Greville Montagu, by letters patent, and letters patent were prepared in the Janie year to pafs ihe great feal on a fur--render of the then e ::ifl ing patent by the faid late duke, granting the faid cjfice to him, his executors, admin jlrators, or afftgns, for and during his natural life, and the natural lives of William now duke ^Mancheffer and lord Frederick Montagu his fons, in purfuance oj his Mcjejly*s warrant Jor that purpose, which letters patent did not pafs the great feal, but the profits and emoluments of the faid office have been ever fine e enjoyed by the faid George late duke of Man-chefier and his family, in the fame manner as if such letters patent had been completed: and whereas it is expedient that the-faid office jhould not be granted by letters patent as aforesaid, and that the fame

fhould

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgix IIL c. 85,  871

Jhould be abolijbed after the deaths of the perfons during whof: lives the grant was intended to have been made; be it therefore enacted.

That during the lives of the faid William duke of Manchefler and Frederick Montagu, commonly called Lord Frederick Montagu, the tor oiitwirds (alary, fees, and emoluments due to the collector outwards in in the port of the port of London, (hall continue to be received and taken in London, to he such and the like manner and to the like amount^ and that the fame perfons (hall be entitled to the profits of the faid office as if ag if letters letters patent for granting the faid office had been perfected, as patent had directed by his Majesty’s faid warrant, in the year one thousand been per'etft-seven hundred and eighty-two; and that, from and after the ec* ?? death of the furvivor of the faid William duke of Manchefler and ty’s vvarrant in Frederick Montagu, commonly called Lord Frederick Montagu, 1782; and the faid office (hould be abolifhed: provided always, That during from the the lives of the laft- mentioned perfons, it (hall and may be law- ^eat.h ful for the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England, or duke^of Man-any four or more of them, with the confent and approbation of chefter and his the lords commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, to appoint pro- brother, the per perfons to execute all the neceffiary duties of the faid office ofrt^iffhed^ collector outwards in the port of London.  “ • /  -

VI.  And be it further enaded, That the fcveral offices of re- ji^^he ^ ceiver and accomptant for Tales of condemned goods fold in Lon- commiffioners don, receiver of his Majesty’s (hare of enumerated goods, fines, of the cuf-and forfeitures, remitted from the out ports, comptroller of his ^^eojrt^n^t of Majesty’s (hare of enumerated goods, fines, and forfeitures, re- tjie trJafury, mitted from the out ports, accomptant of petty receipts in the may appoint cuftoms, furveyor of the cuftoms, (except in the port of London), perfons to four examiners of the out port books in the port of London), ^xecute the cuftomer of cloth and petty cuftoms in the port of London, col- prQ^* yuj leclor of the petty cuftoms of aliens in the port of London, and the^of-keeperof the cocquetfeal to the laid office belonging, comptroller frees of re-

of the pretermitted cuftoms in the port of London, collector of ceiver and ao

the cuftoms of hides, woolfells, lead, and tin, in the port of pu^ofcon°r

London, and keeper of the feal called The Cocquet, in the port demned

aforefaid, comptroller of the cuftoms of wool, hides, and wool- goods, &c.

fells, lead and tin, and alfo of the fubfidies of three (hillings for not to be

every dolium, and of twelve-pence of every pound in the port of

London, (hall not, nor (hall any of them, from and after the fifth mentioned.

day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be

granted to any perfons or per foil by letters patent or other wife,

fave as herein after mentioned.

VII.  Provided always, That it (ball and may be lawful for the The commif-

commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, with the approbation 0f doners °f the .  , . ,  ^  r  oj  5  .  .  .  V , y r cuitoms, with

the high trealurer, or commiffioners of his Majelty s treafury, ple approba-

as to any of such offices which are now vacant, and likevvi fe tion of the from time to time when and as any of such offices which are not treafury, may vacant (hall become vacant, either wholly to fupprefs and aboiifh such offices, or any of them, or any parts or part thereof, or of^-^ces. any of them, or otherwife to regulate the lame in such manner as they III all think fit and proper; and in cafe the faid commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms ffinffil think fit, (with such approbation

and may provide for the execution of the duties of such as they fhall think ne-ceffary, &c.

87! Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgix III. c. 86. [1797.

tion as atorefaid), either wholly or in part to abolifh any of such offices, the fame (hall, from and after the confirmation by the high treafurer, or commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, of any order which the faid commifjioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms (hall make for that purpose, be, and the fame are hereby abolifhed, either wholly or in parr, and in such manner and fubjeft to such provifions as in such order fhall be expreffed.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That it Avail and maybe lawful to and for the commifiioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, with the approbation of the high treafurer, or commifiioners of bis Majesty’s treafury for the time being, from time to time to provide for the execution of such of the duties of the feveral offices laft mentioned, as fhall in their judgement appear to be ne-ceflary or ufeful, either by appointing under their hands proper perfons to execute, during their pleafure, such duties of fo many of the faid feveral offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of fo many of the faid feveral offices as are not vacant, when and as the fame fhall refpeftively become vacant, and by confolidating in one or more office or offices, or feparating into different offices, such neceffary or ufeful duties refpeftively, and otherwife regulate such offices refpeftively in such manner as the faid com* miffioners of his Majeffy’s cuftoms, with the approbation of the high treafurer or commifiioners of his Majesty’s treafury, fhall in their judgement from time to time deem fit and proper.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That all perfons who fhall or may, before the fifth day of July onethousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have been appointed to execute any of the duties of any of the faid feveral offices not wholly abolifhed by this aft, fhall, to all intents and purposes, have the fame power and.au-

ces ^lainiave thority to execute and perform such duties of such offices refpec-thefamepow- tively, as they would have had if this aft had not been made, er as they untj] such perfons refpeftively, or fome other perfon or perfons, ha^'^revlous  be  aPP°'nte^ to execute such duties refpeftively under the

.PreNlou:l authority of this aft; and that all perfons who Avail or may be appointed to execute any of the duties of any of such offices under the authority of this aft, fhall have the fame powers and authorities, to all intents and purposes, to execute and perform such duties refpeftively, as the fame perfons refpeftively would have had if such perfons had been appointed to such offices refpeftively

All perfons appointed before July St 1798, to execute the duties of any the faid offi-

to this ad till others are appointed, who fhall have the fame powers as if appointed

before July 5, before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, according to the terms of the feveral warrants which such perfons fo to be appointed (hall refpeftively receive from the faid commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms for executing such duties refpeftively.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, with the approbation of the high treafurer, or commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, to appoint such falaries to be taken and had by the feve-rajperf0ns who (hall be appointed by the faid commiffioners of his rich to perfons Majesty’s cuftoms to execute any of the duties of any of the faid

offices

Commiffioners of the cuftoms, with the approbation ol the

 ^ooQle

1797*1 Annoregnitricefimo o6lavo Georgii III. c. 86.  87  3

offices not wholly abolifhed by this adl, as the faid commillioners executing the fhall think fit, not exceeding the falaries, fees, perquifites, and profits, heretofore had and taken by the perfons who have from ^oliffied; time to time held and enjoyed such offices refpedlively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the abfolute abolition  t*le-

of any office under the proviiions of this a<ft, it (hall and may be any office? to lawful for the commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms in England make com-for the time being (with the approbation of the high treafurer, or penfation to commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury for the time being), to make such juft and reafonable compenfation as they (hall, in their who^vereem-judgement, think proper, to the deputy or deputies, clerk or ployed therein clerks, or to any other perfon or perfons who, on and immedi- before the ately before the pa fling of this a£t, was or were employed in such P^hng of this office fo abolifhed as aforefaid.  c  L '

XII.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That when and as When necef-

often as it fhall be found neceflary to make a new appointment fary t0 ma.kfa 1  ,  ,  r  ,  .  0  J  .  .  r  ,  new appoint-

under the autnonty or this act, for the execution of any of the ment for exe.

duties of such of the offices herein mentioned as fhall be reauifite cuting the

to be performed, although the patents are abolifhed, the com- duties of of-

miffioners of the cuftorns fhall, in all such cafes, lay an account th^’ateius^

of the fame before both houfes of parliament, within fourteen are abolifhed,

days of the beginning of each feffion, defcribing the office, and an account to

the amount of the falary, which fhall he appointed for the fame, be laid before

XIII.  And whereas a fuperannuation fund has long been ejlablijhed P^'hanient. under the management of the commiffioners of his Majejly’s cufoms,

for the benefit of aged and infirm or difabled officers: and whereas fever al fums of money have been received as fees or emoluments of various offices in the cufoms now vacant, and have accrued during the vacancy of such offices : and whereas it would promote the good of the fervice, by rewarding and encouraging the officers under the management of the commiffioners of his Majeffs cufoms, iffuch fums of money were to be appropriated and applied in augmentation of the faid fuperannuation fund: be it therefore enabled, That the leveral fums of money which have been or may be received previous to v^us t0 the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, 5, l798, for for fees or emoluments of offices fo abolifhed and vacant as fe?s of offices aforesaid, fhall be appropriated and applied in augmentation of the faid fund, called The Superannuation Fund, in such manner as acjded to the the faid commiffioners of his Majesty’s cuftorns for the time fuperanmia-being, or any four or more of them, fhall in their judgement tion fund, and difcretion think fitting and proper, and fhall by writing under their hands diredl.

XIV. And be it further enabled. That no officer or other No perfon to perfon (hall be put upon the faid fuperannuation fund, except on the commiffioners of: the cuftorns, or any four or more of them, nuation fund being fatisfied that such officer or other perfon is actually unfit to till incapable continue in the execution of the duties of his employment from of his employ* age, illoefs, or other infirmity ; and that a lift of all perfons who fhall be put upon the faid fund (hall be laid before both houfes of pUt thereon to parliament, within fourteen days after tbe commencement of be laid before every feffion, fpecifying the offices which such perfons held, and parliament.

the



Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 87. [Jr797.

the times they enjoyed the fame, with the falaries or emoluments thereof, and what proportions of such falaries or emoluments are continued to such perfons, and ftating .the reafons for their being fuperannuated, with the names of the perfons who fucceeded them.

C A P. LXXXVII.

An aft for the ad mini fir at ion of affets in cafes where the executor to whom probate has been granted is out of the realm.-*-[June 28,

1798.]

TT 7 HERE AS the Iaivs now exijling are not fujficient to enforce a

VV fpeedy dijlribution of the ajfets of deceafed perfons where the

executor to whom probate of the will hath been granted is out of the

jurifdiftion of his Majeftf s courts of law and equity \ be it therefore

certa’n eriod ena(^ec^ by Xing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the

the executor * a^vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-

to whom pro- mons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority

bate is grant- Gf the fame, That, at the expiration of twelve calendar months

ed, fliall not from the death of any teftator, if the executors or executor to rende with in  J  7

the jurifdic- whom probate of the will fhall have been granted, are or is then tion of his  refiding out of the jurifdidlion of his Majelly’s courts of law and

Maivfty’s  equity, it (hall be lawful for the ecclefiaftical court which hath

C°Ulkation of grante^ probate of such will, upon the application of any cre-acreditor See. clitor, next of kin, or legatee, grounded on the affidavit herein-fpecial admi- after mentioned, to grant such fpecial adminiftration as herein-niftration may after is alfo mentioned; which adminiftration fhall be written or for^vhkh^a pouted upon paper or parchment {lamped only with one five es. (lamp duty {billing ftamp, and fhall pay no further or other duty to his ill all be paid. Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors.

The party ap- II. And be it further enadfed, That the party applying to the plying to fpiritual court to grant such adminiftration as aforesaid, (hall make tne fol- majce an affidavit in the following words, or to the purport and davit!** a e fol lowing:

874

Preamble.

•r n ft______________

Affidavit. 4 T A. B.  of  do fwear, That that there is due

JL and owing to me, upon bond or fimple contract, or upon account  unfettfed, as  the cafe  may happen to be, (in  which  latter

cafe be fhall fwear to  the befl  of his belief only), from the  eftate

and effedls of  deceafed,  the fum of  and  that

C. ZX, the only executor capable of adting, and to whom probate hath been granted, hath departed this kingdom and is now out of the jurifdidfion of his Majeily’s courts of law and equity, and that this deponent is defirous of exhibiting a bill in equity in his Majesty’s court of  * for the purpose of being paid his

demand out of the a {lets of the faid teftator/

Adminiftra- III. And be it further enadled. That the adminiftration to be

tLon to  be  planted  purfuant to  this act  {ball be in the form  herein-after

granted in the b .  q , .  .  r x

following mentioned; (that is to lay),

form.

€  by divine providence, archbifhop of Canterbury, pri-

mate

x 797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 87.  S75

. mate of all England and metropolitan, to our well-beloved in Chrtft  greeting:  whereas it hath been alledged before

the worfhipful  dodfor  of  laws,  furrogate  of

dodfor of laws, rnafter, keeper, or commiffary of our prerogative court of Canterbury, lawfully conftituted by you the faid That  did,  whilft  living and of found mind, memory,

and underftanding, make and duly execute his laft will and tefta-ment in writing, and did therefore nominate, conftitute, and appoint,  his  executors, (or, foie executor), who in the

month of  proved the faid will by the authority of our

faid court, and now re fide (or, refides) out of this kingdom, and out of the jurifdidfion of his Majesty’s courts of law and equity,

(as in and by an affidavit duly made and fworn to by and brought into and left in the regiftry of our faid court, (reference being thereunto had will more fully and at large appear): and whereas the furrogate aforesaid, having duly confidered the premiles, did, at the petition of the faid  decree letters

of adminiftration of all and fmgular the goods, chattels, and credits of the faid  deceafed, to be committed and granted

to you the faid  named by or on the behalf of the faid

a creditor, (legatee) or (one of the next kin) of the faid deceafed, (as- the cafe may be), limited for the purpose, to become and be made a. party to a bill or bills to be exhibited . againft you in any of his Majesty’s courts of equity, and to carry the decree or decrees of any of the faid court or courts into effedl, but no further or otherwife, (juftice fo requiring): and we being defirous that the faid goods, chattels, and credits, maybe well and faithfully adminiftered, applied, and difpofed of, according to law, do therefore, by thefe prefents, grant full power and authority to you, in whose fidelity we confide, to adminifter, and faithfully difpofe of the faid goods, chattels, and credits, according to the tenor and effect of the faid will, limited as aforesaid, fo far as such goods, chattels, and credits of the deceafed will thereto extend, and the law requires, you having been already fworn, well and faithfully to adminifter the fame, and to make a true and perfedt inventory of all and fingular the faid goods, chattels, and credits, fo far as the fame may come to your hands, and to exhibit the fame into the regiftry of our faid prerogative court of Canterbury, on or before the  next  enfuing, and

alfo to render a juft and true account thereof: and we do by thefe prefents ordain and conftitute you adminiftrator of all and Angular the goods, chattels, and credits, of the faid deceafed, limited as aforesaid, but no further, or otherwife.

Given at London, the  day  of  in the year of

our Lord  and  in  the  year  of  our tranflation.*

IV. And be it further enacfted, That it (hall be lawful for the C011^ may court of equity in which such fuit (hall be depending, to appoint fons^to code# (if it (hall be needful) any perfons or perfon to colled! in any outftanding outftanding debts or effects due to such eftate, and to give dif- debts.

Vol, XLL  M m ivt  charges

8j6 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 88, 89.[1797.

charges for the fame, such perfons or perfon giving fecurity in the ufual manner, duly to account for the fame, inpto dfe°nS"  And  be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for the

eftate of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, or for the deceafed, may fecretary, or deputy fecretary, of the governor and company of be transferred the bank of England, to transfer, and for the governor and com-o^the^ac1131116 PanY t^le °f England to fuffer a transfer to be made of countantge- anY  belonging to the eftate of such deceafed perfon, into

neral in chan- the name of the accountant general, in truft, for such purposes eery, in truft as the court fhall direct, in any fuit in which the perfon to whom nofeRUfls th^”  a<^m*niftration hath been granted, (hall be, or may have

no . as e been, a party: provided neverthelefs, That if the executors or executor capable of aefting as such, fhall return to and reftde within the jurifdidlion of any of the faid courts pending such fuit, such executors or executor (ball be made party to such fuit, and the coils incurred by granting such adminiilration, and by pro-juril'diCtion Qf ceding in such fuit againil such adminiftrator, fhall be paid by the court, to such perfon or perfons, or out of such fund as the court where be made a such fuit is depending fhall direeft,

party in such VI. And whereas inconveniences arife from granting probate to

pofes as the court (hall direct in any fuit.

Executors returning to re-fide within

infants under the age of twenty-one \ be it enacted, That where an

fuit.

fant^fole111* *n^ant IS f°le executor, adminiilration, with the will annexed,

executor, ad- (hall be granted to the guardian of such infant, or to such other

miniftration perfon as the fpiritual court fhall think fit, until such infant fhall

to be granted have attained the full age of twenty-one years, at which period,

dhinhe&cJar” anc* not before, Pr°hate of the will fhall be granted to him.

whoftiallhave  And  be  it enadled, That the perfon to whom such ad-

the lame  miniilration fhall be granted, fhall have the fame powers veiled

power as  in him as an adminiftrator now hath by virtue of an adminiilra-

where admi- tion granted to him durante minore estate of the next of kin. mftration is  °

ranted in ore  CAP.  LXXXVIII.

setate of the An a£l for regulating until the firft day of Auguft one thousand seven , next ol kin, hundred and ninety-nine, the (hipping and carrying of flaves in Britifh velfels from the coaft of Africa.—[June 28, 1798.]

CAP. LXXXIX.

An aft for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commijfioners of excife ; and for repealing the duties on fait, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties paid thereout, and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties thereon. —[June 28, 1798.]

Preamble. TT7HEREAS certain duties of excife are noiu payable for or in VV refpeft offoreign fait imported into Great Britain, and for or in refpeft of fait brought from Scotland into England, and for or in refpeft of fait and rock fait made at any fait works, or raifed or taken out of any pit or pits in Great Britain, and certain duties are alfo payable for or in refpeft of mineral alkali or flux for glafs made in Great Britain, and a certain duty of cujloms is Ukewfle pay able for or in refpeft of rock Jalt exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the

fleas:

1797-1 Anno regni fricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89.  877

feas: and ivbereas certain draivbacks, di[counts, allowances,

bounties,  payable out of the faid duties on fait: and whereas

it is expedient to repeal the faid duties, draivbacks, difcounts,

allowances,  bounties, and to impofe other duties,  grant other

drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof; be it therefore enadted by

the King's mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and

confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

fame, That, from and after the tenth day of Odlober one thousand From Odt.

feven hundred and ninety-eight, all and fingular the faid duties, duties^on fait

drawbacks, difcounts, allowances, and bounties, granted by any an(i the draw-

adfc or acts of parliament nowin force, (hall ceafe and determine, backs, allow-

and be no longer paid or payable, fave and except in all cafes tances». an<* ., ,  .  ^  . ° r  \\  '  ■ c  bounties, paid

relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying ot any arrears thereout

thereof refpedlively which may at that time remain unpaid, or repealed!

to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto refpedtively,

which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the

faid tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

eight.

II. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the faid ^rom tenth day of Oflober one thousand seven hundred and ninety- duties follow-eight, in lieu and in (lead of the faid duties by this a£t repealed, ing to be there fhall be railed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefly, paid ; his heirs and fucceffors, the feveral fums of money and duties of excife herein-after refpedfively mentioned ; (that is fay),

For every bufhel of fait, not being the produdl or manufacture For foreign

of Great Britain, that fhall be imported into Great Britain, j^foGreat^

thirteen (hillings and four-pence; and fo in proportion for any jBritain, 1:3s.

greater or lefs quantity :  4-d.per bu/liel:

For every bufhel of fait or rock fait that fhall be made at any for fait or

fait work, or raifed or taken out of any fait mine or fait pit in rock fait

England or Wales, ten fhillings ; and fo in proportion for any ™ad.e’ &c*111

greater or lefs quantity :  Wales", 10s. ;

For every bufhel ot fait or rock fait that fhall be made at any and jn

fait work, or raifed or taken out of any fait mine or fait pit in Scotland, 6s.

Scotland, fix (hillings and fixpence ; and fo in proportion for any 6d. per

greater or lefs quantity :  bulhel:

For every bufhel of all falts known or called by the name of Glauber

Glauber or Epfom Salts, which fhall be made or produced at any GtcatBrifain,

fait work in Great' Britain, ten fhillings ; and fo in proportion Ios. per

for any greater or lefs quantity:  bulhel :

For every ton of mineral alkali or flux for glafs, which fhall for mineral

be made of any rock fait, or from any brine or fea water, the

fum of twenty fhillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or pajt> 2QS^

lefs quantity :  per ton:

For every bufhel of rock fait which fhall be exported to parts for rock  fait

bevond the feas, one penny ; and fo in proportion for any exported, id.

J  , r  per  bufhel:

greater or lets quantity:  \

For every bufhel of fait or rock fait which fhall be imported

from Scotland into England or Wales, accompanied with a certifi- jmportedfrom

M M: M 2  cate  Scotland into

878 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

England or cate from the proper officer that it hath paid the duty of fix pTr bufhel* 6°*  an^ fixpence hereby impofed for every bufhel of fait or

rock fait made at any fait work, or taken out of any fait mine or fait pit in Scotland, three (hillings and fixpence ; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

From 0<5t. 10, 1798,the following drawbacks and bounties to be paid on exportation:

III. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the laid tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the following drawbacks and bounties (hall be made, allowed, and paid, out of the duties by this act impofed ; (that is to fay),

For fait (except rock fait) made in England or Wales, a drawback of 10s. ; and made in Scotland,

6s. 6d. per bufhel:

For every bufhel of fait which (hall be made in England or Wales (rock fait excepted) for which all the duties due and payable thereon (hall be paid or fecured to be paid, and which (hall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the Teas, a drawback or allowance of ten (hillings:

For every bufhel of fait which (hall be made in Scotland, (rock fait excepted) for which all the duties due and payable thereon (hall be paid or fecured to be paid, and which (ball be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the feas, a drawback or allowance of fix (hillings and fixpence :

For every bufhel of falts known or called by the name of G^reatBritain, Glauber or Epfom Salts, which (hall be made or produced at 9 any fait work in Great Britain, for which all the duties due and payable thereon (hall be paid or fecured to be paid, and which fhall be duly exported to parts beyond the feas, a drawback or allowance of five (hillings :

For every one hundred weight of dried cod fifh, ling, or hake, (commonly called Haber dine,) which fhall contain in length fourteen inches or upwards from the bone in the fin, to the third joint in the tail of every such fifii, and which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas, a bounty of three (hillings:

For every barrel of wet cod fifh, ling, or hake, containing as. per barrel: thirty-two gallons, which fhall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas, a bounty of two (hillings :

For every barrel of falmon, containing forty-two gallons, which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas, a bounty of four (hillings and fixpence:

For every barrel of white herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas, a bounty of two (hillings and eight-pence :

For every barrel of full red herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, which fhall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas, a bounty of one (hilling and nine-

for Glauber Salts made in

Ss. per bufhel

for dried cod fifh, &c. a bounty of 3s. perevvt.;

and for wet cod fifh, &c.

for falmon, a bounty of 4s. 6d. ;

for white herrings, as. 8d. ;

for red herrings, is. 9d. ;

and for clean fhotten red herrings, is. per barrel 1

pence:

For every barrel of clean fhotten red herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas, a bounty of one (hilling:

For

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii 111. c. 8-9.  879

For every lad, confiding of ten thousand dried red fprats, f°r dried red which fliall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas, a bounty of one (hilling:

For every cafk or velfel of pilchards or fcads, containing fifty for pilchards gallons, which (hall be duly exported from Great Britain to parts or fcads, 7s. beyond the feas, a bounty of (even (hillings :  per cat .

For every barrel of beef or pork, containing thirty-two for beef or ^ gallons, which (hall be falted in England or Wales with fait P°r^a^te^.in which fhall have paid all the duties due and payable thereon, and Wales with which (hall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the fait that has feas, a bounty of five (hillings:  paidduty,

For every barrel of beef or pork, of thirty-two gallons, which (hall be falted in Scotland with foreign fait, (without mixture of foreign fait, Britijh or Irijb faltj, which (hall have paid all the duties due and 5s. per bar-payable thereon, and which fhajl be duly exported to parts rcl* beyond the feas, a bounty of five (hillings.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That fixty-five pounds weight What quan-avoirdupois of rock fait, (hall be deemed and taken to be a bufhel p^^e^eem-of rock fait ; and that of every other kind or fpecies of fait, not edabufhel. being rock (lilt, fifty-fix pounds weight avoirdupois, (hall be

deemed and taken to be a buftiel.

V.  And be it further enadfed, Th2t all and every barrel, Barrels to be

cafk, or other veflel, in which fifli, beef, or pork, entitled to any f^^ahon bounty by this a£t given or granted, fliall be packed, fhqll be  wjne

gauged, meafured, or afcertained, and the fame (hall be taken to meafure.

be fo much as the fame will reflectively contain, According to the gallon Englijb wine meafure.

VI.  And be it further enadfed, That such of the duties by Duties to b$ this a£I impofed as fliall arife or become payable in England, under the (hall be under the management of the commiflioners of excife 0f the com-in England for the time being, and such thereof as fhall arife mifiioners of or become due in Scocland, (hall be under the management of the excife. commiflioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be Commifiion-lawful to and for the commiflioners of excife, or the major part pou^for^he* of them refpe&ively. to compound for the duty by this a£I duty on fait granted, for and in refpedt of fait, with any refiner or refiners of with refiners rock fait; and alfo for the duty by this a£t impofed, for or in

refpedl of mineral alkali or flux for glafs, from time to time, in such manner and form, and upon such terms and conditions, as refpe6t of fhall be mod to the advantage and improvement of the receipts mineral alkali, of the faid duty ; any thing in this or any other a£l contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That the duty hereby If imported impofed on foreign fait or other fait imported into Great Britain, before pay^0 fhall from time to time be fatisfied and paid by the importer or ment of duty, importers of the fame, upon his, her, or their entry or entries it fhall be for-made, and before landing thereof; and that in cafe any foreign or fitted, with imported fait (hall be unfhipped or landed, or put on (hore, or

into any (hip, boat, or veflel in Great Britain, before due ’ *

M M M 3  entry

88o

Anno regni tricefimo octavo Gkorgii III. c. 89. [1797.

entry be made thereof with the collector of excife of the port, or place where such fait (hall be imported, or before the duties hereby impofed for cr in refpe£t thereof (hall have been fully fatisfied and paid, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering of such fait, figned by such collector as aforesaid, then and in such cafe all such foreign or imported fait fo unthipped, landed, or put on (bore, or into any boat or vefTel in Great Britain contrary to the directions of this a£t, (hall be forfeited, together with the packages containing the fame; and the (hips, boats, and velTels, and all the horfes, and other cattle and carriages whatfoever made ufe of in the removing, landing, carriage, or conveyance of such (alt, and the fame refpedlively (hall and may be fcized by any officer or officers of the cufroms or excife, and the perfon or perfons concerned or employed in fo unfhipping, landing, removing, or putting such foreign or imported fait on (bore, or into any (hip, boat, or vefiel as aforesaid, contrary to the directions of this a fit, or to whose hands the fame (hall come, after the fame (hall have been unfhipped, landed, or put on (hore as aforesaid, he, (he, or they knowing the fame to have been fo unfhipped, landed, or put on fhore, (hall for each and every offence, forfeit and lofe treble the value of such (alt.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That if any foreign fait or other fait imported into Great Britain, (hall not be entered and landed, and the duty due and payable thereon be fully paid and fatisfied, within twenty days after the matter or other perfon having the charge or command of the (hip or veffel in which such foreign fait or other fait (hall be imported, (hall or ought to have made his report of the burthen, contents, and landing of such fhip or veffel, in purfuance of the directions of an adiy made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds and regulating ahufes in his Majejly’s cujloms, then and in every such cafe all such foreign fait or other fait imported into Great Britain (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife or cuttoms.

X.  Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enaCted, That any such foreign fait as (hall be duly and fairly imported into

may belauded Great Britain in any quantity not lets than fifty bulhels, upon and warehouf- due entry thereof, may forth with, and before payment of all or ed, on bond any part 0f tjle duty by tins add impofed for or in refpeCt of duty1 when foreign fait, be landed, in the prefence of the proper officer of fold, or in 12 excife, from on board the (hip or veffel in which the fame (hall be months if not imported, and (hall be weighed, and carried, and put into such im-port warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, as fhall be for that purpose provided, (at the expence of the refpe&ive proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers of such fait), and (hall be approved of by the commiffioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons who dial] be appointed or employed by them for that purpose upon the proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers, of such fait giving good and fu-fficieM bond or fecurity, to be alia .approved

of

and the perfons concerned to forfeit treble the value of the fait.

If fait imported be not entered and landed and the duty paid within a limited time, it hall be forfeited.

Foreign fait, not lefs than 50 butliels,



1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 89.

of by the faid commiffioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons who fhall be appointed or employed bv them for that purpose, in double the amount of the duty by this ad impofed, for or in refped of such foreign fait, that he, (he or they fhall and will pay and clear off all the duties with which any such foreign fait, that fhall be fo put into any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, fhall be charged, or to which the fame fhall be liable, a£ foon as such foreign fait fhall be fold, in cafe the fame fhall be fold within twelve months from and after the time the fame fhall be fo put into any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, as aforefaid ; or in cafe such fait fhall not be fold within such twelve months, that such proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers, fhall and will pay and clear off all the faid duties at the end or expiration of such twelve months; such duties to be charged according to the quantity of such foreign fait as the fame fhall be alcertained by the proper officer of excife at the time such foreign fait fhall be landed and lodged or put into any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, as aforefaid.

XI.  And be it further enaded, That every such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, fhall at all times, except when the proper

officer of excife fhall be attending, for the purpose of receiving or ]0cks of the delivering fait, or taking account of fait therein, be fecured officer and under the joint locks of such officer and the proprietor or owner proprietor, thereof: and no fait fhall be put into, or delivered out of, atT be received or such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, in any lefs quantity, at one delivered in time, than fifty bufhels; and when and fo often as the proprietor or Ids quantity proprietors, or owner or owners of such foreign fait fhall  ^s°  ancj

defirous of, or have occafion to lodge or put any foreign fait ^ hour serein to, or to take or deliver the fame out of any such warehoufe, vious notice ftorehoufe, or cellar, he, (he, or they, fhall give previous notice of intention thereof, in writing, to the proper officer of excife by the fpace out fait of twelve hours, fpecifying in such notice the day and hour of the t0 be jvcn day when he, file, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any the officer., foreign lalt into, or to take or deliver the fame out of, any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, and the quantity of falt intended to be put into or delivered out of the fame; and such officer is hereby authorifed and required to attend in purfuance of every such notice, for the purpose of receiving or delivering and taking account of the quantity of such foreign fait accordingly.

XII.  Provided alfo, and he it further enabled, That it fhall curers and may be lawful to and for any known fifh curer or fifh curers

to import and lodge in his, her, or their entered warehoufes, free entered ware-of the duty by this ad impofed for or in refped of foreign fait, houfes, not and for the foie purpose of curing and preferving fifh, anY quantity of foieign fait not lefs than fifty bufhels at one time, f0ie|g,^ fa|t upon the terms and conditions, and under, fubjed, and according duty-free, for to the feveral rules, regulations, reftridions, and provifions, curing filh, herein-after provided and eftablifhed, for or in refped of Britijh uP0I}.c.ertaia fait fent or delivered to fifh curers, free of duty, for the purpose conultlQlls*

M M M 4  Of

882

Foreign fait not to be imported in vefleh of kfs than 40 tons burthen, on penalty of forfeiture, with the veffel, &c.

Anno regni tricefimooftavoGeorg 11 III. c. 89. [1797.

of curing and preferving fifh: provided always, That such foreign fait foto be employed and confumedin curing and preferving filh be duly and fairly entered with the proper collector of excife upon the importation thereof, and weighed and tranfhipped, or weighed and landed, and warehoufed, as the cafe may require, in the prefence and with the concurrence of the proper officer of excife at the port of importation.

XIII, And be it further enaCted, That no foreign fait (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any fhip or veflel of lefs burthen than forty tons, (excepting only for theufeof the feamen then belonging to and on board the fhip or veffel in which the fame fhall be imported, not exceeding five pounds weight for each feaman), upon pain of forfeiting all such fait, together with the cafks and other packages refpedtively containing the fame, and alfo the fhip or veffel in or on board of which the fame fhall be fo imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and the fame refpe&ively fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

No fait or rock fait to be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, Guernfeyjer-fey, Sark. Alderney, or Man.

If any veflel be found at anchor, or hovering within certain limits, having fait or rock fait on board, except for the ufe of the feamen on board,the fait may be feized, with the veffel.

6cc.

XIV. And be it further en3&ed, That no fait or rock fait, whether the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or of any other country, fhall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, from Ireland, or the iffands of Guernfey^Jerfey, Sark, Alderney, or Man\and that if any fait or rock fait fhall be fo imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, excepting only for the ufe of the feamen th-en belonging to and on board the fhip or veffel in which the fame fhall be imported, not exceeding two pounds weight for each feaman, and flowed fairly and openly in such fhip or veffel in which the fame fhall be imported ; or if any (Rip, veffel, or boat whatever, fhall be found at anchor, or hovering within tbe limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coafl of Great Britain, or fhall be difeovered to have been within such limits or diftance, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable neceffity or diftrefs of weather, of which neceffity or diflrefs the mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of such fhip, veffel, or boat, fhall give notice to, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms of excife of the port within the limits of which such fhip, veffel, or boat fhall be found immediately after the arrival of such fhip, veflel, or boat, within the limits of such port, having on board any fait or rock fait, except as aforesaid, then ^nd in every such cafe, not only all such fait and rock fait refpeCtively, together with the cafks and other packages refpeCtively containing the fame, but alfo the fhip, veffel, or boat, on board which the fame (hall be found as aforesaid, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, Hi all be forfeited, whether bulk fhall then have been broken or not, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or

officers

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 89.  883

officers of the cuftoms or excife: provided always neverthelefs.

That nothing in this a<St fhall extend, or be deemed or conflrued Forfeiture to extend, to forfeit any fhip, ve/Tel, or boat, for having fait not to extend on board, if such fhip, veflel, or boat, fhall be known to be  .

regularly and ufually employed in fifhing, and fhall have in on boirda*0^ or on board the fame no more or other fait than (hall have been necellary duly received from fome entered warehoufe for keeping fifhery quantity of fait, or from fome other fhip, veiTel, or boat, employed in fifhing; £altt rsceive^ and if such fait fhall net exceed the quantity which fhall be neceffary for preferving such quantity of fifh, as may be reafonably or other fiiii-expe&ed to be thereafter taken by the crew of such fhip, or veiled mg veffids. or boat, on or during the particular trip or voyage in which such fhip, veiTel, or boat, (hall be then engaged or employed; any thing in this a6I contained to the contrary hereof in anywife notwithffiandi ng.

XV.  And ivbereas it is expedient that rock fait JJoould be allowed to be refined and made into white fhit at such refiners of rock jalt in England, as have heretofore been entered and ufed for that purpose ;

be it therefore enaefed, That from and after the tenth day of Rock fait may

October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it fhall

and may be lawful to refine rock fait, and make the fame into piaces ciuiy

white fait, at such fait works and places (and at no other) which entered.

are or fhall be eredled or fet up, and duly entered, for the

refining of rock fait, at any place within the ditdance of ten

miles of and from the fait mine or fait pit from which the rock

fait intended to be refined fhall be railed or taken, or which

lhall have been duly entered and ufed for the refining of rock

fait, and,making the fame into white fait, at any time previous

to the palling of this act.

XVI.  And be it further ena£led, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty of

fhall refine any rock fait, or make the fame into white fait, at 200I. tor any place or fait work, fave and except at such place or places,  un°^

or fait work or fait works, as is and are authorised, or fhall be authorifcci licenfed under the provilions of this adf, he, fhe, or they fhall, places.

for each and every such offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XVII.  And be it further enabled. That all and every perfon Makers^ of and perfons being a maker or makers of fait, or a refiner or of rockfiMt3 refiners of rock fait, or being a proprietor or proprietors of any anci proprie-fait mine, fait pit, fait refinery, or fait work, fhall, on or before tors of fait the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety- mines or eight, or before he, fhe, or they fhall prefume to make any fait,

or to refine any rock fait, or to dig, raife, or take any rock fair 0f certain * from or out of any fait mine or fait pit, make tiue and particular particulars, entry in writing, at the office of excife within the compafs or limits on penalty >£ of which such fait mine, fait pit, fait work, or fait refinery fhall  tlie

be fituate, of each and every fait mine, fair pit, fait refinery, and * ^ fait work whatfoever, belonging to such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid, fpecifying the parifh and place where the fame fhall be fkuate, and alfo the

number

88a

Excife officers may at all times, on requeft, enter fait mines,

&c. to take an account.

Proprietors of la It mines to provide a warehoufe, into which all rock fait (hall be flowed,

Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

number and fituation of all workhoufes, fheds, citterns, receivers, refervoirs, pans, ftoves, rooms, lofts, warehoufes, ftore-houfes, and other places which he, fhe, or they (hall at any time have or ufe for the taking, raifing, preparing, making, refining, drying, ftoring, laying, or keeping of fait or rock fait, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refufal to make such entry as aforesaid, the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all the fait or rock fait, and the packages containing the fame, and alfo all the preparations, citterns, receivers, refervoirs, pans, barrows, bafkets, troughs, and other vettels, implements, and utenfils, ufed or employed in the procuring, or making fait, or which fhall be found in any such private or unentered workhoufe, filed, room, loft, warehoufe, ttorehoufe, or other place, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excife, from time to time and at all times, by day or night, upon his or their requett, to enter into all and every the fait mines, fait pits, fait refineries, or fait works, and alfo into all and every the workhoufes, (beds, warehoufes, ttorehcufes,ttoves, lofts, or other places entered or made ufe of by any maker or makers of fait, or refiner or refiners of rocic fair, or proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or fait work, for the purpose of taking, raifing, making, refining, drying, ftoring, laying, or keeping fait or rock fait, and by weighing, gauging, tale, or otherwile as to such officer or officers (hall feem meet to take an account of the quantity, kinds, and fpecies, of all fait and rock fait which lhali be taken, making, or refining, or which fhall have been taken, made, or refined, at such fait mines, fait pits, fait refiners, or fait works as aforefaid.

XIX.  And he it further ena6led, That all and every proprietor and proprietors of any fait, mine or fait pit, fhall provide, iupport, and maintain a proper and fecure warehoufe or ftore-houfe, with good and fufficient faftenings thereto, inclofing or adjoining to the entrance, mouth, or fhaft of every fait mine or fab pit belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, into which

and locked up Warehoufe or ttorehoufe all rock fait fhall be put and flowed CV*1'e away> ^ an^ at the expence of such proprietor or proprietors, € 1"Ciy  and  no such warehoufe or ttorehoufe fhall have more than three

doors or entrances into the fame, and every such warehoufe or ttorehoufe fhall be locked up and fecured by the proper officer of excife under whose furvey the fame fhall from time to time be, except at such time or times only as the fame fhall be opened by the proper officer of excife for the purpose of depofiting rock fait therein, or when the proper officer fhall be attending for the purpose of taking account of, or weighing or delivering the fame out of such warehoufe or ttorehoufe ; and if any such proprietor or proprietors lhall negledt or refufe to provide, fupport, or maintain such warehoufe or ttorehoufe as aforesaid, or fhall not caufe such rock fait to be removed to and flowed away in such warehoufe or ttorehoufe as aforesaid, he, (he, or they

fhallj

Penalty of 100I. tor not providing warehoufes, & c.

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo oUavo Georgii III. c. 89.  5

fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the futn of one hundred pounds.

XX.  And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the pro- Proprietors of prietor and proprietors of every fait mine or fait pit, (hall at lead:

twelve hours before he, fhe, or they (hall at any time begin to. notice1 of US raife or take away rock fait from or out of any fait mine or fait intention of pit, give notice in writing to the officer of excife under whose taking out furvey such fait mine or fait pit fhall be, of the particular day  ^

and hour of the day on which he, fhe, or they intends or  y

intend to begin railing or taking any rock fait from or out of any such mine or pit; and in cafe such proprietor or proprietors fhall not begin to raife or take such rock fait from or out of his, her, or their mine or pit within the fpace of one hour after the particular time and hour mentioned in such notice for that pur-pofe, then such notice (hall be null and void, and such proprietor or proprietors fhall give a freffi and like notice before he, file, or they fhall begin to raife or take any rock fait from or out of such mine or pit ; and in cafe any such proprietor or proprietors (hall neglect or refufe to give such notice, or having given a notice which fhall become void as aforesaid, fhall, neglect to give a fre/h and like notice, every such proprietor or proprietors as aforefaid (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXI.  And be it further enacted, That no rock fait fhall be R°^k fait not

delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed, from or out f^m any^ of any warehoufe or ftorehoufe entered according to the direc- warehoufe tions of this add, except in the prefence of the proper officer of but in the excife under whose furvey the fame fhall be, nor fhall any prefence of (uch rock fait be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or conveyed  ^\e{s

away, from or out of any such warehoufe or fiorehoufe as quantity than aforesaid, in any lefs quantity than four buffiels at one time, nor four bufliels, fhall any rock fait be delivered, taken, removed, carried, or andonly conveyed, from or out of any such warehoufe or ftorehoufe, tahThours61'* except between the hours of five in the morning and seven in 0n penalty^f the evening, from the twenty-fourth day of March to the its forfeiture, twenty-ninth day of September, and between the hours of seven with

in the morning and five in the evening, from the twenty-eighth i1a s> c" day of September to the twenty-eighth day of March, in each year; and all such rock fait fo delivered, or removed or removing, contrary to the directions of this act, together with the packages containing the fame, and the flats, barges, boats, or other veffels, waggons, carts, or other carriages, and alfo the horfes and cattle ufed or employed in removing the fame re-fpectively, fliall be forfeited, and the fame refpeclively fliall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such warehoufe or ftorehoufe fliall forfeit and lofe the fum of forty (billings for every bufhel of such rock fait fo delivered, removed or removing, contrary to the directions of this act, or the fum of fifty pounds, at the election of his Majesty’s attorney general, or the perfon or perfons who (hall (ue (or the fame.

XXII. And

886 .

Makers of fklt, refiners of rock fait, and proprietor^ of lillt works, to provide ware-heufes, into which all fait (rock fait excepted) (hall be put, and fecured by the excife oificer.

Penalty of 5ol. for neglect*

Makers of fait, refiners of rock fait, and proprietors of fdt works, to give previous notice of intention to charge their par. 6, f:e. on pen..ih of id.

Anno regni tricefiiTLO oftavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797* \

XXII.  And be it further enacted. That all and every maker or makers of fait, and refiner or refiners of rock fait, and proprietor or proprietors of any fait work refpedfively, lhali provide, fupport, and maintain a proper and fecure ware-boufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, or warehoufes, ftorehoufes, or lofts,

“ with good and fufficient faftenings thereto, into which warehoufe or warehoufes, or ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lofts, or feme or one of them, all his, her, or their fait (rock fait excepted) fhall be put and depofited by and at the expence of such maker, refiner, or proprietor, or makers, refiners, or proprietors, according to the di rediions of this adl, and no such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, fhall have more than two doors or entrances for the purpose of delivering-fait out of any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, nor fhall any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, have more than four doors or entrances immediately into or communicating with any pan or boiling houfe, nor fhall there be any other door or communication whatfoever between any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, and any other place whatfoever, fave and except such doors, entrances, or communications as aforesaid, and each such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, and loft re-fpedifively, shall be locked up and fecured by the proper officer of excife under whole furvev the fame fhall from time to time be, except at such time or times only as such officer fhall be attending tor the purpose of depofiting fait therein, or for weighing or taking account of or delivering fait out of such refpedtive warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft; and if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid, fhall neg’edt or refufe to provide such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, or warehoufes, ftorehoufes, or lofts as aforesaid, he, {he, or they fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XXIII.  And be it further enadfed, That all and every maker or makers of fait, and refiner or refiners of rock fait, and proprietor or proprietors of any fait work, fhall, at leaft fix hours before he, (he, or they, fhall begin to charge his, her, or their pan or boiler with brine cr other preparation for making or refining fait give to the officer of excife under whose furvey his, her, or their fait work fhall be, a notice in writing of his, her, or their intention fo to do, fpecifving therein the particular time and hour at which he, fhe, or they intends or intend fo to charge his, her, or their pan or boiler, and alio whether he, fhe, or they intends or intend to make large grained, commonly called Fifbery Salty or fine grained fait ; and if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, fhall not begin to charge his, her, or. their pan or boiler within the fpace of one hour after the particular time or hour fpecified in such notice for that purpose, then such notice fhall be void, and every such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors > as aforesaid, {hall give a frefh and like notice before he, fhe, or they ill all begin to charge his, her, or their pan or boiler $ and in

cafe

1797 '1 Anno regni trlcefimo ofcavo Georgii ILL c. 89,  887

cafe such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, fhall negledl or refufe to give such notice, or having given a notice which fhall become void as aforesaid, fhall neg-le£t or refufe to give a frefh and like notice, he, file, or they fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXIV.  And be it further enabled, That all and every such ^c^I^^crs* maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, proprie- Without tor or proprietors of any fait work, who, in purfuance of any delay, to such notice as aforesaid, fhall begin to charge his, her, or their charge with pan or boiler with brine or other preparation for making fait or the w.h°le refining rock fait, fhall proceed without refpite or delay, and brine*"1 &c°*to with all due diligence and difpatch, to charge such pan or boiler be employed, with the whole quantity of brine or other preparation intended on penalty of to be employed, ufed, or worked off at such boiling or opera- 2°h

tion, on pain, for every neglect or refufal thereof, to forfeit the fum of twenty pounds: provided always neverthelefs, That if One addition any such maker, refiner, or proprietor, fhall have occafion to add J^Yhechar^ to or increafe the brine in any pan or boiler, after such pan or before boiler fhall have been charged, and before any fait of that par- taken out, ticular boiling or operation fhall have been taken from or out of upon giving such pan or boiler, he, fhe, or they fhall be permitted and allowed once, but not oftener, to add to and increafe the quantity of brine in any such pan or boiler, upon giving to the officer of excife under whose furvey his, her, or their fait work fhall then be, a notice in writing of his, her, or their intention to make such addition or increafe, which notice fhall be given by the fpace of two hours before he, fhe, or they fhall begin to make such addition or increafe, and fhall contain such or the like particulars as are herein-before required to be fpecified in the notice directed to be given for charging the pan or boiler.

XXV.  And be it further enacted, That if any maker or Penalty of makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or 5°1* for put-proprietors of any fait work, fhall convey or put any brine into ^after^0 any pan or boiler after he, fhe, or they fhall have begun to take taken any fait out of such pan or boiler, and before the whole boiling out before the or operation of such particular charge fhall be finifhed, and all. whole opera-the fait made or intended to be made therefrom (hall be taken

out of such pan or boiler, or fhall convey or put any brine into ch^rgect'9 e‘x_ any pan or boiler after the fame fhall have been fully charged, cept as before (except in the manner herein-before allowed, under such notice allowed, as is herein-before provided, for making an addition to or in-creafingthe brine in the pan or boiler), he, file, or they fhall, for ’ every such offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XXVI.  And be it further enadhed, That all the fait taken from ?alfc taken

or out of each and every pan or boiler at each boiling or opera- to°be keptfe^ tion,,fhall be kept in the pan houfe, boiling houfe, or boiling p3mCi f3ncj place, feparate and apart from all other fait whatever, and within within a limit-ten hours after the fait fhall be fo taken from or out of such pan ed time, and or boiler, and before any fait of any fubfequent boiling or opera-  0

tion fhall be taken from or out of the fame pan ,or boiler, such qU'ent boiling maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, be taken out*

fhall a declaration

to be eiven (hall deliver to the proper officer of excife under whose furvey \

vvho°fh all\ake S ’ ^1S’ ^er’ or f^eir work lha.ll be, a declaration in writing, fpecifying the true number of baikets, barrows,, or troughs of fait, made or taken from or out of such pan or boiler at such boiling or operation, and thereupon the faid officer fliall proceed to take an account of the number of bafkets, barrows, or troughs of fait fo made or taken from or out of such pan or boiler as afore fa id.

XXVII.  And be it further enacted, That when and fo foon as the proper officer of excife fhali have taken an account of and afcertained the number of bafkets, barrows, or troughs of fait made at any boiling, the maker or, makers, or refiner or refiners of such fait, or the proprietor or proprietors of the fait work where such fait fhali be made, fhali immediately proceed, with a fufficient number of his, her, or their workmen and fervants, and with all due diligence and difpatch, to carry or remove all such fait into his, her, or their entered warehoufe or warehoufes, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lofts; and if such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, fhali neglect or refute fo to remove such fair, he, ffie, or they fhali, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXVIII.  Provided always nevertbelefs, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any maker or makers, refiner or refiners

of any boiling of fait, or proprietor or proprietors of any fait work, inftead of IToufed before keeping ^ °feac^ boiling or operation in the pan or boiling the whole is houfe until the whole of each boiling or operation (hall be finiffi-finifhed, on  ed, fhali be defirous to carry, remove, or put any fait of any

certain con-  particular boiling or operation into his, her, or their warehoufe

ditions.  or Warehoufes, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lofts, before

any such boiling or operation fhali be linifhed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, to carry, remove, or put one half (but neither more nor lefs) of the whole number of bafkets, barrows, or troughs, of fait, to be made at each such boiling or operation into any such warehoufe or warehoufes, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lefts, upon the terms and conditions herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, That in the notice required by this aift to be given for charging his, her, or their pan or boiler with brine, or other preparation, such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, (hall fpecify the particular number of bafkets, barrows, or troughs, of which such half of such particular boiling or operation fhali or will confift, and the day, and hour of the day, when such half of the number of bafkets, barrows, or troughs, of fait of every such boiling or operation fhali be carried, removed, or put, into such warehoufe or warehoufes, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lofts; and alfo that all the fait which, according to the fpecification in such notice, fliall be intended to be carried, removed, or put into luch warehoufe or warehoufes, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lofts, at each such removal, lball be actually fo carried, removed, and put, immediately after the proper officer of excife hath taken a true

account

an account.

When the account is taken, the fait to be removed into the warehoufe, on penalty of aol.

Half the fait

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgu III. c. 89.  889

account thereof, and before any more or other fait fhal! be taken out of the pan or boiler of that or any fubfequent boiling or operation.

XXIX.  And whereas certain refiners of rock fait may have in their cuftody or poffejfion, on the [aid tenth day fl/'Odober one thou-fand Jieven hundred and ninety-eighty certain quantities of rock falty

and fait made from rock falty for or in refpedl of which all his Ma-jefiys duties may have been paid; be it therefore enabled. That it Q^°j^e^°rg fhall and may be lawful to and for the officer or officers ofexcife, 0fficers may * on or before the tenth day of Odlober one thousand seven hundred take an ac-and ninety-eight, by and with the privity, confent, and affiftance count of the of any such refiner of rock fait, to weigh and take an account of ^iant*ty of the quantity of fait and rock fait in the cuftody and pofteffion of fnthe^ any such refiner or refiners, and if on taking such account of the cuftody of quantity of fait and rock fait in the cuftody and pofteffion of any refiners for such refiner or refiners, it fhall be made appear, to the fatisfac- ^ut^a^been tion of the commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them and the* refpedively, from the books and accounts of the commiffioners commiffion-and officers for managing and colleding his Majesty’s duties on ers of excife fait, that all the duties for or in refped of rock fait fhall have ™ay *** been duly paid, for all or any part of the rock fait, or fait made j0gUp^rCC ° from rock fait, which fhall be io taken account of by the proper bufhel out of officer or officers of excife, in the cuftody or pofteffion of any such the duty unrefiner or refiners as aforesaid, then and in such cafe it fhall and der this a^* may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them refpedively, to allow to such refiner or refiners, out of the monies which fhall firft become due and payable by such refiner or refiners, for the duty charged by virtue of this ad, at and after the rate of ten fhillings for every bufhel of rock fait, and fait made from rock fait, for or in refped of which it fhall be made appear as aforesaid, that all the duty payable thereon has been duly paid, always reckoning one pound of refined fait for every pound of rock fait melted : provided always,

That no such allowance fhall be made, until the refiner or refiners **uch acclaiming the fame fhall have made oath before the colledor or m^^buton fupervifor of excife, of the colledion or diftrid in which his, her, oath that the or their refinery fhall be fituate, (which oath such colledor or duty has beei* fupervifor refpedively are hereby authorifed and empowered to P^d. adminifter), that the duty of rock fait, for the adual quantity of rock fait, or fait made from rock fait, for or in refped of which he, (he, or they fhall claim any such allowance as aforesaid, has been duly paid, and that no part of such duty has been before allowed or drawn back.

XXX.  And be it further enaded. That if any maker or makers Penalty for of fait, or refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or pro-prietors of any fait work, or any other perfon or perfons what- no acCount foever, fhall remove, carry, or put any fait, of which an account has been has not been taken by the proper officer of excife, (rock fait in taken, or re-the rock fait warehoufes adjoining to the mine or pit only ex-

cepted), into any such.entered warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft as wh0le b0ilingr aforesaid, or fhall remove or convey out of his, her, or their pan fhall-be work-

houfe, ed off, or be-

 CjOO^Ic

890

fore delivery of declaration, or an account fhall be taken by the officer, &c.

Warehoufes may be ufed St Liverpool or Briftol for ftoring fait for expoi ta-tion, under certain pro-vilions.

Warehoufes to be locked lip by the officer.

Salt may be delivered duty free from warehoufes to be carried to ex port ware-houfes.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

houfe, boiling houfe, or boiling place, to any room or place, any fair, before the boiling or operation of which such fait (hall be a part, (hall be worked off, or before the declaration herein-before required fhall have been delivered to the proper officer of excife, or before such officer (hall have duly taken an account of, and ascertained the number of bufhels, barrows, or troughs of fait, of such boiling or operation, or before the fame (hall have been removed into such his, her, or their entered warehoufe or warehoufes, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lofts, as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe all the fait fo removed, carried, or conveyed away, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a61, fhall be forfeited, together with the package containing the fame, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or pro-: prietor or proprietors, or other perfon br perfons fo offending, (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings for every pound weight of such fait fo removed, carried, or conveyed away, or the fum of one hundred pounds, at the election of his Majesty’s attorney general, or the perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the fame.

XXXI.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any maker or refiner of, or dealer in fair, to provide or eredt, and make ufe of one or more such export warehoufe or warehoufes as herein-after mentioned, at or within the ports of Liverpool or Briftol refpedlively, for the purpose of laying, ftoring, or keeping therein fait intended for exportation : provided, That every such warehoufe fhall be well, fubftantially, and fecurely built and conftrudled, and that no such warehoufe fhall have more than one door or entrance to the fame, and that there be no communication between any such warehoufe and any other place whatsoever, except such door or entrance as aforefaid : provided alfo, That no such warehoufe be lefs than twenty yards diftant from any warehoufe which (hall be ufed for laying, ftoring, or keeping fait for home trade or confumption, and that no such warehoufe be made ufe of for the laying, ftoring, or keeping of fait, until particular entry, in writing, of such warehoufe, (hall have been made at the next office of excife by the owner or proprietor thereof.

XXXII.  And be it further enadled, That every such warehoufe fhall be fecurely locked up by the proper officer of excife, except at such time or times only as such officer' fhall be attending in purfuance of notice to be given, according to the directions of this a cl, for depofiling fait therein, or delivering fait out of the fame for exportation.

XXXIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any maker or makers of fait, or refiner or refiners of rock fait, to deliver, duty free, from his, her, or their warehoufe or warehoufes, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, loft or lofts,

• any quantity of fait (rock frit excepted) to be forthwith carried and conveyed to, and depofired in any such export warehoufe or warehoufes as aforesaid, at the ports of Liverpool or Briftolfor

. the



1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgia III. c. 89.  891

the purpose of being exported therefrom to parts beyond the Teas.

XXXIV.  And be it farther enadted, That if any fait or rock Salt or rock fait Ihall be taken, removed, or carried out of any warehoufe, fait removed ftorehoufe, loft, or other place ufed by any maker or makers of ^oufe^xce^ fait, or refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or proprietors jn the’pre- P of any fait mine, fait pit, or fait work, except in the prefence of fence of an the proper officer of excife, and under and according to the officer, &c to directions of this a61, between the hours of seven in the evening

and five in the morning, from the twenty-fourth day of March riageSj to the twenty-ninth day of September, or between the hours of and the per-five in the evening and seven in the morning, from the twenty- fons concern-eighth day of September to the twenty-fifth day of Marchy such fait ^orfeit and rock lalt, together with the package containing the fame* and alfo the waggons, carts, or other carriages, and horfes and cattle ufed or employed in carrying and removing the fame, fhall be forfeited, and the fame refpedtively fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and the perfon or perfons concerned or employed in such removal, or in whose cuftody or pofleflion such fait fhall be found, fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXV.  And be it further enadhd, That if any fait or rock Salt or rock fait (hall be found removed or removing from any fait mine, fait fej* removed pit, or fait work, without a true and lawful permit accompanying ^it or under* the fame, or if any fait or rock fait, fent or configned to London, a fajfe de-Liverpool, Worcejler, Gloucejler or Brijiol, fhall be found removed fcription, to or removing to any or either of the faid ports or places, without be forfeited,

a true and lawful permit accompanying the fame, or if any fait or theimps, rock fait fhall be found removed or removing coaftwife without a true and lawful permit accompanying the fame, or if any fait or rock fait fhall be found removed or removing under a falfe de-fcription, then all such fait and rock fait fo found removed or removing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adf, fhall be forfeited, together with the package containing the fame, and alfo all the fhips, flats, barges, boats, or other veffels, waggons, carts, or other carriages, and the horfes and cattle ufed or employed in removing the fame, and the fame refpedtively (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and the perfon or perfons in whole cuflody the fame fhall be found, or Penalty on who fhall be, or fhall have been employed or concerned in re- perfons con. moving the fame, fhall forfeit the fum of forty Shillings for every removal U° pound weight of fait and rock fait fo found removed or removing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, or the fum of one hundred pounds, at the eledtion of his Majesty’s attorney general, or the perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the fame.

XXXVI.  And be it further enadted, That in cafe any officer Officers of the of the cuftoms or excife, fhall find or difcover any perfon or ^xcifemav perfons in the adt of carrying or removing any fait or rock fait carry perfons from any fait mine, fait pit, or fait work, without being accom- removing fait panied by a legal and authentick permit, granted according to without a per-the directions of this adt, it fhall and may be lawful to and for

fuch officer to apprehend such perfon or perfons, and to take may convidt

Vol, XLI„  N  N N  him,  them in the

if not paid, may commit them to the houfe of correction.

892, Anno regni tricefimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797*

penalty, and him, her, or them before any one or more of his Majesty’s juf-tices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpe&ively, wherein such perfon or perfons (hall be difcovered as aforesaid, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice or juftices of the peace refpeClively, on the party’s confeffion of such offence, or on proof thereof by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, to convict in the penalty of fifty pounds, every perfon fo found or difcovered as aforefaid ; and every such perfon fo convicted fhall, immediately on such conviction, pay down into the hands of such officer the fa id penalty in which be or (lie (hall be fo convicted, or such fum to which the faid penalty fiiall be mitigated by the judgement of the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, to be applied in manner herein-after directed; and if any such perfon fo conviCted (hall not forthwith fo'pay down the faid penalty, or the fum of money to which the fame fhall be mitigated as aforesaid, the faid juftice or juftices fhall, by warrant under his or their hand and feal or hands and leals, commit him or her to the houfe of correction for the faid county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty refpeCtively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding twelve months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, and the perfon fo committed fhall not be difcharged until he or fhefhall have paid the faid penalty, or the fum of money to which the fame fhall have been fo mitigated as aforesaid, or until the expiration of the time for which such commitment was fo made.

XXXVII.  And be it further enaCted, That no warehoufe, of by^heTur ft°refi°u^e? or l°ft, fhall be deemed or taken to be a fecure ware-vcyor or fu- houfe, ftorehoufe, or loft, within the meaning of this a Cl, unlefs pervifor of the the fame fhall be approved of, in writing, by and under the hands

1 /3*vi XV  /■*  1  /*  •  r  f*  * /*  <**  •  i*  _!**/**

Warehoufes

diftriCt;

and to be altered or repaired on his requifition.

sol. penalty for negleCt, or for entering warehoufes, except in prefence of the officer.

of the refpeCtive furveyor or fupervifor of excife of the divifion or diftriCt in which any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft fhall be fituate; any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary in any-wife notwithftanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enaCted, That all and every maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or (alt work, and dealer or dealers in fait, fhall, at his, her, and their own expence, from time to time, and at all times when required fo to do by the furveyor or fupervifor of excife of the divifion or diftriCt in which any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft fhall be fituate, immediately fet about the altering, repairing, or amending, and fhall alfo, within a reafonable time then next following, alter, repair, and amend such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, and the walls, partitions, roof, and other parts thereof refpeClively, to the fatisfaCtion of such furveyor or fupervifor, and to be approved of as aforefaid ; and if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, or dealer or dealers, fhall negleCt or refufe immediately to fet about the altering, repairing, and amending the fame, or to repair, amend, or alter the fame refpeClively, when thereunto required according to the directions of this or if any porfon or perfons fhall by any means aCt,

device,

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 89.  893

device, or contrivance whatfoever, open or enter, or gain accefs to any such warehoufe, florehoufe, or loft, except in the prefence of the proper officer of excife, whose bufinefs it (hall be to attend to unlock the fame, every such maker or makers, or refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enaCted, That in all cafes where Supervifor or

by this a6t it is dire&ed that any warehoufe, florehoufe, loft, or furveyor of

other place belonging to any maker or makers of fait, refiner or

refiners of rock (alt, proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, locks

fait pit, or fait work, or dealer or dealers in fait, fhall be locked &c. on ware-

up and fecured, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the fupervifor houfes at the

or furveyor of excife of the diftridt or divifion within the compafs exP5nce °f l^e j  *  mrties

or limits of which such warehoufe, florehoufe, loft or other place *

fhall be fituate, to provide and affix proper locks, keys, and fafteningfof the beft fort, at the expence of the maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or. proprietors of such warehoufe, florehoufe, loft, or other place; and if any such maker or makers, penalty refiner or refiners, proprietor dr proprietors, or dealer or dealers, f°r fudi fhall negleCt or refufe to pay for the locks, keys, and faftenings locks^oHn-fo provided as aforesaid, or if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully juring them, deftroy, damage, or injure any such lock, key, or faflening, or &c. fhall by any a iff, device, or contrivance, open, take off, or remove any such lock, key, or faflening, or fhall open, break, or remove any door, (hutter, partition, floor or roof, or any part thereof, belonging to any such warehoufe, florehoufe, loft, or other place as aforesaid, every perfon fo offending (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enaCted, That where any lock, key, or j^ocks> ^c,t° fattening fhall be provided in pursuance of this a£t, all and every repaired by1 maker and makers of fait, refiner and refiners of rock fait, and the owners on proprietor and proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or fait work, requifition of or dealer or dealers in fait, to whom such locks, keys, and fatten- the purveyors ings refpedtively fhall then belong, fhall, at his, her, of their own fors^on p*e-expence, from time to time and at all times when required fo to nalty of a oh do by therefpe&ive furveyors orfupervifors of excife of the divifion or diftridt in which his, her, or their fait work, fait mine, fait pit, or fait refinery, or export warehoufe, fhall be fituate, immediately fet about dr caufe to be fet about the altering, repairing, and amending, and (hall alfo, within a reafonable time then next following, alter, repair, and amend the fame refpedtively, according to such requifition j and if any such maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or fait work, or dealer or dealers in fait, to whom any such locks, keys, and faftenings, or any or either of them, (hall belong, (hall negleCt or refufe immediately to fet about the altering, repairing, or amending the fame, or to alter, repair, or amend the fame, when thereunto required, according to the directions of this a£t, he, fhe, or they (hall, fpr each and:

n n N 2  every

 GoOglC

894 Anno regni tricefimo odavoGEORGii III. c. 89. [ 1797-

every such neglect or refufal, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

^ceTo be given XLX And be it further enafled, That when and fo often as of intention anY maker or makers of fair, or refiner or refiners of rock fait, to take fait  or proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or

or rock fait  fait work, fhall have occafion to deliver any fait or rock fait

hou^s 'Imi* from or out °*" any entered warehoufe, ftorehoufe, loft, or other for what ufes: P^ace’ to hinb her> or ^iem belonging, he, {he, or they fhall give notice to the proper officer of excife under whose furvey such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, loft, or other place fhall be, by the fpace of two hours of his, her, or their intention fo to do, fpeci-fying in such notice whether the fait to be delivered be rock fait or other fait, and whether for home trade, or for immediate exportation, or for removal to any and what particular export warehoufe, or for the ufe of the fifheries, or rock fait to be ufed at any and what particular entered refinery of rock fait, or for officer to at- the making of mineral alkali or flux for glafs ; and thereupon ai^accoun^  °^cer  e^c^e> who foall t>e ordered by the proper fuper-

which fhal^be vifor of excife fo to do, and who (ball not have other neceffary a charge upon and unavoidable employment at the time, (hall attend, and open the maker, every such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, loft, or other place, and weigh ^difchar^ed1 anc* ta^e account °f the fait or rock fait fo to be delivered from payment fr°m or out of such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, loft, or other place, of duty for and fhall make a juft and true report and return thereof to the rock fait re- commiffioners of excife, or to such perfon or perfons as they tcred^refine0* aPP°int or employ to receive the fame; and such return or ries, and for report fhall be a charge upon such maker or makers, refiner or fait delivered refiners, or proprietor or proprietors : provided always neverthe-out for certain Jefs? That every such proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, purposes. fait pjt^ or fajt work3 (hall he difeharged and relieved, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby difeharged and relieved, from the payment of any duty for fo much of the rock fait fo returned and charged as aforesaid, as fhall be duly delivered to be removed and carried to any such entered refinery of rock fait, for the purpose of being refined, or as (hall be duly delivered for making mineral alkali or flux for glafs, such rock fait being delivered and removed under, fubjedf, and according to the rules, regulations, and reftrieftions in that behalf made and provided by this a£I; any thing in this a£f contained to the contrary in anywife notwith-ftanding : provided alfo, That every such maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or proprietors of any fait work, fhall be difeharged and relieved, and he, (he, or they is and are hereby difeharged and relieved from the payment of any duty for fo much of the fait fo returned and charged as aforesaid, (rock fait excepted), as fhall be duly and fairly delivered from and out of any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, for the purpose of being immediately exported to parts beyond the feas, or for removal to any such export warehoufe as aforesaid, or for curing and preferving fifth, under, fubject, and according to the sules, regulations, and reftriilions herein-after provided in refpe<ft

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c, 89.  895

of fait delivered for exportation, or to be removed to any export warehoufe, or for the purpose of curing and preferving fifli re-fpecftively; anything in this a£t contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding : provided alfo, That for fo much rock For unrefined fait as fhall be duly and fairly delivered for exportation to parts j^^ed for ex* beyond the feas, in its native unrefined ftate, and under, fubjecf, p0rtation, a and according to the rules, regulations, and reftritftions by this duty of id. acft in that behalf provided, no greater or higher duty fhall be per bufhel to paid or payable by the proprietor or proprietors thereof, than be Pald* one penny for every bufhel of such rock fait fo to be exported ; any thing in this atft contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XL1I. And be it further enabled, That when and fo often as Excife officer, any maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, or op requeft, to proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or fait work, ^ati^fbrre fhall have occafion to remove or fend away any fait or rock fait moving fait from any entered warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, to him, her, or or rock fait them belonging, the officer of excife of the diviiion or place from ware-where such entered warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft fhall be fituate, houfes. fhall, without fee or reward, from time to time, upon a requeft note made and delivered according to the directions of this aCt, grant and give a permit, figned by the faid officer, expreffing the quantity or weight of all such fait or rock fait to be removed or fent away, and diftinguifhing whether such fait be rock fait or other lalt, and expreffing the names of the refpedUve perfons from whom and to whom the fame is intended to be removed, and fpecifying whether the fame is to be removed by land or by

water, and by what mode of conveyance, and likewife whether - the fait, if rock fait, is to be removed for the purpose of being

refined in England, or for making mineral alkali, or for exportation in its native unrefined ftate, and if it be not rock fait, whether it be fait for home confumption, or for immediate exportation, or for removal to any, and what particular export warehoufe, or fait to be ufed or employed in curing and preferving fith; and every officer of excife, giving or granting such permit, fhall fpecify therein the time for which the fame fhall be in force.

XLIIL And be it further enacfted, That no permit for the removal of any fait or rock fait fhall be granted or be valid, unlefs a requeftUnote the maker or makers of fait, or the refiner or refiners of rock be delivered to fait, or the proprietor or proprietors of the fait mine, fait pit, or the officer, fait work, from whence such rock fait fhall have been raifed or containing _ taken, or his, her, or their known fervant, (hall make, and fend  Partl~

or deliver to the proper officer of excife by this a eft authorifed to grant such permit, a requeft note, in writing, fpecifying his, her, or their name or names, and alfo the name or names of the perfon or perfons to whom, and the place to which such fait or rock fait is intended to be removed or fent, the weight or quantity of the fame, and whether the fame is to be removed in bulk, or in bafkets, bags, or other packages, and the number, kind, and fart, of such packages, and alfo whether the fait or rock fait

N N N 3  is

A daily account to be

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 89. [1797.

is to be removed by land or water, and by what mode of conveyance, and if it be rock fait which is intended to be removed, whether it be for the purpose of being refined by the perfon to whom the fame is to be fent, or for making mineral alkali, or fot exportation in its native unrefined ftate, or if it be other fair, whether it be for home confumption or for exportation, or to be ul’ed or employed in curing and preferving fifh refpedlively.

XLIV. And be it further enabled, That all and every maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or

kept of fait or proprietors of any fait pit, fait mine, or fait work, fhall refpec-rock fait fold -  -  -  --  -  -  ...

or delivered and for what purposes, which fhall every fix weeks be returned to the next ex-cife office, and there verified on oath, on penalty of joqL

tively, daily and every day, enter in a book or paper to be provided for that purpose, an exa# and particular account of each and every parcel, quantity, or load of fait or rock fait fold, delivered, or fent out by such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors refpe#ively, and fhall diftin-guifh the kind or fpecies of fait, and whether the fame is fold, delivered, or fent out for home trade or confumption, or for immediate exportation, or for removal to one of such export vvarehoufes, fpecifying the fame, and the owner thereof, or to be ufed or employed in curing and preferving fifh, or rock fait for refining, or for making mineral alkali; and such book or paper fhall be returned to the next office of excife every fix weeks, and the truth of the entries made therein, fhall be then and there verified upon the oath of such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, or his, her, or their chief workmen or agent, before the proper collector or fupervifor of excife, and the feveral and refpedlive collectors and fupervifors of excife, are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter such oath accordingly; and in cafe any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, fhall negledt or refufe to keep such book or paper, or to make due entries therein, according to the true intent and meaning of this a<51, or fhall regie# or refufe to return the fame as herein-before directed, or to verify the faid entries, or any of them, upon oath, such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That all and every such maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or fait work, ties to be paid fhall, within one week after he, file, or they fhall have or ought on penalty of to have made such entry upon oath as laff aforesaid, pay and clear off all the duties for and in refpe# of fait or rock fait, which fhall be due from him, her, or them refpeClively; and that every such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, who (hall negle# or refufe to make such payment as aforesaid, fhall forfeit for every such offence, double the fum of the faid duty whereof the payment fhall be fo negleCted or refufed.

XLVI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enabled. That all and every maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock chargecTin the or proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or week, to be  fait

Within a week after such entry on oath, the du

double the amount:

the duties ior fait or ro.k fait

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 89.  897

fait work, {hall weekly, and at the end of every week, pay and cleared at the

clear off all the duties for or in refpedl: of fait and rock fait which f^ifle^bond

{hall have been charged to such maker or makers, refiner or re- has besengiven

finers, proprietor or proprietors, in the then current week, unlefs in double the

fuch maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or pro- probable du-

prietors, (hall have given bond or fecuricy, to be approved of by  a

the commiflioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons who fhall therr^at the^

be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in double end of every

the value of the duties which such commiflioners of excife, or fix weeks),

fuch perfon or perfons as aforesaid, (hall judge likely to arife, be ^oiiWe^the

charged on, or become due from such maker or makers, refiner amount,

or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, within any fix weeks,

for the due payment, at the end of every fix weeks, of all such

fum and fums of money as fhall arife, be charged on, and become

due from such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor

or proprietors, for or in refpedf of fait or rock fait; and that if  ^

any maker or makers of fait, refiner or refiners of rock fait, or

proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, or fait work,

who fhall not have given such bond or fecurity as aforesaid, fhall

neglect or refufe to pay and clear off weekly, and at the end of

every week, all the duties for and in refpedl of fait or rock fait

which fhall be due from or unpaid by him, her, or them, such

maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors,

fhall forfeit for every such offence double the fum of the faid

duty whereof the payment fhall be fo neglected or refufed.

XLVII. And be it further enadled, That all fait and rock fait, Salt, materi-and all materials, preparations, implements, macliines, utenfils, ^s^c* and veflels, in the cuftody of any maker or makers of fait, refiner takers of or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or proprietors of any fait fait, &c. to mine, fait pit, or fait work, or in the cuftody of any perfon or be anfwerable perfons to the ufe of or in truft for such maker or makers, or ^or duties and refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid, fhall Pena ies* be fubjedl and liable to, and the fame are hereby made chargeable with all and fingular the duties of excife in arrear, or owing from time to time by such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, for or in refpedl of any fait made or refined, or rock fait raifed or taken out of any fait mine, or fait pit, by him, her, or them refpedlively, and fhall alfo be fubjedl to 3ll fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred by such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, for any offence againfi this adl, and that it fhall and may be lawful in all such cafes to levy luch duties, fines, and penalties, and to ufe such proceedings as may lawfully be done, in relation to such fait and rock fait, materials, preparations, implements, machines, utenfils, and veffels, as if the debtor or offender was the true and lawful owner thereof.

XLVIII. And be it further enadled, That if any rock fait moGng^V^or fhall be found removing to, or fhall be delivered at or on the delivered on premifes belonging to any fait refinery or fait work whatfoever, premiles be-without a legal permit, granted and obtained under and according lon&ing to a to the directions of this adl, then and in such cafe all such rock fait ^Vafuvork

N N N 4  fo  without a per-

feited, with ihips, &c. and the perrons concerned to forfeit I col.

If any refiner fhall remove from his premiers, or difpofe of rock fait in its na-ti ft ate, except for melt-

nut, to be for- fo found removing, or which fhall be delivered as aforesaid, fhall be forfeited, together with the packages containing the fame, and fhips, flats, barges, boats, and other veftels, waggons, carts, or other carriages, and alfo the horfes and cattle ufed and employed in removing the fame, and the fame refpecffively fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and the perfon and perfons employed of concerned in removing, delivering, or knowingly receiving the fame without such permit as aforesaid, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enabled. That if any refiner or refiners of rock fait fhall remove, fend, or carry away from his, her, or their entered premifes, or difpofe of any rock fait in its native unrefined ftate, except for the purpose of melting at and for the ufe of his, her, or their own works, or fhall knowingly fuffer any rock fait to be removed, carried, or fent away, or . -  . otherwife difpofed of, contrary to the true intent and meaning of

works, !|t°Wn this acf, such refiner or refiners fhall, for every such offence, fhall be for- forfeit the faid rock fait fo removed, carried, fent away, or dif-feited.  pofed of, together with the packages containing the fame, and

the fame refpedlively fhall and may be feized by any officer or Penalty for fo officers of the cuftoms or,excife ; and such refiner or refiners, or the perfon or perfons who (hall fo remove, carry, fend away, or difpofe of any such rock fait as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<5f, (hall, over and befides the forfeiture of the faid rock fait, forfeit and lofe the fum of forty (hillings for every pound weight thereof, or the fum of one hundred pounds, at the election of his Majesty’s attorney general, or the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame.

L. And be it further enabled, That all and every maker or makers of fait, or refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or proprietors of any fait mine, fair pit, or fait work, or of any export or import warehoufe as aforesaid, (hall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to provide and keep proper, fuf-ficient, and juft fcales and weights at each and every fait mine, fait pir, fait refinery, fait work, and export and import warehoufe refpedli vely, to him, her, or them belonging, for the purpose of weighing and taking an account of the fait and rock fait refpedlively, which (hall at any time be in the cuftody or poffeffion of any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, and (hall permit and fuffer any officer or officers of excife to ufe the fame; and if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors, (hall negledt or refufe to provide and keep such fcales and weights, or either of them, or fhall not permit or fuffer any officer or officers of excife to ufe the fame, or if any such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or them, or ufing proprietor or proprietors, (hall in the weighing of any such fait ^Cc oncs> or rock fait, make ufe of, or caufe or procure, or fuffer to be made ufe of anyfalfe, unjuft, or infufficient fcales or weights, or fhall ufe or pradlife any art, device, or contrivance, by which any such officer or officers fhall be or may be hindered or pre^*

vented

Scales and weights to be kept at fait mines, &c. for the ufe of the excife officers.

Penalty of 100I. for not providing them, or not fullering the officers to ufe

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo o£lavo Georgii III. c. 89.  899

vented from taking the juft and true weight, and afcertaining the true quantity of any such fait or rock fait, such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, (ball, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all such falfe, unjuft, or infufficient fcales and weights re-fpecftively, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

LI. And be it further enabled, That all and every maker or Makers of makers of fait, or refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or ^9 to proprietors of any fait mine, fait pit, fait work, or export or im- their fervant« port warehoufe, fhall, when and often as he, file, or they fhall be the excife of-thereunto required by the proper officer of excife, with a fuffi- ticers in cient number of his, her, or their fervants, aid and affift, to the weighing utmoft of his, her, or their power, such officer or officers in naltv^f^iool weighing of his, her, or their fait, or rock fait, on pain of for-feiting, for every negledl or refufal fo to do, the fum of one hundred pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfcns If any perfon fhall take, remove, or carry away, or hide or conceal any fait, or ^concTsd any rock fait, with intent to evade the duty by this ad impofed, every fa]t to evade perfon fo offending fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and all the duty, he the fait, or rock fait, fo taken, removed, carried away, hid, or f^all forfeit: concealed, and alfo the package containing the fame, (hall be faUftallbe2 forfeited, and the fame refpedively fhall and may be feized by any forfeited, officer of the cuftoms or excife.

LIIL And be it further enaded. That in all cafes where any To afcertain officer or officers of excife is or are authorifed, empowered, or of^tor^ required to afcertain the quantity of fait, or rock fait, by weight, roc]^ fajt by no lefs quantity of such fait, or rock fait, fhall be weighed at one the officer, draught than two bufhels, fave and except in any cafe where the not Ids than whole quantity of fait, or rock fait, to be delivered at any one fb^beweidi-time, (hall be lefs than two bufhels; and every such officer or e(^ except6 officers, on weighing any fait, or rock fait, fhall give the turn of where the the fcale in favour of the crown, and in lieu thereof (hall make an whole to be allowance at and after the rate of half a pound weight in every two bulhels of such fait, or rock fait.  *  ^

LI V. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be law- mIdeCfor° ful for any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife to feize any turn of the quantity of fait, or rock fait, together with the package con- fcale-taining the fame, that (hall be found in any (hip, flat, barge, boat, Officers of the or other veflel, or in any waggon, cart, or other carriage whatfo- cuftoms or ever, or loaded on any horle, or which fhall be lodged or con-  ^r

cealed in any houfe, outhoufe, or other place whatfoever, and rock fait alfo such (hip, flat, barge, boat, or other veflel, waggon, cart, or found in any other carriage, horfe and horfes, and other cattle made ufe of in drawing such waggon, cart, or carriage, or in carrying such fait ^oncealedTii or rock fait, when such officer or officers fhall have good reafon any place, to fufpe£tand believe that such fait, or rock fait, Avail have been with the (hip, privately and clandeftinely procured or made in fome private ^c- when they jfalt work, or other private place, or clandeftinely imported with- to\hffik ft has out payment of duty, or that the fame (hall have been fraudu- been privately

lently made, clan-

900 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

deftindy im» len.tly unfhipped or re-landed after the fame had been (hipped for and*if theC* exportation, or for the purpose of curing and preferving fifh, or party does not t^at ^ame (hall have been fraudulently or clandeftinely taken make it ap- or delivered out of any warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or other place pear that the where the fame may or fhall have b£en lodged and depofited, dU'tJ ^-3S tfen un^er ^ie diredlion of this a6l; and if the party in whose cuflody ihall’be^or-^ or P°^elhon such fait, or rock fait, fhall be found, or who fhall feittd.  lay claim thereto, fhall not, at the hearing or trial of the infor-

mation for condemning the fame, make it appear to the fatisfac-tion of the court or jury that the duty has been duly and fairly paid for the faid fait, or rock fait, or that the fame was not landed, unfhipped, or re-landed, or taken or delivered out of any such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or other place as aforesaid, with any fraudulent defign or intention, then and in every such cafe such felt, or rock fait, together with the package containing the fame, and the (hips, flats, barges, boats, and other veffels, and alio .the waggons, carts, and other carriages and horfes, in or upon which the fame fhall be found, and the cattle made ufe of in the drawing of such W2ggon, cart, or other carriage, or which fhall be ufed or employed in removing such fait, or rock fait as aforefaid. Penalty on {hall be forfeited, and the perfon or perfons in whose cuflody or who^ecuftodv P°^efhon such fait, or rock fait, fhall be found, or who fhall be such fait or ' concerned or employed in unfhipping, landing, re-landing, rerock fait fhall moving, or carrying the fame, fhall forfeit the fum of forty be found, Scc. (hillings for every pound weight of such fait, or rock fait, fo found as aforefaid.

Salt or rock fait hid to evade the duties to be forfeited, and officers of the cuff cm s or excife fu Impeding it to be fo hid, on making oath thereof, may be authorised by the ccm-mi Iff oners of excife, or a juflice, to fearch for it, &c.

LV. And be it further enadled, That if any fait, or rock fait, fhall be fraudulently lodged, hid, or concealed in any place or places whatfoever, with an intent to defraud his Majesty cf the duties by this or any other a<51 impofed for or in refpeci* thereof, all such fait and rock fait refpedlively (hall be forfeited, together with the package containing the fame, and lhall and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms or excife; and the better to enable such officer or officers to difeover any such fa]t, or rock fait, fo forfeited, if any such officer or officers fhall have caufe to fufpec't that any such fait, or reck fait, fhall be fo depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed in any place or places whatfoever, then and in every such cafe, if such place or places be within the limits cf the chief office of excife in London, upon oath made by such officer or officers before any two of the commiffioners of excife for the time being, or in cafe such place or places fhall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers before one or more juffice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place where such officer or officers fhall fufpctSf such fait, or rock fait, to be lodged, hid, or concealed, felting forth the grounds of his or their-fulpicions, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or juffice or juftices of the peace refpeftively, before whom such oath fhall be made, if they or he fhall judge it reafonable, by fpecia) warrant or warrants under bis and their refpedlive hand* and leals, to authorife and empower such officer or officers,: by

day

1797*’] Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. .  901

day or by night, but if in the night then in the prefence of a con-

ftable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and

every such place or places. where he or they fhall fufpedt such

fait, or rock fait, to be fo lodged, hid, or concealed, and to feize

and carry away all such fait, or rock fait, as he or they (hall then

and there find fo lodged, hid, or concealed, together with all the

cafks, bags, or other packages whatfoever wherein the fame

(hall be contained ; and the perfon or psrfons in whose poffeffion Penalty on

fuch fait, or rock fait, fhall he fo found, (hall forfeit and lofe the

fum of forty (hillings for every pound weight of such fait, or non°fuch°felt

rock fait, fo lodged, hid, or concealed, or the fum of one hun- or rock fait

dred pounds, at eledlion of his Majesty’s attorney general, or the ill all be found.

perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame.

LVI. And be it further enadled, That if any fait, or rock fait, Proof of the (hall be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and any difpute (hall arife, whether the duties due and payable^ oVfidt thereon fhall have been paid for the fame, then and in every such 0r rock fait cafe the proof of the payment of the duties, or that the faid fait feized, to lie was fairly and lawfully removed from fome known and entered on the owner, fait work, according to the directions of this a61, fhall lie on the owner or owners, claimer or claimers, of such fait, or rock fait, and not on the officer who {hall feize, flop, or detain the fam£.

LVH. And be it further enacted, That no fait fhall be deli-vered free of duty for exportation, fave and except from or out fre<Tfor ex-U ^ of the warehoufe, ffiorehoufe, or loft, or warehouses, ftorehoufes, portation ex-x>r lofts, belonging and adjoining to the fait work or fait refinery eept from where such fait fo to be exported fhall have been made or refined, or from or out of fome export warehoufe, to be provided, en- Works or ** tered, and approved, at and within the ports of Brijiol or Liver- refineries, or pool, under and according to the directions of this a£f.  export ware-

LVIII. And be it further enacled, That no rock fait fhall be exported to parts beyond the feas, upon payment of only the low vfcrp00i# duty to which rock fait for exportation is fubjecft and liable by this ^  ^  ^

a£l, fave and except such rock fait only as fhall be delivered for to be exported that purpose from or out of the warehoufe or florehoufe belonging on the low and adjoining to the fait mine or fait pit from whence the rock duty, except fait fo to be exported fhall have been taken; and all such rock delivered from

*  tlilC WrlVC ^

fait, which fhall be delivered for exportation upon such low dutyj10Ufe adjoin-as aforesaid, (hall be carried or conveyed immediately from such ing the mine warehoufe or ftorehoufe fo belonging and adjoining to such fait from whence mine or fait pit as aforesaid, to the port from whence the fame is fach^lTffiall intended to be exported, and fhall be there put on board the (Tip conveye(l or veffel in which the fame is intended to be exported to parts immediately beyond the feas, and fhall not be landed, or put or depofited in to the port of any warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or other place in Great Britain, except ^P01'tauon, in cafe of unavoidable neceffity, after the fame fhall have been fo c delivered for exportation as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting all the rock fait fo landed or put into any warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or other place, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.

^ UK. And

902 No rock fait ihall he deli-vered duty tree, except from the

AnnoregnitricefimoodavoGEORGii III. c. 89. [1797*

LIX. And be it further enabled. That no rock fait (hall be delivered free of duty, fave and except such rock fait only as (hall be removed from and out of the warehoufe or florehoufe belonging and adjoining to the fait mine or fait pit from whence

warehoufe ad- the fame was raifed or taken, for the purpose of being carried or conveyed, under, fubje£f, and according to the rules and regulations herein after in that behalf provided, to fome known and entered refinery of rock fait, and such rock fait, fo delivered free of duty for the purpose aforesaid, fhall be carried and conveyed directly from the warehoufe or ftorehoufe, from* whence the fame (hall be removed as aforesaid, to the fait refinery at which the fame is intended to be melted and refined,

LX. Provided always neverthelefs. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend to of warehoufes prevent any such maker or makers of mineral alkali, or flux for chityf^fbr glafs, as is herein-after mentioned, from taking any rock fait alkaliTor^ ^rC)m or out °^ any such warehoufe, free of duty, for the purpose flux for glafs, on bond.

Makers of fait, &C. to give previous notice to the officer of

joining the mine whence taken, to be carried to an entered refinery, where U fhall be conveyed directly.

Rock fait may be taken out

liver fait for exportation, curing fiih, or to be lent to an entered export warc-houfe, fperi-lying certain pai ticu! irs.

of making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, on giving such bond or fecurity as is herein-after in that behalf prescribed.

LXf. And be it further enabled, That when and fo often as any maker or makers of fait, or refiner or refiners of rock fait, or proprietor or proprietors of any fait work, fhall have occafion to deliver any fait from his, her, or their entered warehoufe or tendon to dc- warehoufes, or ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lofts, either for immediate exportation, or to be ufed and employed in curing and preferving fifh, or to be fent and conveyed to fome entered export warehoufe, provided under and according to the directions of this abt, for keeping fait for exportation, at the port of Liverpool or Briftol, he, fhe, or they (hall give previous notice in writing to the proper officer of excife, under whose furvey such warehoufe or warehoufes, ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes, or loft or lofts, dial! be, by the fpace of two hours, of his or their intention fo to deliver fait as aforesaid, and (hall fpecify in such notice the day and hour of the day when he, (he, or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver such fait, the quantity he, fhe, or they intends or intend to deliver; and if it be fait intended for immediate exportation, he, (he, or they fhall fpecify at what port or place such fait is intended to be (hipped, and by what conveyance the fame is to be carried to such port or place; and if such fait is intended to be removed to any such export warehoufe, to what particular export warehoufe the fame is intended to be removed, and what is the name of the owner or proprietor of such export warehoufe, and by what conveyance the fame is intended to be removed to such export warehoufe; or if the fait fo to be delivered as aforefaid Avail be intended for the purpose , rf curing or preferving h(h, then such maker or makers, refiner4 . or refiners, proprietor or proprietors as aforesaid, fhall fpecify in such notice the name of ihe fifh curer or filh curers to whom, and the place to which the fait is to be conveyed or fent, and by what conveyance the fame is to be removed.

LXII. PrO-

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. 0,89.  903

LXII. Provided always neverthelefs, That if the flat, boat. If the flat,&c. or veflel, in or by which the fait fpecified in any such notice is intended to be removed or conveyed, fhall be found incapable, notic^is either from the want of water or other unavoidable circumftance, intended to be to receive, take, or convey the whole quantity of fait fo fpecified, removed, be in any such notice, then and in such cafe it fhall and may be law-ful to and for such maker, refiner, or proprietor as aforesaid, to wj10je qUan. difcontinue any such weighing or delivery, upon giving to the titv, the proper officer of excife a declaration in writing, fpecifying the weighing or real caufe of the difcontinuance, and the true quantity of fait which (hall have adtually been weighed and delivered in purfu- mied, on glance of any such notice as aforefaid.  ingadeclara-

LXLII. And be it further enabled, That before any such fait tion to the {hall be delivered free of duty for immediate exportation, or be- °^er fore any rock fait fhall be delivered for exportation upon the low c"u e’ duty to which rock fait is fubjed and liable upon exportation, the maker or makers, refiner or refiners thereof, or proprietor or oered duty-proprietors of the fait mine, fait pit, or fait work, from whence free, or rock the fame fhall be fo delivered, (hall give fufficient bond or fecu- fait on the low riry, to be approved of by the commiffioners of excife, or the  ^

perfon or per Tons who fhall be appointed or employed by them bonj to be for that purpose, in treble the amount of the duty by this ad given that it impofed for or in refpedt of fait, or rock fait, for home trade or  duly

confumption, for all the fait and rock fait fo to be delivered for dander immediate exportation, that all such fait and rock fait fo to be tinely difpofed delivered for exportation, and every part thereof, fhall, the dan- of in Great ger of enemies only excepted, be duly (hipped and put on board Britain, the (hip or veflel in which the fame is intended to be exported beyond the feas, and that no part of such fait, or rock fait, fhall, before the (hipping thereof in such fhip or veflel, be fold or delivered for home trade or confumption, or otherwife fraudulently difpofed of in Great Britain.

LXIV. And be it further ena<51ed, That such bond or fecu- How such rity as aforefaid fhall be cancelled and difcharged upon the maker fhall be or makers, refiner or refiners of the fait, or proprietor or pro- 1 c ** prietors of the fait work from whence the fait, or rock fait, was fo delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excife a certificate under the hand of such other officer of excife as fhall be authorifed or employed to give and grant the fame, teflifying that all and every part of the fait, and rock fait, mentioned in such bond or fecurity had been duly (hipped and put on board the fhip or veflel in which the fame was intended to be exported, under, fubjedt, and according to the rules and regulations herein-after in that behalf prefcribed : provided always. That such certificate fhall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excife within two months next after the day on which such fait fhall have been fo delivered out of the warehoufe or ftorehoufe, or warehoufes or florehoufes, belonging to such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors as aforefaid.

LXV. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That if on H on the *r-

, rival at Liverpool or lirdtol

th<

proprietor, upon notice to the excife officer, &c. may deliver it into an export warehouse, and, on certificate from the offi-

ffiall be can celled

904 Anno regni tricefimo odlavo Georgit III. c. 89. [1797.

of fait deliver- the arrival at Liverpool or Briflol of any fait, (rock fait excepted), tat ion from1' ^e^verec^ f°r the purpose of being (hipped for exportation from thence it can- *hence* fhip or veflel in which the fame was intended to be not be taken exported fnall have failed from thence, or if for want of ftowage onboard, the or other caufe such fait cannot be received or taken on board such fhip or veffel, then and in such cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the proprietor or proprietors, or owner or owners of such fait, upon due notice in writing given to the proper officer of excife within tw7elve hours after the arrival of such fait, and upon a due obfervance of conformity to and compliance with the rules, regulations, reftridlions, and provifions provided and effablifhed for and in refpedf of the warehoufing of fait in any entered export warehoufe at the ports of Liverpool and Brif-£erh Lhe to^ t0 deliver the whole of such fait, if the whole cannot be received or taken on board such (hip or veffel as aforesaid, or such part thereof as cannot be received or taken on board such fhip or veffel, into any such entered export warehoufe, whereupon and in every such cafe the proper officer of excife, upon being fatif-hed that the whole of such fait, or such part thereof as hath not been duly fhipped and exported to parts beyond the feas, has been duly delivered and fecured in such export warehoufe, is hereby authorifed and required to grant a certificate, teftifying what quantity of such fait has been fo fhipped for exportation, and what quantity thereof hath been delivered and fecured in such export warehoufe as aforefaid ; and if the whole quantity of l’alt fpecified in such certificate fhall correspond and agree with the quantity fpecified in the bond given on the firft delivery of such fait from the warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft belonging to the fait work where such fait was made, and if such certificate fhall be produced to and left with the proper officer of excife within the time limited in such bond or fecurity for the production of the certificate mentioned in the condition of such bond or fecu-ritv, then and in such cafe such bond or fecurity fo given as aforefaid fhall be cancelled and difcharged ; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enadled, That when and fo often as . any owner or proprietor, or owners or proprietors of any such export warehoufe as aforesaid, provided and entered for the pur-ftoring, and keeping fait therein at the port of

Previous notice to be given the offi cer of intention to deliver pole of laying.

fait from ex- Liverpool or Briflol, for exportation as aforesaid, fhall have occa

port ware-houfes, Sped fying certain particulars.

fion to deliver any fait from or out of such his, her, or their warehoufe, he, fhe, or they fhall give previous notice in writing to the proper officer of excife under vvhofe furvey such warehoufe fhall then be, by the fpace of fix hours, of his, her, or their intention fo to deliver such fait as aforesaid, and fhall fpecify in such notice the day and hour of the day when he, fhe, or they intends or intend to weigh and deliver such fait, and the quantity thereof which he, fhe, or they fo intends or intend to deliver for exportation, and the name of the fhip or veffel in which the fame is intended to be exported, and of the mafter thereof and to what place such fait is intended to be exported.

LXVII. And

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo ofltavo Georgii III. c 89.  905

LXVII. And be it farther enacted, That it {hall and may beIn yearly lawful to and for the proper officer of excife of the divifion 1 n tal^anac t0 which any such export warehoufe, provided and entered for the count of fait purpose of laying, fforing, and keeping fait for exportation, at in export the port of Liverpool or Briftol, (hall be fituate, once in every warehoufes, year, that is to fay, In the month of June in every year, to weigh and take a particular account of all the fait remaining in feit izs. for any such warehoufe as aforefaid ; and if upon weighing and every bu(hel taking such account it {hall appear that the whole quantity of deficient, fait duly delivered out of such warehoufe, fince the day on which °he office/0 the fame was firft entered at the excife office, or fince the laft arHj t|le re’_ preceding time of taking such particular account as aforesaid, mainder to his added to the quantity of fait then remaining in such warehoufe, Majesty.

{hall fall fhort or be deficient of the quantity of fait actually delivered into or depofited in such warehoufe, fince the day on which such warehoufe was firft entered as aforesaid, or fince the laft preceding time of taking such particular account as aforesaid, added to the quantity of fait which was taken and eftablifhed as the ftock of fait in such warehoufe at such laft preceding time of taking such particular account as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe the proprietor or proprietors of any such warehoufe (hall, for such deficiency, forfeit and lofe at and after the rate of twelve (hillings for every bufhel of fait fo deficient, one fixth part of which fhall be to the officer or officers who {hall difeo-ver such deficiency, and the other five parts to and for the ufe of his Majesty ; but if inftead of a deficiency there {hall appear to Increafe of be an increafe or furplus of fait upon fo taking such particular f»lt* on taking account of, and balancing the ftock of fait in any such export ^bedeerne^ warehoufe as aforesaid, then and in such cafe such increafe or part Qf thede-furplus (hall be deemed and taken to be part of the depending pending ftock, ftock of fait in such export warehoufe, and fhall be carried forward, accounted for, and eftablidied as part of the ftock of fait of such export warehoufe at the next fubfequent time of weighing and taking the particular account, and balancing of the ftock of fait in such export warehoufe as aforefaid.

LX VIII. And be it further enabled, That before any such Before Lit is fait {hall be delivered free of duty, for the purpose of curing or dutyfree for preferving fifh, the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners curmgfifii^ thereof, or proprietor or proprietors of the fait work from whence bond to be the fame is to be fo delivered, or the merchant or merchants for given that it whose account or on whose order the fame fhall be delivered,  duly

fhall give fufficient bond or fecurity, to be approved of bv the t^e fifb Curer. commiffioners of excife, or the^erfon or perfons who fhall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in .treble the amount of the duty of the fait fo intended to be delivered for the purpose of curing or preferving fifh (in which bond or fecurity the mafter or owner of the (hip or veffel in which the fait is to be carried or conveyed fhall join), that all such fait, and every part thereof, fhall, the dangers of enemies only excepted, be duly delive.ed into the cuftody and. pofleffion of the fifh curer or fi(h curers, for or to whom the fame is to be configned or fent,

and

How such bonds (hall be difcharged.

and that no part of such fait (hall, before the fame (hall be fo delivered into the cuftody or poffeflion of such fifh curer or fifh curers as aforesaid, be fold or delivered for home trade or con-fumption, or otherwife fraudulently difpofed of in Great Britain.

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That such laft-mentioned bond or fecurity {hall be cancelled and difcharged upon the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners of the fait, or proprietor or proprietors of the fait work where the fait was fo delivered, or the merchant or merchants for or on whose account or order the fait was fo delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excife a certificate under the hand of such other officer of excife as (hall be authorifed to give and grant the fame, teftifying that all and every part of the fait mentioned in such bond or fecurity has been duly delivered into the cuftody or pofleffion of the filh curer or fifh curers for whom the fame was intended, or to whom the fame was configned or fent, and that bond or fecurity has been given by or on the part of such fifh curer or fifh curers, that all the fait fent or configned to him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or their cuftody, fhall be ufed and employed in curing and preferving fifh : provided always, That such certificate fhall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excife within three months next after the day on which such fait fhall have been delivered out of the warehoufe or ftorehoufe, or warehoufes or ftorehoufes, belonging to such maker or makers, or refiner or refiners, proprietor or proprietors as aforefaid.

LXX. And be it further ena&ed, That before any fait fhall be delivered for the purpose of being removed to any such entered export warehoufe at Liverpool or Brijlol as aforesaid, the maker or makers, refiner or refiners thereof, or the proprietor or proprietors of the fait work, from which the fait fhall be intended to be delivered, fhall give fufficient bond or fecurity, to be ap-deliVered^nto Prove<^ by commiifioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons who fhall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in double the amount of the duty by this a& impofed for or in re-fpecft of fait for home trade or confumption, for all the fait fo to be delivered as aforesaid, that all the fait fo to be delivered as aforesaid, and every part thereof, fhall, the dangers of enemies only excepted, be duly removed to, and delivered into such warehoufe at Liverpool or Brijlol, to which the fame fhall be configned or fent, and that no part thereof fhall be delivered for home trade or confumption, or otherwife fraudulently difpofed of in Great Britain.

How such  LXXI. And be it further cna&ed, That such laft-mentioned

bonds (ball be bond or fecurity fhall be cancelled and difcharged upon the maker difchaiged. or  refiner  or refiners of fait, or proprietor or pro-

prietors of the fait work from whence the fait was removed as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excife a certificate under the hand of such officer of excife as fhall be authorifed to give and grant the fame, teftifying that ail and every part of the fait mentioned in such bond or fecurity has

been

Before fait ihall be delivered for removal to any export warehoufe, bond to be given

it.

9°7*

1797.] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii IIL c. 89.

been duly removed to, and delivered at, and fecured in the faid warehoufe to which the fame was Cent or configned: provided always^ That such certificate (hall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excife, within three months next after the day on which such fait fhall have been firfi: delivered from the warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft, belonging to the fait work at which the fame was made.

LXXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enacfted, That if on Salt delivered the arrival at Liverpool or Briftol of any fait delivered upon bond an ex'pof/ or fecurity for the purpose of being removed to any such entered, warehoufe ' export warehoufe as aforesaid, the proprietor or proprietors, or may, on its owner or owners of any such fait, fhall be defirous of imme- arriva* at Li-diately exporting the fame, or any part thereof, in lieu and in-  bTim-

ffead of firfi: putting the fame into such export warehoufes as mediately aforesaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for such proprietor fhipped for or proprietors, or owner or owners, upon duly obferving, con- exportation, forming to, and complying with all the rules, regulations, re- ^cate from the ffridtions, and provifions provided and eftablifhed for or in re-officer the fpecSf of the exporting of fait immediately, and without putting bond fhall be the fame into such export warehoufe, to fhip the whole, or any dilcharged. part of such fait, for exportation to parts beyond-the Teas, whereupon and in every such cafe the proper officer of excife, upoTi being fatisfied that the whole of such fait, or such part thereof as hath not been delivered and fecured in such export warehoufe as aforesaid, has been duly fhipped and exported to parts beyond the feas, is hereby authorifed and required to grant a certificate, teftifying what quantity of such fait hath been fo fhipped for exportation, and what quantity thereof hath been delivered and fecured in such export warehoufe as aforefaid ; and if the whole quantity of fait fpecified in such certificate fhall cor-refpond and agree with the quantity fpecified in the bond or fecurity given on the firfi: delivery of such fait from the warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or loft belonging to the fait work where such fait was made, and if such certificate fhall be produced to and left with the proper officer of excife, within the time limited in such bond or fecurity for the production of the certificate mentioned in the condition of such bond or fecurity, then and in such cafe such bond or fecurity fo given as aforefaid fhall be cancelled and difeharged ; any thing in this a£t to the contrary in ariywife notwithftanding.

LXXIIL And be it further enacted, That before any rock Before rock . fait fhall be delivered free of duty, to be melted and refined at ^pverec^ any entered refinery in Great Britain, the proprietor or proprie- duty-free to tors of the fait mine or fait pit, from whence such rock fait is be refined, -to be delivered, fhall give fufficient bond or fecurity, to be ap- bond to be^ proved of by the cornmiffioners of excife, or the perfon or per* fh^be^ddf ions who fhall be appointed or employed by them for that pur- vered at the" pole, in treble the value of the duty of the rock fait fo intended refinery, ::nd to be delivered for the purpose of being melted and refined as not fold be-aforefaid, that all such rock fait, and every part thereof, fhall be ^or any duly delivered at the entered refinery to which, and into the cul- °ulClPluP° ei Vol. XLI.  O o o  tody

908 Anno regai tricefimo o&avoGEORGii III. c. 89. [1797.

tody and poffeffion of the entered refiner or refiners for or to whom, the fame is to be configned or ient, and that no part of such rock fait dial!, the danger of enemies only excepted, before the fame (hall be delivered into the cuftody or poffeffion of such refiner or refiners as aforesaid, at and on the faid refinery, be iold or delivered for any other purpose, or otherwife fraudulently dil'pofed of in Great Britain. bow such LXXIV. And be it further ena&ed. That such lafl-men-^fchar^ed^ ^ tioned bond or fecurity fhall be cancelled or difcharged, upon u b * the proprietor or proprietors of the fait mine or fait pit, where the rock fait was fo delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excife a certificate under the hand of such other officer of excife as fhall be authorifed to give and grant the fame, teftifying that all and every part of the rock fait mentioned in such bond or fecurity has been duly delivered at the entered refinery at which, and into the cuftody or poflef-fion of the entered refiner or refiners for whom the fame was intended, or to whom the fame was configned or lent: provided always, 7’hat such certificate fhall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excife, within three months next after the day on which such rock fait fhall have been delivered out of the warehoufe or ftorehoufe, or warehoufes or ftorehoufes, belonging to such proprietor or proprietors as aforefaid.

LXXV. And be it further enabled. That no rock fait, which {hall be delivered duty free, for the ufe of, or to be conveyed to any refinery of rock fait, fhall be removed in any flat, barge, boat, or other vefTel, or in any waggon, cart, or other carriage, in which any fait of any other defeription, or any fait, or rock fait, for any other purpose, fhall be put or laid; and that no rock fait, which fhall be delivered upon the low duty for exportation, (hall be removed in any flat, barge, boat, or other vefl'el, or in any waggon, cart, or other carriage, in which any fait of any other defeription, or any fait, or rock fait, for any other purpose, (hall be put or laid ; and that no fait, delivered duty free for exportation, or to be ufed in curing and preferving fi(h refpe&ively, {hall be removed in any flat, barge, boat, or defeription or Gther vefl'el, or in any waggon, cart, or other carriage, in which ot any ot ei any (alt of any other defeription, or for any other purpose, fhall be put or laid, on pain of forfeiting all the fait, or rock fait, which (hall be found fo removed or removing, contrary to the directions and true intent and meaning of this a£f, and the fame, together with the package containing the fame, (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

LXXVI. And be it further enabled. That before any fair, of rock fait, {hall be put into, or fhipped on board of any (hip or vefl'el, in which the fame is intended to be exported to parts beyond the Teas, the Clipper or exporter thereof fhall give at leafi fix hours notice in writing to the proper officer of excife of his intention to {hip the fame, fpecifying in such notice, the quantity of the fait, or rock fait, to be fhipped, the name of the {hip or vefiel in which the fame is to be fhipped and exported, and of

the

Rock fait delivered duty-free for refining, or upon the low duty for exportation, and fait duty-free for exportation or curing hill, fhall not be removed re-fpedively in any flat, &c. in which fait of any other

purpofe fhall dc put, on penalty of forfeiture.

Previous notice to be given to the officer of intention to {hip fait or rock fait for exportation, fpecifyigg certain particulars, with

1797*1 ^nno *egni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 89.  909

the matter thereof, and the port or place to which the fait, or bond that it rock fait, is to be configned or fent, and (hall alfo, before such ^ oited^U^ fait, or rock fait, (hall be (hipped, give fuflicient bond or fecu- p rity, to be approved by the commiflioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons who (hall be appointed or employed by them for that plirpofe, (in which bond or fecurity the matter or commander of the (hip or vettel (hall join), in treble the value of the duty on fait for home trade or confumption, for all the fait or rock fa 11 to be exported, that all and every part of such fait or rock lalt (hall, the danger of the feas and enemies only excepted, be duly and truly exported to parts beyond the Teas, and that the (aid fait or rock fait, or any part thereof, (hall not be unfhipped or relanded in any part of Great Britain.

LXXVTL And be it further enacted, That all such fait, or Such fait and rock fait, (hall be weighed and (hipped, and put into or on board rock fait (half of the (hip or veflel in which the fame is to be exported in the ancTihf prefence of the proper officer of excife, who is hereby authorifed jn the prefence and required to attend the weighing and (hipping of such fait or of the officer, rock fait, upon the receipt of such notice, duly and legally fentwholhall br delivered to him as aforefaid; and if the fait or rock fait  ^te ^^dfv

(hipped and put into or on board such (hip or vettel, (hall be fait jng the quan-or rock fait that (hall have been fent or brought immediately tity and fpe-from the fait work at which the fame was raifed, made, or re- ci^s (hipped, fined, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for such officer, and &c* he is hereby authorifed and required, upon feeing and being fatisfied that all the fait br rock fait fent or brought immediately from the fait work for exportation as aforesaid, has been or is duly (hipped and put on board the (hip or vettel in which the fame is intended to be exported to parts beyond the feas, and that bond or fecurity has been legally given for the due exportation thereof, to give and grant to the party authorifed to receive the fame, a certificate under his hand, fpecifying the quantity and fpecies of the fait or rock fait fo (hipped for exportation as aforesaid, and alfo the name or names of the perfon or perfons from whom the fait or rock fait was brought or fenr, together with the date and number of the permit with which the fame was accompanied, and the day on which the fait or rock fait was fo (hipped as aforefaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further enated, That it fliall and may Salt (rock fait be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons who (hall have paid, and foreign or fecured to be paid, his Majetty’s duty due and payable for for whkhthe^ any fait, (rock fait and foreign fait excepted), or who (hall buy duties have or be lawfully entitled to any lalt (rock fait and foreign fait ex- been paid, or cepted) from the perfon or perfons who actually paid his Ma- (ecured to be jetty’s duties for the fame, to export from any lawful quays, and export-dTipon in the lawful hours, any fait (rock fait and foreign fait excepted) certain" concti.-, for which all the duties (hall have been paid, or fecured to be tions. paid, to any parts beyond the feas, by way of merchandize, upon the terms and according to the directions herein-after mentioned ;

(that is to fay). The perfon or perfons fo intending to export fuck fait as aforesaid, (hall give fix hours notice in writing of the

0002  time

9*o

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III^c. '89. {1797*

time and place of (hipping such fait, unto the proper officer of the port or place where such fait (hall be intended to be (hipped, who (hall thereupon attend, and fee the fame weighed and put on (hip-board ; and the exporter Or exporters of such fait (hall caufe all such fait to be weighed and (hipped in the prefence of such officer accordingly; and (hall alfo, before the (hipping thereof, give fufficient bond or fecurity, to be approved of by the commiffioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that all and every part of the fait fo intended to be exported (hall, the dangers of the feas and enemies only excepted, be duly exported to parts beyond the leas, and (hall not be unffiipped, unladen, or laid or put on board any other (hip or veffiel in Great Britain ((hipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted) ; and the exporter (hall make oath before the proper officer of excife of the (aid port or place, (which oath such officer is hereby authorifed and empowered to adminifter), that he believes the duty upon such fait Officer to give has been fully paid, or fecured to be paid; and the faid officer the exporter a Qf excife being fatisfied that all such fait has been duly and fairly (hipped and exported, (hall, within one month after the exportation thereof, give to the exporter, or his chief clerk or manager, a debenture, expreffing the quantity of such fait fo exported as aforesaid, and that oath has been made that the duty has been paid for the fame, and alfo that bond or fecurity has been given for the due exportation thereof; and such debenture being produced to the colledlor of excife of the port or place from whence the fait was exported, such collector (hall forthwith pay or allow to the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame, or his, her, or their agent or agents, a drawback or allowance of the duty be-foie paid for such fait fo exported ; and if such colledfor (hall not have fufficient money in his hands to pay the fame, the refpedtive commiffioners of excife in England or Scotland are hereby required and enjoined to pay the faid drawback or allowance out of the duty on fait.

LXXIX. And be it further ena£led, That no certificate or debenture for cancelling or difeharging any bond or fecurity, or for obtaining any drawback or allowance of duty, (hall be made out upon the exportation of any fait, or rock lalt, or upon the receipt or delivery of any fait to be ufed or employed in curing and preferving fifh, until the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, exporter or exporters, of such fait or rock fait, or one of them refpe&ively, or his, her, or their known agent, (hall have verified upon oath, before the proper officer of excife, that forcuHn°f(ifi!! a!l ,he falt’ or rock fait, for which such certificate or debenture untint1 flLtlr* (hall be required, has been duly and fairly exported to parts behave beta ve- yond the feas, or duly delivered into the cuftody of the fifh rifted on oath, curer to whom the fame was configned, as the cafe maybe,

that it has which oath such officer of excife is hereby authorifed and em-been duly ex-  .  ,  .  J

ported or de- powered to adrmnmer,

in*i-red.  LXXX. And

debenture, expreffing the quantity of fait exported, &c. on production of which to the collector of the port, he fhall allow a drawback, of the duty.

TTo certificate for cancelling bonds, or debenture for obtaining drawbacks, fhall be made out upon exportation of fait or rock fait, or upon

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 89.  911

LXXX. And be it further enacted, Xhat n0 certificate or certificate debenture for the repayment of duty for and in refpedl of fait, or ^rrr^p^y^flt for cancelling or difcharging any bond or fecurity given in relpedt 0f*duty for of fait or rock fait exported to Ireland, or the illands of Guernfey, fait, or for ferfey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, (hall be given or granted, until a cancelling certificate fhall be' produced under the hands and feals of the  -

Collector, comptroller, and furveyor of his Majefly’s cuftoms, or fajt fr rock any two of them, belonging to the port in Ireland., or of the Ijle fait exported of Man, or from the regilier of certificates, or other chief officer to Ireland, of the cuftoms in the faid illands of Guernfey, ferfey, Sark, or &c* fhall be Alderney, at which such fait or rock fait refpedtively (hall have ^certTficate 1 been landed, certifying that such fait or rock fait has been duly be produced landed there.  of its being

LXXXI. And be it further enadfed, That if any fait or rock lancled- . fait which (hall be entered or fhipped for exportation, either free of duty, or upon the low duty to which rock fait for exportation for exporta-is fubjeci and liable, or for the purpose or with intent to obtain tion. fhall be the drawback of any duty, fhall be unfhipped, unloaded, or laid unfiripped or on land, or put into any other (hip or vefiel in Great Britain,  *n

(fhipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted), then and in Great Britain every such cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond diredted it fhall be for-to be given by this add, which (hall be levied and recovered to feited with his Majesty’s ufe, all the fait or rock fait which fhall be fo un- ttie vellel. fhipped, unloaded, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or vefiel in Great Britain, or the value thereof, fhall be forfeited, together with the package containing the fame, and alfo the fhip or veffiel from or out of which, and the fhip or vefiel into which such fait fhall be taken or put, and the fame refpedtively fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

LXXXIL And be it further enadled, That when and fo often If any perfon as any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of fait, or any other perfon or perfons fhall have occafion to fend or remove coaftwife, tendeci to be any quantity of lalt received from any entered fait work* such removed was dealer or dealers, feller or fellers, or other perfon or perfons received into refpedtively, upon making oath before the proper officer of excife aft°rmit of the divifion or place from whence the fait is to be removed, ^ fhall be * (which oath such officer is hereby authorifed and empowered to entitled to a adminifter), that all the fait fo intended to be removed was permit to rereceived into his, her, or their cuftody, with and under a legal move itcoaft-permit, and that he, (he, or they believes or believe that the duty for and in refpedl of such fait has been duly paid, or fecured to be paid, and upon the delivery of a requeft note, according to the form by this adt directed, fhall be entitled to a permit to accompany such fait fo to be removed or lent coaftwife as aforefaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enadted. That all and every Matters of mafter or commander of any (Tip or vefiel in or on board ofveffidt>con-which any fait or rock fait fhall be carried, or tranfported, or rock^falttVom conveyed, from one port or place in Great Britain to another onc piace m part thereof, fhall, before he fhall begin to unlhip or land any Great Britain part of the fait or rock fait, in or on board of such (hip or veflel,*0 another,

0 0 0 3  prod.«Kj£ir

wife.



912  Anno  regni  tricefimo  oflavo  Georgii  III.  c.  89.  [1797^

leave with the produce to and leave with the proper officer of excife, who {hall a^ermh^or1" aPP°'ntec^ or employed to receive the fame, a true and tbecame Tnci authentick permit, or true and authentick permits, for luch fait make oath or rock fait, and {hall make oath before such proper officer of that he be- excife (which oath such officer is hereby authorifed and empow-

lieves no other erej t0 adminifter), that to the beft of his knowledge and belief,

has been put  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -

on board.

no fait or rock fait hath been laid on board of, or put or taken into his {hip or veffel fince {he departed or failed from the port or place at which the fait or rock fait mentioned in such permit or permits was {hipped, and that he verily believes no fait or rock fait whatfoever hath been laid on board, or put or taken into such fhip or veffel, fave and except such as is mentioned and fpecified in the permit or permits, then and at the time of making such oath produced to and left with such officer as aforefaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enabled, That every such mafler or commander of any {hip or veffel, in or on board of which any fait {hall be fo carried or conveyed from one port or place in Great Britain to another part thereof, fhail, when he {hall be intended to be t^ereunt0 recluired by any officer of excife, caufe all the fait or

Such matters, when required by an, excife officer, to caufe the fait or rock fait

rock fait intended to be unihipped or delivered, to be juflly weighed out of such {hip or veffel in the prefence of such officer, who {hall be permitted to take a true account thereof; and if any such matter or commander {hall neglebl or refufe to produce to and leave with such officer as aforesaid, such permit or permits as before-mentioned, or {hall refufe or neglebl to make such oath fufing to pro- as aforesaid, or to weigh out of hi's {hip or veffel all the fait or duce permits, rock fait in and on board of the fame, in the prefence of such officer as aforesaid, such matter or commander fhail, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enabled, That every matter or other perl'on having charge of any flat, barge, boat, or other veffel in which any fait (hall be laden, before he fhail take or remove any part of such fait or rock fait out of such flat, barge, boat, or other veflel, for the purpose of laying or putting t^e fa,me in or on board of any fhip, or of any other flat, barge, boat, or. other veffel, fhail produce to the proper officer of excife of the port or place where such fait fhail be intended to be fo removed out of one veflel into another, a true and authentick permit for such fait or rock fait, and {hall, if thereunto required by such officer, weigh or caufe all such fait or rock fait to be weighed on such removal as aforesaid, in the prefence of such officer; and if any such matter or other perfon {hall refufe or neglebl to produce such permit or certificate, or to weigh such fait or rock fait when thereunto required as aforesaid, he (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it further enabled. That all fait and rock fait which fhail be brought or imported from Scotland into England, without a legal certificate under the hand of the p£Op^r officer of excife in Scotland, tettifying that all the duties d.ue and payable for or in refpebt of such fait made or procured] in Scotland have been duly paid, {hall be forfeited, together with the package

containing

un(hipped, to be weighed, and an account to be taken. Penalty of iool. for re-

&c.

Matters before they remove fait or rock fait out of flats, &c. to produce a permit, and, if required, weigh such fait in pre-fence of the officer, on penalty of iool.

Salt and rock fait imported from Scotland into England without certificate of the duties being paid, to be

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 89.  9,15

containing the fame, and alfo the (hips, barges, boats, and other forfeited, with

veflels, and the waggons, carts, or other carriages, and like wife the veffels>«c*

the horfes and cattle employed in importing or bringing, or

removing or carrying the fame, and the fame refpedively (hall

and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; and the5°l penalty

perfon or perfons in whose cuftody or potteffion any such fait or ^^ofe^cultody

rock fait (hall be found, or who (hall be concerned or employed founti? &c.

in fo importing or bringing, or removing or conveying the fame,

contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, (hall forfeit

the fum of fifty pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it further enaded, That no fait or rock No fait or fait (hail be brought or removed from Scotland to England by rock

*  c  #  o  j  vcmoveci

land, on pain of forfeiting the fame, together with the package from Scotland

containing the fame, and alfo the waggons, carts, and other to England by

carnages, and the horfes and cattle ufed or employed in removing land, on pe-

or bringing the fame; and the fame refpedively /hall and may be

feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and the tjle Wag<rons,

perfon or perfons concerned in fo bringing or removing the fame. Sec.

contrary to the diredion of this ad, (hall forfeit, for every pound Penalty on

weight of such fait or rock fait fo brought or removed, the fum perfons con-

of forty (hillings, or the fum of one hundred pounds, at the

eledion of his Majesty’s attorney general, or the perfon or perfdns r,nSinS K*

who dial] fue for the fame.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That the mafler or Matters of commander of every (hip or veil'd in which any fait or rock fait yeflelsimport-(hall be brought or imported from Scotland into England, (hall, JockValtfrora immediately on his arrival at the port or place to which such fait Scotland into or rock lalt is configned, and before he (hall prefume to unihip, EnglandJliall, unlade, or land any part of such fait or rock fait, produce to and before unfhip-leave with the proper colledor or officer of excife of such port or the offi-place as aforesaid, a legal certificate under the hand of the proper cer of excife officer of excife in Scotland, teftifying that all the duties by this a certificate ad impofed for and in refped of such fait and rock fait, made, that the duties or raifed or taken from any mine or pit in Scotland,, have been duly paid, and such matter and commander as aforesaid, (hall make oath make oath cefore such colledor or officer of excife as aforesaid, that it is the (which oath such colledor or officer is hereby authorifed and identical fait empowered to adminifter), that such fait and rock (alt, intended therein0and to be unfhipped or landed at such port or place, is the identical that no’other fait or rock fait mentioned in such certificate as aforesaid, and has been put that no -other fait or rock fait has, to his knowledge or belief, on board, and been put or laden on board of his (hip or veflel, fince the fait or  1  on

rock fait mentioned in such certificate as aforefaid was firtt: put penalty of on board, and fhall fatisfy and pay to the faid colledor or officer xool. and for-of excife, all the duty by this ad impofed on fait and rock fait fe‘ture °f the brought from Scotland into England, with fuefi certificate as falt and veflel. aforesaid, and (hall forthwith weigh, unftiip, and deliver all such fait or rock fait in the prefence of such colledor or officer as aforefaid; and if such matter or commander as aforesaid, (hall negled or refufe to produce to and leave with such colledor or officer of excife such certificate as aforefaid^ or to make such oath

0004  as

914 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89, [1797.

as aforesaid, or to pay and fatisfy the duty in the manner hereinbefore directed, * or fhall neglect or refufe to weigh, unfhip, and deliver all such fait and rock fait in the prefence of such collector or officer as aforesaid, every such mailer or commander fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all the fait and rock fait fo brought and imported as aforesaid, together with the packages containing the fame, and alfo the fhip or veffel in which the fame fhall be brought or imported as aforesaid, and the fame refpectively fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of cuftoms or excife*

LXXXIX. And whereas fait is an ejfential ingredient in preparing and making oxiginated muriatic acid, which is commonly inade ufe of in the bleaching of linen and cotton: and whereas the granting an allowance or drawback of the duties new payable on Britifh fait, for such fait as fall be ufed, employed, fpent, and confumed in the preparing and making of such oxiginated 'muriatic acid for the purpose aforesaid, ivill greatly promote and encourage the' manufacture of linens and A drawback cottons in this kingdom: be it therefore enabled. That the whole to b^allov/ed ^ut*es novv Payable on lalt of Englijh manufacture, fhall be drawn on Britifh fait bacck: and allowed for all fait of Englijh manufacture which fhall ufed in mak- be ufed, employed, fpent, and confumed in making any such ing oxiginated originated muriatic acid in England; and alfovthat the whole thrbkachi'n^ duties now payable on fait of the manufacture bf Scotland, fhall linen, under be drawn back and allowed for all fait which fhall be ufed, certain pro- employed, fpent, and confumed in making any such oxiginated vilions.  muriatic  acid  as  aforefaid in Scotland, upon the production of

fuch certificate as is herein-after provided and directed: provided always, That no such drawback or allowance fhall be granted for any more or other fait than fhall be actually mixed and mingled with vitriolic acid, manganefe, and water, in the prefence of the proper officer of excife, and in the proportion of at leaft twenty pounds weight of vitriolic acid, twenty pounds weight of manganefe, and ten pounds weight of water to every fifty-fix pounds weight of fait; nor fhall any such drawback or allowance be granted to- any perfon not being an actual bleacher of linen or cotton, nor unlefs every such bleacher, intending to claim such drawback or allowance, fhall make due entry in writing of every workhoufe, warehoufe, florehoufe, room, and other place, by him, her, or them refpectively intended to be made ufe of, in or for the preparing or making such oxiginated , muriatic acid as aforefaid^ at the office of excife within the compafs or limits whereof such workhoufe, warehoufe, florehoufe, room, or other place refpectively fhall be fituate: provided alfo, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excife, from time to time, and at all times, by day or night, upon his or their requefl, to enter into and upon all and every the workhoufe?, warehoufes, florehoufes, rooms, and other places, refpectively made ufe of by any such bleacher or bleachers for the making of oxiginated muriatic acid, and by weighing, gauging, or other-wile to take account of all fait which (hall at any time be therein, and of the ftate of operation and manufacture of such oxiginated muriatic acid.

XC. And

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o6lavo Georgii IIT. c. 89.  91*5

XC. And be it farther enaCfed, That no officer or officers of Officer not to excife (hall at any time be obliged to attend the mixture of any attend the t0 such fait and other ingredients, at any such bleachers as aforesaid, fixture of oftener than once in every seven days, nor (hall any such officer fait at bleach-or officers be obliged to attend the mixture of any such fait .and ing grounds other ingredients, except he (hall previoufly receive due notice in writing from such bleacher by the fpace of forty-eight hours, days/normi-fpecifying the particular day and hour when such mixture is to lefs he receive be made, and the quantity of fait intended to be mixed and previous no-mingled; and if such bleacher (hall not aCIually begin to mix and t,ce> ^c* mingle all such fait and other materials and ingredients as afore- If the bleacher faid, as he or (he (hall 3t any time intend to-rriix and mingle for any particular operation of oxiginated muriatic acid, in the pre- within half an fence of the proper officer of excife, and within such half an hour hour after the after such officer (hall attend in purfuance of any such notice as officer at-aforefaid, such notice (hall be null and void, and no such officer fhalhbe obliged to attend again without .a frefh and like notice voi^ in writing as aforefaid.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That upon such officer’s Officer on attending and feeing any quantity of fait, not lefs than one being not icfs bufhel, mixed and mingled in the manner aforesaid, and upon ^a receiving or having received an authentick permit for such fait, ?lK\ receiving* and being fatisfied that the full duties for all the fait fo mixed and a permit lor mingled have been duly paid, he (hall give and grant to the the'fab, to ^ -bleachers, entitled to receive the fame, a certificate fpecifying the to^he" quantity of fait fo mixed, mingled, ufed, and’employed as afore- bleacher faid, and upon such bleachers producing to the proper collector which, on of excife such certificate, and making oath before such collector, produ'&ion to (which oath such collector is thereby authorifed and empowered to adminifter), that all the fait mentioned' in such certificate has oatj^as^to^17 been duly and bona fide ufed, employed, fpent, and confumed, in certain p*rtG making such oxiginated muriatic acid as aforesaid, for the folc culars, fh:dl purpose of bleaching linen or cotton, and, that he or (he verily believes all the duties due and payable for fait have been paid for duty all such fait fo ufed, employed, fpent, and confumed, as aforesaid, deducting 7 and that no drawback or allowance has been obtained or received 1~a per cent.

foror in refpedt of such fait, the faid collector or the commif-fioners of excife (hall thereupon pay or allow to such bleacher as aforesaid, out of any money in his or their hands arifing by the duty on fait, the amount of the duty paid for the fait fpecihed in such certificate, deducing at the rate of seven and an half per centumin confequence of the increafe in the weight of the fait, by the moifture of the air.

XCII. And be it further enaCted, That all and every perfon or Before any perfons who (hail intend to receive any fait into his, her, or their l)er^ll ^ia^ cuftody or pofleffion, free of duty, for the purpose of curing and [unyffi-ee for preferving filh, (hall, before he, the, or they (hail be permitted to curing tiffi, he receive any such fait free of duty, make entry in writing, at the Oiall make next office of excife, of his, her, or their name or names, and entl7 his place of abode, and of the number and lituation of his, her, or anTwwe- C* their warehoufe or warehouses, or ftorehoufe or ftorehoufes for houfe.

ft or ing

Warehoufe to be approved of by the furveyor or fupervifor of the diftrift.

The treafury may authoi ife the commif-fioners ot excite to permit fait to be delivered dutyfree for curing fifh to perfons not having warehoufes, who have been heretofore allowed to receive it.

Before receiving fait dutyfree for curing fifh, bond to be given that it {hall be fo ufed, and that in May yearly an account ot the quantity . received and ufed (hall be delivered to the officer of excife, &c.

Annoregni trlcdimo o&ayo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797*

ftoring and keeping fait; and no perfon or perfons (hall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her, or their cuftody or pofteflion any such fait free of duty, before he, (he, or they (hall have made such entry in writing as aforesaid, nor until he, (he, or they (hall have provided a good and fecure warehoufe or ftorehoufe, or good and fecure warehoufes or ftorehoufes, for ftoring or keeping such fait as aforefaid : provided always neverthelefs. That no such warehoufe or ftorehoufe (hall be deemed or taken to be a fecure warehoufe or ftorehoufe within the meaning of this a6t, unlefs the fame (ball be approved of in writing, by and under the hands of the refpedUve furveyor or fupervifor of cxcife of the divifion or diftri<ft in which such warehoufe or ftorehoufe (hall be fituate; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary in anywife not-withftanding.

XCIII. And whereas many inhabitants of certain parts of the coaji of this kingdom, which are thinly inhabited, are employed in the taking and falting of herrings, and being unable to provide themfelves with proper cellars or warehoufes for the keeping of fait, and at the fame time depending on the faid ffaery for their fubfijlence, have been heretofore allowed to receive into their cuftody fait delivered duty free, for the cure of fifth \ be it enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the lords commifiioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the major part of them for the time being, by fpecial warrant or warrants under their hands, upon such terms and conditions, and under, fubjedt, and according to such rules, regulations, and reftriblions as they fball judge expedient, to authorife the commifiioners of excife in' England and Scotland refpedlively, to permit fait to be delivered free of duty for the curing and preferving of fifh, to any perfon or perfons intending to take and to fait fifh, and refiding at any place or places, the inhabitants whereof, although not provided with such cellars or warehoufes as aforesaid, have ufually been, before the palling of this adl, allowed to receive fait for the pur-pofes aforefaid into their cuftody, although such perfon or perfons may not be provided with such cellars, warehoufes, or ftore-houfes, or have made such entry thereof as is required by this adf.

XCIV. And be it further enabled, That all and every fifh curer or fifh curers, and all and every other perfon or perlons whatfoeVer, before he, (he, or they (hall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion any fait free of duty, for the purpose of curing or preferving fifh, (hall give bond or fecurity, to be approved of by the commifiioners of excife, or the perfon or perfons who (hall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty of all the fait which he, (lie, or they (hall have received, or had in his, her, or their cuftody or pofteftion by the fpace of one year immediately preceding the time of giving such bond or fecurity, or in cafe such fifh curer (hall not have had any fait in his cuftody for the purpose of curing fifh in the year immediately preceding, then such fifh curer or fifh curers fhall give the like bond of fecurity in treble the value of the duty cf all the fait he, (he, or they (hall declare it to be his, her, or their intention to receive

within

1797*1 Anna regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 89.  917

within one. year immediately fucceeding the time of taking such bond or fecurity, or in the fum of fifty pounds, at the election of the faid commiffioners of excife, or of the perfon or perfons who fhall be appointed or employed by them as aforesaid, that all the fait he, fhe, or they fhall receive, and every part thereof, (ball be really and truly employed, fpeni, and confumed in curing and preferving fifh, or delivered over to fome other fifh curer or fifli curers for the purpose of curing and preferving fiih, and that no such fait fhall be employed, ufed, or difpofed of in any other manner or way, and alfo that he, (lie, or they will duly and regularly, once in every year, that is to fay, In the month of May in every year refpedfively, deliver to the proper officer of excife, whose duty it (hall be to receive the fame, a true and particular account, fpecifying the exadt and true quantity of fait which he,

(he, or they fhall have had or received into his, her, or their cuftody or poffeffion free of duty during such year, the true quantity of such fait adtually employed or confumed by him, her, or them, in curing and preferving fifh, and the true and juft quantity of every diftindl kind and fpecies of fifh refpedlivcly by him, her, or them cured and preferved with such fait, and like-wife the true quantity of fait delivered over to each and every other fifh curer or fifh curers, with, the name or names of the perfon or perfons to whom such fait was delivered, and the particular time or times when the fame was fo delivered to each and every of such fifh curer or fifh curers, and that he, (he, or they will produce to and weigh in the prefence ot the proper officer of excife, all the fait he, fhe, or they fhall have in his, her, or their cuftody at the time of making out and delivering to such officer such account as aforefaid.

XCV. And be it further enadfed, That all and every fifh Frfh curers ta curer and fifh curers, and all and every other perfon or perfons who fhall receive into his, her, or their cuffody or pofleffion any oat^? on pr_ fait free of duty, for the purpose of curing and preferving fifli, nalty of treble (hall verify such account to be by him, her, or them made outthe value of ; as aforesaid, on oath before the officer of excife whose duty it ^efved^vithia fhall be to receive the fame, which oath such officer is hereby I2 months, authorifed and empowered to adminifter accordingly; and if any such fifh curer or other perfon or perfons as aforefaid fhall refufe or negledt to verify the fame, he, fhe, or they fhall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the value of all the fait delivered into his* her, or their cuftody or poffeffion, within twelve months laft preceding the time when such account as aforefaid fhall or ought to have been made out and delivered as aforefaid.

XC VI. And be it further enadted, That the bond or fecurity Bonds to be diredted by this adi to be given, by all and every fifh curer, and ^e"5we(* all and every other perfon or perfons who (hall receive into bis, faeh accounts her, or their cuftody or poffeffion, any fait free of duty, for the Gn penalty of* purpose of curing and preferving fifh, fhall be renewed at each forfeiture of and every time that such fifh curer or fifh curers, or such other  fait in

perfon or perfons as fhall have or ought to have delivered to the  c 10n°

proper officer of excife such account as he, fhe, or they is or are

directed

Before fait from any fait work (ball be delivered to

officer of excite, to fee it weighed and ware hou fed, who dial! grant him a certificate,

)i8 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

directed by this a£t to make out arid deliver; and if any fifh curer or fifh curers, or other perfon or perfons, fhall negledf or refute to renew such bond or fecurity as aforesaid, at such times as aforesaid, he, file, or they (hall forfeit al! the fait in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, and the fame, together with the package containing the fame, (hall and may be feizcd by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

XCVII. And be it further ena^ed. That before any fait fenf or brought from any fait work or fait works fhall be delivered into the cuftody or poffcffion of any fifh curer or fifh curers, such. any fifh curcr, fifh curer or fifh curers fhall give two days notice to the proper he fhall give officer of excife to attend and fee the fame weighed and delivered, notice to t le ancj fhall wejgh and depofit the fame in his, her, or their entered warehoufe or ftorehoufe, or warehoufes or ftorehoufes, in the prefence of such officer of excife, who, when and fo foon as he fhall be fatisfied that all and every part of the fait originally brought, fent, or configned from the maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors thereof, to or for such fifh fpecitying the Curer or filh curers, fhall be, or is actually delivered into his, her, quantity, &c. or their entered warehoufe or ftorehoufe, warehoufes or ftore-.

houfes, fhall give an'd grant to such fifh curer or fifh curers reflectively as aforesaid, a certificate under his hand, fpecifying the quantity of such fait received into the cuftody or poffcffion "of such fifh curer or filh curers, the day on which the fame was fo received, the name or names, and place of abode of the perfon or perfons to whom delivered, and the name of the perfon from whom brought or fent, and aifo the number and date of the permit with which such fait was accompanied.

XCVIII. And be it further enaefted, That if any fifh curer or fifh curers, or other perfon or perfons into whose cuftody or poffeffion any fait lhall be delivered, free of duty, for the purpose of curing or preferving fifh, fhall fell, deliver, or give away, any such fait, except to fome other known and entered fifh curer or fifh curers, under, fubjedl, and according to the directions of this act, and that for the purpose of curing and preferving fifh, or fhall ufe, confume, or employ any such fait for any purpose, except for the curing and preferving fifh, or fhall fuffer or caufe any such fait to be fo fold, delivered, given away, ufed, confirmed, or employed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such fifh curer or fifh curers, and other perfon or perfons fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every pound weight of fait fo fold, delivered, given away, or ufed, conlumed, or employed as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<ft, or the fum of one hundred pounds, at the election of his Majesty's attorney general, or the perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the lame; and in default of paying such penalty, such fifh curer and fifh curers, and other perfon or periods fo offending as aforesaid, fhall be committed to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not

Penalty for felling ojr giving away, or ufing tor any other purpose, fait delivered duty-free for curing fifh.

exceeding fix months.

XCIX, And

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. S9

XCIX. And be it further enadfed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fifh 'curer or fifh curers, who, under and according to the. directions contained in this ad, fhall have received into his, her, or their cuftody or poffeffion any fait free of duty, for the purpose of curing anckpreferving fifh, to deliver any part thereof into the cuftody or pofTeffion of any9other known and entered fifh curer, provided notice thereof be given in writing to the proper officer of excife of the divifion or place from which the fait fhall be fenf, within forty-eight hours next after such fait (hall be fo delivered, fpecifying in such norice the day when such fait was delivered, and the names and places of abode of the fifh curers, from whom and to whom the fame fhall be delivered, and that such notice be figned by such fifh curers fo delivering and receiving such fait.

* C. And be it further enacted, That every such fifh curer or fifh curers, to or for whom any fait fhall be delivered by or from any other fifh curer, fhall be, and he, file, or they is and are hereby charged with all fait which fhall be fo delivered as afore-faid; and if any difpute fhall arife whether any such fait fhall have been delivered into the cuftody or poflefiion of the fifh curer to whom the fame may or fhall be alledged to be fo delivered, the proof of the due delivery of such fair, fhall lie on the fifh curer or fifh curers fending or delivering the fame.

CL And be it further enabled, That all and every perfon or perfons by whom any permit or permits which fhall be granted in purfuance of this adt fhall have been received, and in whose pofTeffion any such permit or permits fhall at any time be, fhall, upon demand thereof made by any officer or officers of excife, after the time limited in, or by such permit or permits for the removal of any fait or rock fait fpecified therein fhall be expired, deliver such permit or permits to the officer or officers of excife who fhall demand such delivery thereof; and if any such perfon or perfons fhall neglect or refufe to deliver any such permit or permits to any officer or officers of excife who fhall demand such delivery thereof, the perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

CII. And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the commifftoners of excife in England and Scotland refpedtively, to forbear, if they fhall fee caufe fo to do, to put in fuit any bond by this act directed to be given or entered into, upon such terms and conditions as to the laid com-miffioners fhall feem meet.

919

Salt received duty-free for' curing fifh, may be delivered to other fifh curers on notice to the officers of excife.

Fifh curers receiving fait from other fifh curers, to be charged with nil fo delivered, <xc.

Permits after their expiration, to be' delivered to the officer of excife on demand, on penalty of 50I.

Commiffion-H ers of excife may forbear to put bonds in fuit.

GUI. And be it further enadted, rFhat all and every fifh curer F^c^cr f0 and fifh curers, fhall produce to the proper officer of excife, well officer°-i3i and perfectly cured, all such fifh which he, file, or they fhall have cured fifh for cured, and for which he, file, or they fhall intend to take credit which he in his,  her,  or their account, directed by  this adt to be made intends  to  ^

*  —  J  t *1 xv. ^  (I it  1

out and delivered to the proper officer of excife yearly; and such h‘is acCQlint officer fhall, upon such fifh being fo produced to him as aforesaid, who fhall take take an exact and particular account, by tale, gauge, weight, an account

oi thereof, and

Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

or otherwife, of the quantities and fpecies of all the fifh which {hall be To produced to him, and (hall enter such account in a proper book to be kept by him for that purpose, and such fifh curer or fifh outers, if the fifh produced be dried dr unpacked cod, brand ling, or hake, (hall immediately, and in the prefence and to the the fame. fatisfaclion of such officer, punch one' hole in and through the tail of each fiih, but if the hfh produced be herrings or pilchards, or wet fifh, or other fifh packed in barrels or cafks, then such officer fhall burn or brand each of such barrels or cafks in fome confpi-cuous part thereof with the letters B. F. ; and all and every such fifli curer or fifh curers, before any such barrels or cafks contain,-ing any fifh fo cured as aforesaid, fhall be produced to such officer as aforesaid, fhall burn or brand with iron on every such barrel or cafk of fifh, in large, legible, confpicuous, and permanent characters, his, her, or their name or names, and the date of the year when the fame fhall be produced to such Fifh produced officer ; and if any such fifli curer or fifli curers fhall produce any such fifh in barrels or cafks not fo marked with his, her, or their name or names as aforesaid, or fhall refufe or negledt to punch one hole in the tale of every fuch. fifh as aforesaid, he, fhe, or they fhall forfeit all the fifh fo produced, which fhall or may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

CIV. And be it further ena&ed, That no fifh curer or fifh curers, to whom any fait fiiall be delivered for the purpose of curing and prefer ving fifh fhall have credit for, or be allowed more or a greater quantity of fait for curing and preserving fifh, than at and after the following rates and proportions j (that is to fay),

920

which fifh fhall be mark, trd in his prefence, or, if in barrels, he fhall

Names, &c. of fifh cu rer to he branded on barrels.

in barrel*; net fo branded, or fclh not marked, to be lor* kited.

Salt for curing lifh to be allowed at the rates folio w-ing:

For dried cod, See. jolb. per cvvt. :

for wet cod, Sec. 561b.;

for falmon,

3*lb.;

for white herrings 740I0, ;

for full red herrings,

651b. ; and

for fhotten ones, 6lb. per barrel:

for red fpra% ajlb. per laft:

For every hundred weight of dried cod, ling, or hake, fifty pounds weight of fait, and fo in proportion for any greater or iefs quantity :

For every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of wet cod, ling, or hake, fifty-fix pounds weight of fait, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

For every barrel, containing forty-two gallons of falmon, thirty-fix pounds weight offidr, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

For every barrel containing thirty-two gallons of white herrings, one hundred and forty pounds weight of fait, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

For every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of full red herrings fixtv-five pounds weight of fait, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity:

For every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of clean fhotten red herrings, fifty-fix pounds Weight of fait, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

For every laft, confiding of ten thousand dried red fprats, twenty-five pounds weight of fall, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

For

 Googl

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. S9.  921

For every cafk or veflel, containing fifty gallons of pilchards or for pilchards fcads, two hundred and eighty pounds weight of fait, and fo in ^goTb^and proportion for any greater or lefs quantity :

For every cafk or vefiei containing thirty-two gallons °f mac^are^ mackarel, eighty-four pounds weight of fait, and fo in proportion per for any greater or lefs quantity.

CV. And be it further enafted, That if on weighing, taking on taking account of, and balancing the flock of fait in the cu{body or itod^offtk0 pofTeffion of any entered fifh curer or fifh curers, in the month a deficiency of May as diredfed by this adf, there fhall appear to be any fait lhall be found* deficient in the quantity which such fifh curer or fifh curers {hall the fifh curer-have received or had in his, her, or their cuflodv or polTefiion, f ^/tmniell2S* free of duty, in the year lafl preceding, making an allowance for J,ne pixt|1 part the whole quantity of fait which such fifh curer or fifh curers fhall to the officer have legally and truly delivered into the cuftody or pofieflion of any and five iixths other fifh curers, in thecourfeof such lafl preceding year, and a]f0 t0 his Majesty. making an allowance, at, and after the rates and proportions, herein-before fpecified, for the fait employed and confumed by such fifh curer or fifh curers in such lafl preceding year, in curing and preferving the fifh cured, preferved, and produced within such year to the proper officer, then and in such cafe all the fait fo deficient fhall be deemed and taken to be fait illegally difpofed of, or mifapplied by such fifh curer or fifh curers, and such fifh curer and fifh curers fhall, for every bufhel of fait fo found deficient as aforesaid, forfeit and lofe the fum of twelve {hillings, which fhall be paid and applied by the commiffioners of excife in manner herein-after mentioned 5 (that is to fay),

Five fixth parts thereof to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, and the remaining fixth part thereof to the ufe of the officer or officers of excife who fhall difcover such deficiency.

CVI. And whereas it fometimes happens that part of the fait employed in curing fijhy after having been repeatedly applied to the fifh) becomes fo foul as to be entirely unfit for that purpose, which fait bath heretofore in certain places and under certain rcfh'itlions, been ufed in the manuring of land; be it therefore enacted, That it fhall Treafiiry maybe lawful for the lords commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or authorife the the major part of them, for the time being, by fpecial warrant commillioners or warrants under their hands, upon such terms and conditions, and under, fubjeck, and according to, such rules, regulations, and  be**

reftri&ions, as they fhall judge expedient, to authorife the com-fold for miffioners of excife to permit any entered filh curers refiding at manuring land places where, immediately before the pafling of this a£f, foul 111 P^ac^s, fifhery fait was allowed to be fold for manuring land, to fell such beenTo ** of their fifhery fait for the foie purpose of manuring land, as allowed, from having been repeatedly applied to and ufed in the falting or curing of fifh, fhall have become fo foul and impure, as to be utterly unfit to be again ufed in or applied to the purpose of faking or curing fifh: provided always. That if any perfon, whether Penalty for a fifh curer or nor, {hail be convi&ed before any one of his

Majefiy’s any other



922 purpose than manuring land, jpir fait not fqul for that ptuipofe.

Bonds tiken for fait for curing li.'h, and certificates. not fubjoft to (lamp duty.

Anno regnl tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797*

Majefty’s juftices of the peace refiding near to the place where the offence (hall or may be committed, of wilfully and knowingly felling, dilpofing of, or ufing any such foul fifhery fait, or of fuffering any such foul fifhery fait to be fold, difpofed of, or ufed, for any other purpose than that of manuring land, or of felling or difpofing of or ufing any fait for the purpose of manuring land, except such fait, as by such repeated ufe and application as aforesaid, (hall have become fo foul, dirty, and impure, as to be totally unfit to be ufed or employed in falting or curing fifh, every such perfon (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and iofe the ium of one hundred pounds, and (hall for'ever afterwards be excluded from the privilege or benefit of felling or ufing any foul fifhery fait for manuring land ; any thing in this a61 to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

CVIT. And be it further enadled, That no bond of fecurity given or taken for fait, to be ufed or employed in curing and preferving fifh, nor any certificate made out in relation to any such fait fo to be ufed-or employed in curing and preferving filh, (hall be fubjedl or liable to any fiamp duties ; any thing in this or any other act or a6ts of parliament to the contrary in any wife

Perfons legally entitled to ling, &c. Britilh Uken or beef or pork felted in Great Britain may export the fame;

previous notice of intention fo to export to be given the officer of the port, who ih-dl t^ke an account thereof, and fee the fame flipped, &c.

notwithftanding.

C VIII. And be it further enatfted, That it fhall and maybe lawful to and for any filh curer or fifh curers, or any other perfon or perfons who fhall be legally entitled to any dried or wet ling, cod, or hake, or falmon, or white herrings, or full red herrings, or clean fbotten red herrings, or dried red fprats, or pilchards, or fcads re-fpecftively, which fhall be Britifb taken, to export, from any lawful quays and in lawful hours, any such fifti as aforefaid to any parts beyond the feas, by way of merchandize, upon the terms and according to the diredlions heren-after mentioned; and alfo to and for any perfon or perfons who (hall be legally entitled to any beef or pork failed in England with fait, for or in refpectof which the duties by this a61 impofed (hall have been paid, or who fhall be legally entitled to any beef or pork falted in Scotland wholly witfy foreign fait, for or in refpe61 of which the duty by this a6t impofed (hall have been paid, to export such beef or pork from any lawful quays in England or Scotland refpe61ively, to any parts beyond the feas, upon the terms and according to the dire61ions herein-after mentioned.

CIX. And be it further ena61ed, That the perfon or perfons fo intending to export any such fifh, beef, or pork as aforesaid, fhall give fix hours notice in writing of the time and place of (hipping such fifti, beef, or pork refped.ively, to the proper officer of excise of the port or place where such fifti, beef or pork, reflectively (hall be intended to be (hipped, who fhall thereupon attend, and by tale, weight, or gauge, take an account of the quantity, and kind or fpecies, of the fifti, and alfo of the beef or pork fo intended to be ftfppcd, and fhall lee the fame (hipped or put on fhip board accordingly; and the exporter or exporters of such fifti, beef, or pork, fna!l weigh or otherwise affift such officer in such manner us to lucii officer fhall feem moft expedient, in,taking

account

1797-] AniioregnitricefimooStavoGEdRGii III.c. 89.  5123

account of and afcertaining the quantity, quality, and fpecies of such fifh, beef, or pork refpeflively, and (hall (hip the fame in the prefence of such officer; and the exporter or exporters of Exporters such fifh, beef, or pork (hall, before the (hipping thereof, give %fore fhjp-fufficient bond and fecurity, to be approved of by the com-miffioners of eXcife, or the perfon or perfons to be by them articles (hall appointed dr employed for that purpose, in treble the, value of be duly such fifh, beef, or pork; that all and every part of such fi(h,- beef, exported, and or pork refpedfively, fo intended to be exported, (ball (the danger of the feas and enemies only excepted) be duly exported particulars, to parts beyond the feas, and (hall not be unftiipped or laid on land, or put on board any other (hip or veffel in Great Britain (fhipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted ;) and the exporter (hall declare, upon oath, before the proper officer of excife of the faid port or place, (which oath such officer is hereby authorised and empowered to adminifter), the quantity, and kind or fpecies of fifh intended to be exported; and that the fame, and every part thereof, is well and perfectly cured, and alfo well and fairly packed, and in good and merchantable condition, and that no part thereof is for the (hip’s ufe, and that he believes the faid fifh was Briti/h taken ; or if it be beeif or pork intended to be exported from England, then such exporter (hall declare, upon oath as aforesaid, that he believes the fame was falted with fait for or in refpedl of which the duty by this a6t impofed has been paid, and that no drawback or allowance has^ been claimed for of in refpeft of such fait, and that no part of such beef or porkjs for the (hip’s ufe; or if it  o°ter^

be beef or pork intended to be exported from Scotland, then such a debenture1 exporter (hall declare upon oath as aforesaid, that he believes exprefllng the the fame was falted with foreign fait, (without any mixture of quantity, &c6 Brltifl) or Irijb fait), for or in refpedi of which all the duties by  td

this or any other a<£t impofed has been paid, and that no draw- tjle colled or back or allowance has been claimed for or in refpedt of such ofthe port, fait, and that no part of such beef or pork is for the (hip’s ufe; (hall entitle and the faid officer of excife being fatisfied of the truth of such the exported

o  1 q ooLirit V *

oath or oaths, and that all the fi(h, beef, or pork refpe&ively has been duly and fairly (hipped and exported, fhall, within one month after the exportation thereof, give to the exporter, or his or her chief clerk or manager, a debenture, exprefllng-the quantities and fpecies or kind of such fi(h, beef, or pork refpeeftively as aforesaid, and that the fame \^as well packed and (hipped in a good and merchantable (fate and condition, and alfo that bond or fecurity had been given, before the (hipping thereof, for the due exportation of such fifh, beef, or pork refpeClivdy, and such debenture being produced to the colle&or of excife of the port or place from whence such fifh, beef, or pork was exported, he (hall forthwith pay or allow to the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame, or his, her, or their agents, the bounty by this a£t granted upon the exportation of such fifh, beef, or pork re-(pedtively, and if such colle&or fhall not hatfe fufficient money in his hands to pay the fame, the refpe£tive commiffioners of Vql. XLL  P  p p  excife

924 Anno regni tricelirtto oftavo Georgix III. c. 89. [1797,,

excife in England or Scotland, are hereby required and enjoined to pay the faid bounty out of the duty on fair.

^debenUvre6 ^X.  lt ^urt^er enafted, That no certificate or

for cancelling debenture for cancelling or difcharging any bond or fecurity bonds for  given for the due exportation of any fi(h, beef, or pork, or for

exportation  obtaining the bounty by this aft given or granted, fhall be made

obtamin^0' °F out uPon t^le exportation of any fifh, beef, or pork, until the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of such fifh, beef, or pork, or one of them refpeftively, ihall have verified upon oath before tlfe proper officer of excife (which oath such officer is hereby authorifed and empowered to adminifter) that all the fifh, beef, or pork, for which fach certificate or debenture fhall be required, has been duly and fairly exported to parts beyond the Teas, and not relanded in any part of Great Britain.

On prefenting CXI. And be it further enabled, That the exporter, owner, or dried cod. Sec. proprietor of any dried cod, ling, or hake, which fhall be prefented to the officer tQ any 0fficer or officers of excife for exportation, with intent to obtain, or for the purpose of obtaining, the bounty by this aft granted on the exportation of such dried cod, ling, or hake, fhall,-in the prefence, and to the fatisfaftion of such officer, punch a fecond hole in and through the tail of every such cod, ling, or hake, and that no bounty whatever fhall be paid or allowed for or in refpeft of any such dried cod, ling, or hake, which fhall not at any time when fo prefented .to such officer as afore-faid, have one hole, and not more than one hole, punched in and through the tail of each and every fuch.cod, ling, or hake, or of which any part of the tail fhall have been cut off, fave and except by punching out one hole as aforefaid.

CXII. And be it further enabled. That when any beef, pork, or fifh, packed in cafks or barrels, fhall be prefented to any officer or officers of excife for exportation, with intent to obtain, or for the purpose of obtaining the bounty by this aft granted on the exportation of such beef, pork, or fifh, it fhall and may be lawful for such officer or officers of excife, and he or they is and are hereby required and enjoined, before the (hipping of any fu-ch beef, pork, or fifh, fo packed as aforesaid, to brand, burn, or mark, every cafk or barrel thereof in such manner, and with such mark or device as the commifiioners of excife, or the major part of them for the time bsing, fhall direft and appoint.

CXIII. And be it further enafted, That no certificate or debenture for obtaining any bounty for any fifh, beef, or pork exported, (hall be made out or granted upon the exportation of any such fifh, beef, or pork, to Ireland, or to the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, until a certificate fhallbe produced under the hands and fea-ls of the colleftor, comptroller^ furveyor of his Majesty's cuftoms, or any two of them, belonging to the port in Ireland or the IJJe of Man, or from the regifter of certificates or other chief officer of the cuftoms in the faid iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark? or Alderney, at which

fuch

obtaining bounty, (hall be made out till after oath of their having been exported.

for obtaining bounty, a J’econd hole to be punched through the tail, and no bounty to be paid for any that has not one hole when prefented.

Officer to brand cafks containing beef, Sec. for which bounty is claimed, before fhipt for exportation.

No certificate or debenture for obtaining bounty upon fiih, Sec. exported to Ireland, Sec. to be made out until a certificate be produced of their having been landed tile re.

1797*] AnnO regrti tricefimo o&avo Georsii III. c. 89.  925

fuch fifh, beef, or pork refpedtively, (hall have been landed, certifying, that such filh, beef, or pork, has been duly landed there.

CXIV. And be it further enaCted, That if any fifh, beef, or pork, which (hall be entered or (hipped for exportation, for the exportation, purpose, or with the intent to obtain any bounty by this a<ft be unfhipt m granted, (hall be unfhipped, unloaded, or laid on land, or put Great Britain, into any other (hip or veffel in Great Britain, (fhipwreck or other  ^

unavoidable accident excepted), then and in every such cafe, over wlth the’ and above the penalty of the bond which (hall be levied and veffel. recovered to his Majesty’s ufe, all the fi(h, beef, and pork, which fhall be fo unfhipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other (hip or veffel in Great Britain, or the value thereof, fhall be forfeited, together with the packages containing the fame, and alfo the (hip or veffel from or out of which, and the (hip or veffel into which such filh, beef, or pork as aforesaid, fhall be taken or put, and the fame refpeCtively (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife.

CXV. And ivhereas it may fometimes happen that fait and rock fait may be lof or defroyed through Jlrefs of weather andforms at fea> or by the cafing away, finking, or franding of the flat, boat, barge, or veffel, in zvhich the fame may be tranfporting from one place to another; be it therefore enaCted, That i-n Cafe any fait, or Juftices at the rock fait, for which the duties by this a£t impofed fhall have been  the'1*

paid, or which (hall have been delivered upon bond free of those commiflioners duties, (hall be loft or deftroyed through ftrefs of weather or ftorms of excife, may at fea, or by the accidental or unavoidable caftingawav, finking, receive _ or ftranding of any flat, boat, barge, or veffel, in or on board of which any such fait, or rock fait, (hall be removing or tranfporting faitfor rock from one place to another, it (hall and may be lawful for the fait loft owner, proprietor, or (hipper of such fait, or rock fait, to make through ftrefs application in writing for relief to his Adajefty’s juftices of the ^^nd^rant peace of the county, riding, divifion, or (hire, neareft to which relief. ^ any such accident (hall happen, at the quarter feffions of the peace, or to the commiflioners of excife at the chief office of excife in London, or any three of the faid commiflioners^ and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful to and for such juftices of the peace at the quarter feffions, or commiflioners of excife, or any three of such commiflioners refpeclively to receive and admit such application, and to examine all parties touching the matter contained therein, and upon due proof of the faft by two or more credible witneffes, one of whom fhall be the mailer or mate of such flat, boat, barge, or veffel, if such mailer or mate be living at the time, such juftice or commiflioners refpe&ively~ are hereby authorifed and required to grant their warrant, directed to the proper collector of excife, authoriflng and requiring him, in cafe the fair, or rock fait, loft or deftroyed (hall be proved to be fait, or rock fait, for which the' duties by this a6t impofed fhall have been paid, to allow to the maker or proprietor of such fait* or rock fait, out of the duties on fait- which (hall

p p p %  next

Bonds to remain in force as to fait and rock

to have been actually loft

926 Anno regni tricefimo oCtavo Georgii III. c, 89. [1797.

next become due arid payable from such maker or proprietor, the full amount of the duties proved to have been paid for such fait, or rock fait, which (hall be fo proved to have been fo loft or deftroyed as aforefaid ; and if the fait, or rock fait, which (hall be proved to have been fo loft or deftroyed as aforefaid fhall be fait or rock fait, which (hall have been delivered Upon bond free of duty, or rock fait which (hall have been delivered upon bond for exportation upon the low duty to which filch rock fait for exportation is liable, then and in every such Cafe the (aid juftices of the peace or commiftioners refpe&ively (hall, as to such fait, or rock fait, fo loft or deftroyed, grant their warrant, authoring and requiring such coiletftar of excife as aforefaid to cancel or vacate the bond which fhall have been given at and for the delivery or (hipping of the fait, or rock fait, which fhall be proved to have been fo loft or deftroyed; provided always, That such bond fhall be and remain in full force and effect as to all the fait and rock fait to which the fame fhall relate, which fhall not be fo proved to have been actually l ilt not proved loft or deftroyed, and which fhall not be particularly fpecified, u"" ' arid mentioned in the warrant of the juftices of the peace or commiftioners of excife as aforefaid: provided alfo, That no such application for relief as aforefaid fhall be fuftained or proceeded upon, or any warrant granted, unlefs the proprietor or fhipper of any fait, cr rock fait, which may be fo loft or deftroyed as aforefaid* or fome perfon on his, her* or their behalf, fhall give notice in writing to the commiftioners of excife at the chief officer in London, or to the collector of excife of the collection neareft to where the accident may happen, within one month after such accident fhall have happened, nor uniefs it fhall be fpecified in such notice when and where the lofs fhall have happened, and by what accident it (hall have been oc-cafioned, nor unlefs the names and places of abode of the maker or refiner, and of the proprietor or fhipper of the fait* or rock fait, the time when, and place where the fame was (hipped, and the place to which the fame was configned or intended to be removed, and alfo the quantity of fait, or rock fait, actually (hipped, fhall be fpecified, in such notice, and alfo whether it was fait for which the duty had been paid or which had been delivered on bond, and the names of the flat, boat, barge, or veflel in which the fame was (hipped, and of the mafter or commander thereof: provided alfo, That no such applications be fuftained or proceeded upon, nor fhall any such warrant be granted, unlefs it fhall appear upon the face of the application, and be proved upon oath, that the ftorm or accident, by which the lofs of the fait, or rock fait was occafioned, happened within fix months immediately preceding, nor unlefs notice in writing of the time and place of hearing and determining the matter fhall be given to the commiftioners of excife, if the matter of such application be to be heard in London, or to the collector of excife of the collection neareft to where the quarter feffions (hall be held, if the matter of such application be to be heard

in

No application for relief to be fuftained unlefs notice be gi ven to the excife within a month after the accident, fpedfying when it happeiiedj

1797,1 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgri III. c. 89.  927

in the country, at lead fix days before the day appointed for such hearing.

CXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be Glafs makers lawful for any maker or makers of glafs, it) Great Britain, to j^e take rock fait from any warehoufe belonging and adjoining tofromware. any fait mine or pit, or to take any brine or fea water for the houfes, or purpose of making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, upon bond or brine or Tea fecurity being given in double the duty of such rock fait, brine, or wa*e.r’tor. fea water, that all such rock fait, brine, and fea water, fhall be ™aJkfi™ore~ really and truly employed, fpent, and confumed, in the making of flux for glafs, mineral alkali, or flux for glafs; such bond or fecurity to be upon bond difcharged upon the proprietor or manufacturer, or his agent,  be

making oath before the collector of excife of the collection in ° u e *• which the alkali works fhall be fituated, (which oath such collector is hereby authorifed and empowered to a.dminifter), that difcharged. all the faid rock fait, brine, or fea water, for which such bond or fecurity was given, was made ufe of in making such mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, and for no other purpose whatfoever, and the fupervifor or officer of excife, under whose furvey such maker or makers of mineral alkali fhall then be, at the fame time certifying his belief of the truth of the matters fworn to by such jl^ker^o maker or makers of glafs, or his or their agent: provided. That receive roc]c no maker or makers of glafs whatfoever fhall obtain, receive, or fait, Sec. till have any such rock fait, brine, or fea water, for the purpose of such entry as making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, therefrom, unlefs such maker or makers of glafs (hall have firft made such entry, as have herein-after mentioned.  been made.

CXVIL And be it further enaCted, That all and every perfon Before mak> and perfons, before he, (he, or they (hall prefume to begin to hjg mineral make or manufacture any mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, fhall for^glafs au* from time to time make true and particular entry in writing of entry to be every workhoufe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, and other place, made of and alfo of every utenfil and veffel by him, her, or them workhoufes, refpeCh’vely intended to be made ufe of, in or for the making or ^office keeping mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, or any materials proper 0f the diftrift, to be made into mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, at the office on penalty of of excife, within the compafs or limits whereof such workhoufe, iool. with the warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, and other place refpeCtively fhall be  6  dl1

fitqate ; and if any such perfon or perfons fhall begin to make any mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, without firft making such entry, he, (he, or they (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all the mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, and all the materials proper to be made into mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, together with all the utenfils and veflels ufed in making the fame, which (hall at any time be found in any workhoufe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or other place ufed in or for the making or keeping of mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, whereof no such entry (hall be made.

CXVIII. And whereas, by an aft made in the twenty-fecondyear of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, certain licences are authorifed tq p P P 3  bs

928  Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797,

Duty impofed be granted for making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, and for or in refpeft of each fuck licence a duty of five pounds is by the faid aft impofed: and vahereas it is expedient to repeal the faid duty ; be it therefore further enaCted, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundredand ninety-eight, the faid duty of five pounds, by the faid aCt impofed for or in refpeCt of each such licence, fhall ceafe and determine, and no such licence illal 1 ’ hereafter be granted.

on licences for making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, by 22 Geo. 3. c. 39. to ceafe from Ocft. 10 1798.

>Jo rock fait CXIXf And be it further enaCted, That no such rock fait to be delivered (hall be delivered out of or from any warehoufe belonging to any mine or pir, from which the fame fhall be raifed or taken, for the purpose or under any pretext of making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, or fhall be afterwards delivered at such work or works, for the purpose of making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, or ftored or depofited in any warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or place, belonging thereto, or ufed

for making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, or. ftored, but in prefence, of an officer,

who fhall  .  >  _  _  _

make an .entry therewith, but in the prefence of the proper officer of excife, of the quan- who fha'll make and keep an entry in writing, containing the tity, &c. true ancj reaj wejght or quantity of the fait fo delivered at such fait mine or pit, and brought in or delivered to or at such alkali works as aforesaid, together with the day on which the fame fhall be brought into or delivered at such alkali work or works refpeCtively as aforefaid ; and which entry fo to be made at such fait mine or pit as aforesaid, fhall alfo contain the name of the maker or makers of glafs refpeCtively to whom the rock fait therein mentioned was delivered, and for the ufe of what work or works for the making of mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, and to whom belonging.

CXX. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the rock fait fo brought in to be ufed, ftored, or depofited, at any such work or works for the making of such mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, fhall be of lefs weight or quantity than that fpecifled in the permit which fhall accompany the fame, the maker or makers of mineral alkali, to whose ufe or on whose account the faid fait was fo delivered at such fait mine or pit as aforesaid, fhall be anfwerable for the fame.

CXXI. And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any maker of glafs, to whom or on whose ufe or account anv such rock fait fhall be delivered at any such fait mine or pit, and fecured as aforesaid, or in cafe any other perfon or perfons fhall ufe the fame, or any part thereof, or any acid materials to be produced therefrom, after being ufed in the making of such mineral alkali, or flux for glafs as aforesaid, for any other purpose than that of making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, the perfon or perfons fo offending in the premifes fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

CXXII. And be it further enaCled, That it fliall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of excife to enter into all and every the workhoufes, warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, and other places made ufe of by any manufacturer or manufacturers of

made from rock lair, brine, or

fe$

If rock fait brought to any work for making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, be lefs than fpecifled in the permit, the maker fhall he an-iwerable.

Penalty of look for uflng rock fait • delivered to glafs makers tor any other purpose than making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs.

Officers may enter work -' houfes, lVC. of manufacturers of mineral aikali, or flux for glafs.

mineral alkali, or flux for glals.

*797*1 Annoregni tricefimo oCtavo Georgii III. c. 89

Tea water as aforesaid, either for the purpose of making, ftoring, or keeping the fame, or of ftoring or keeping any rock fair, brine, or Tea water, for the purpose or under colour of making the fame ; and that if any such manufacturer or manufacturers (hall, upon due requeft or demand made by any officer of excife, in the day-time, or in the night in the prefence of a conflable or other lawful officer of the peace, refufe to permit such officer to enter and come into any such workhoufes, warehoufes, ftore-houfes, rooms, and other places, he, (he, or they fhall forfeit, for every such offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing in this adt fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to lay or impofe any duty on such glauber falts as fhall be made or produced by any glafs-maker in any of the proceftes of making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, as aforesaid, and which glauber falts fhall be truly and bona fide expended and confumed in making such mineral alkali, or flux for glafs.

CXXIV. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all and every the owners, proprietors, or occupiers of certain fprings of brine or fait water in the parifh or townfhip of Long Benton in the county of Northumberland, to make and manufacture mineral alkali from the water or brine of the laid fprings, at their works or manufactories already erected or begun to be erected within the faid parifh or townfhip, and alfo withifi the parifh of Newburn in the county aforesaid, upon the terms and conditions, and under, fubject, and according to the rules, regulations, reftriCtions, and provifions, in that behalf herein-after contained, provide*], preferred, fettled, and eftablifbed; that is to fay, That all and every the faid owners, proprietors, or occupiers fhall from time to time make true and particular entry in writing of every workhoufe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, and other place and utenftl and veffel by him, her, or them refpeeffively intended to be made life of in or for the making or keeping such mineral alkali, or any materials proper to be made into mineral alkali, at the office of excife within the compafs or limits whereof such workhoufe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or other plage refpeeffively fhall be htuate; and if any such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or occupier or occupiers, who fhall make or manufacture any mineral alkali from such water or brine as aforesaid, fhall neglect to make any such entry, he, fhe, or they fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all the mineral alkali which fhall at any time be found in any workhoufe, warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, or other place, by him, her, or them ufed in or for the making or keeping of mineral alkali whereof no luch entry fhall be made; provided alfo. That such owners, proprietors, or occupiers, do and fhall from time to time pay and clear oft' all such duty as fhall become due and payable for or in refpect of the mineral alkali which he, fhe, or they fhall from time to time make or manufacture,

p jpp 4  at

Penalty of 50I. for r^-fufing them entrance.

Duty not to extend to glauber falts produced in making mineral alkali, or flux for glafs, and expended in making the fame.

Owners or occupiers of brine fprings in Long Benton, may make mineral alkali therefrom, on making entry of their works-honfes, See. at the excife office of the djltrict.

Penalty for not making such entry.

Dp

mineral alkali made^ to be paid according this act.

Offi^ei of excife may enter such work, h on fes, and take an account of the mineral alkali making or made

Penalty of 500I. on such owners or occupiers making common fait, or glauber falts, or having in their cuftody more than a certain quantity of each.

Abt not to extend to kelp, Sec. made from plants.

jMo perfon concerned in any fa’t mine; fait refinery, or fait works, to ai5t as a juftice in any matter relating to fait.

The value of fait or rock fall to be taken at the be ft price at Pond on.

Per Tons taking fa lie oath-, to

Amro regal trieefitno pdtavo Geobgxi III. c.89. [1797*

at such times and under such penalties as in this adt in that behalf preferibed.

CXXV\ And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excife from time tq time, and at all times by day cr night, upon his or their requeft, to enter into and upon all and every the workhoufes, warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, and other places refpedtively made ufe of by any such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or occupier or occupiers, for the making or manufacturing mineral alkali from such water or brine as aforesaid, and by weighing, gauging, or otherwjfe, to take an account of all the mineral alkali which fhall at any time be making op mapufadtur? ing, or made or manufadkired therein.

CXXVI. And be it further epadted, That if any such owner, proprietor, or occupier fhall at any time make or manufacture any common fait, or any falts called or known by the name of Glauber or Epfom Salts, or fhall at any time knowingly have ip his, her, or their cuftody, or in any houfe or place to him, her, or them belonging, any common fait exceeding the quantity of twobufhels, or any Glauber or Epfom falts exceeding the quantity of one pound, the fame fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and such owner, proprietor, or occupier, fhall alfo forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

CXXVII. And be it farther enadted, That nothing in this adt fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the manufadlure of kelp, barilla, or flux for glafs, made in any part of Great Britain, by the incineration of marine or any other plants.

CXXVIII. And be it further epadted, That no perfon what-foever being a maker or refiner of fait, or rock fait, or proprietor ’ of, or in any wife interefted or concerned in any fait mine, fait pit, fait refinery, or fait work, fhall, during ffich time as he fhall be a maker or refiner of fait, or rock fait, or be fo interefted or concerned 117 making fait, or a proprietor of, or in anywife interefted or concerned in any fait mine, fait pit, fait refinery, cr fait work, act as a juftice of the peace in any matter or thing whatfoever, which fhall anywife concern the excution of the powers or authorities'given or granted by this or any other adt or adts of parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, relating to fait; and if any perfon or perfons fhall, contrary tq the true intent apd meaning of this adt, prefume to exercife any such powers or authorities, or to do any adt authorifed by any such adt or adts of parliament, to be done by any juftice orjuftices of the peace, all fach adts fo executed or done by such perfon fhall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in alj cafes where by this adt it fhall or may be neceflary to afeertain or fettle the value of any fait, or rock fait, such value fhall be deemed and taken to be according to the beft and higheft price at which fait, or rock fait, (as the cafe may require), fhall fell for in London.

> CXXX. And be it further enabled, That any perfon or

perfons

1797-3 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii 111. c. 89.  931

p.erfons who (hall be cqnyidted of wilfully taking a falfe oath in be liable to 3ny of the cafes in which an oath is required to be taken by this corrupt3 adt, (hall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfonsare perjury# liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

CXXXI. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or Perfons forg-perfons whatfoever (hall counterfeit or forge, or caufe to be counterfeited or forged any certificate or debenture, in any cafe tQ be t^an^r in which a certificate or debenture is by this act required to be ported for ufed, given, or granted, with intent to defraud his Majefly of (even years, his juft duties, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly an^ J’f they copviiffed, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall for such f^ras ° his, her, or their offence be tranfported as a felon or felons for the felons with*-fpace of seven years, in such manner as felons are appointed to out benefit be tranfported by an add made in the twenty-fourth year of his of clergy, prefent Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft to authorife the removal of prifoners in certain cafes, and to amend tfye laws refpefting the tranfportapon of offenders*, and if any such offender or offenders (half return into Great Britain before the expiration of the faid feyen years, he, fhe, or they fo returning fhall fuffer as a felon or felons, and have execution awarded againft him, her, or them, as perfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CXXXIT. And be it further enadfed, That if any p.erfon or perfons fhall knowingly or willingly give any falfe or untrue g^n’g fa[fe permit, in any cafe in which a permit is by this ^dt required permits, &c. to be ufed, or given or granted, or fhall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any such falfe or untrue permit \yith any fait, or rock fait, removed or to be removed as aforesaid, or if any perfon or perfons fhall fraudulently alter or erafe apy such permit after the fame fhall have been given or granted by the proper officer of excife, or if any perfon or perfons (hall knowingly or willingly publifb or make ufe of any such permit fo counterfeited, forged, falfe, untrue, altered, or erafed a$ aforesaid, every perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, for each and every such offence, fcyerally forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

CXXXIII. And he it further enadled, That if any perfon or Penalty for perfons whatfoever (hall refift, oppofe, moleft, obftruct, or hinder officerfof^he any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife in the due execution cuftomsor of this or any other adt or adts of parliament in force at the excife, or for commencement of this adi, or thereafter to be made, relating to rescuing lalt, or rock fait, or of any of the powers or authorities by any elzures* such adt or adts of parliament given or granted to any such officer or officers, or fhall by force or violence, after any such officer or officers (hall have feezed any fait, or rock fait, forfeited by any such adjt 01* adis of parliament, or any (hip, veffel, boat, horfe, cattle, cart, or other carriage, forfeited by any such adt or adts of parliament, for being made ufe of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of any such fait, or rock fait, refeue or caufe to be refeued any such fait, or rock fait, (hip, veffel, boat, horfe, cattle, cart, or carriage, or (hall attempt or endeavour fo to do, all and every such perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, for each

and

Penalty of 500). ior bribing or

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797.

and every such offence, for which no penalty is particularly provided by this ad, feverally forfeit, the fum of two hundred pounds.

CXXXIV\ And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per tons whatfoever fliall give or offer to give any bribe, recom-attempting to pence, or reward whatfoever, to any officer or officers of the bribe officers cuftoms or excife, to connive at or to permit any fait, or rock ore^ecil^ft0inS  t0 run oa ^ore5 or to connive at any falfe or fhort entry

* ^  of  any fait, or rock fait, or fhall give or offer to give any bribe,

recompence, or reward whatfoever, in order to corrupt, perfuade, or prevail upon any such officer or officers, either to do or perform any ad or ads, thing or things whatfoever, contrary to the duty of such officer or officers, in the execution of this or any other ad or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of this ad, or thereafter to be made, relating to fait, or rock fait, or either of them, or to negled to do or perform any ad or ads, thing or things whatfoever, belonging or appertaining to ' the bufinefs or duty of such officer or officers, in the execution of any such ad or ads of parliament, or to connive at or conceal any fraud or frauds relating to the duties on fait, or rock fait, or not to difcover the fame, all and every such perfon or perfons fo offending fhall, for each and every such offence, whether such offer or propofal be accepted or not, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.

CXXXV. And be it further enaded, That all outftanding arrears of the duties by this ad repealed, which (hall have arifen or been charged, on all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which fhall have been incurred or adjudged in rotation to any such duties, before the commencement of this ad, fhall be paid to, and fliall be received, diffributed, and accounted for by the corn? miffioners of excife in England and Scotland refpedively; and all legal and juft outftanding claims, for or in refped of any draw-* back, difcount, allowance, or bounty, which fhall have arifen or become due in relation to any such duties before the commencement of this ad, fhall be adjufted, fettled, paid, and accounted for by the faid commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland refpedively, out of any money in their hands arifing by the duties by this ad impofed-: provided always neverthelefs, That no such claim, for or in refped of any such drawback, difcount, allowance or bounty, (hall be allowed or paid, unlefs the fame fhall be made within fix months next after the commencement of this ad.

CXXXVI. And be it further enaded, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by any ad or ads of parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this ad, and relating tq the duties on fait, and not recovered, and alfo all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this ad, fhall be fued for, recovered^ levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as an^ fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of

record

Arrears of duties repealed, penalties incurred before commencement of this aft, drawbacks, ixe. to be adjufted by the com-

nsiffiotiers of excite.

Recovery and application of penalties.

^797-1 Anno regni tricefimo oclavo Georcii III. c. 89.  933

record at Wejhninfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedtively, and that (fave and except in such cafes where it is otherwife exprefsly diredled by this a6l) one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who will inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

CXXXV1I. And be it further enatfed, That all monies Duties to be drifting by the faid duties by this act granted or impofed (the confoUdate^ neceflary charges of raffing and accounting for the fame excepted) fuaci# fhall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and fhall be carried to and made part of the confoli-dated fund.

CXXXVIIL And be it further enadled, That, from and Application of after the tenth day of Odtober one thoqfand seven hundred and the duties, ninety-eight, out of the monies arifing from the duties on fait hereby granted, the fum of one hundred and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, being one fourth part of the fum of four hundred and fix thousand two hundred and twenty pounds, the annual average produce for fix years, ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the faid duties on fait, fhall quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Odtober, in every year, during the period of ten years, be fet apart from the remainder of the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and that the faid remainder of the faid duties fhall, during the faid period of ten years, be paid into the reeeipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, dillindlly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue ; and that the faid remainder of the faid rates and duties fo paid into the faid receipt, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient, fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan to be made or flock created by virtue of any a£l parted or to be parted in this feftion of parliament; and that there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books., in which the faid remainder of the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, fhall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this felllon of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increafed charge as afore-faid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever.

CXXXIX. And whereas, by feveral adts of parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this adt, and relating to the duties on fait, certain pcwers and authorities were given to the collectors and other officers of the duties on fait, and such colledlors and officers refpediively by the faid adts were authorifed and required to make feizures of fait and other articles forfeited by the faid adts, and to do, perform, and execute divers other adts, matters, and things, for the purpose of regulating the collection of the duties by this adt repealed, and for preventing and detecting of frauds relating thereto : and

whereas

934  Anno  regni  tricefimo  oftavo Georgii III. c. 89. [1797*

whereas it is expedient that such of the /aid powors and authorities as are not repealed, revoked, or altered or controlled by this aft, or not repugnant to any of the provifions herein contained, be given to, and in future exercifed, praftifed,, and put in execution by the colleftors and officers of ex rife, and the officers of excife Jhould be authorifed and required to male such feizures, and to do, perform, and execute all fuel.b afts, matters, and things, for the reguhting the colie ft ion of the duties by this aft impofed in lieu of the faid duties fo repealed, and for preventing and detefting frauds relating to the faid duties by this aft From O6t. 10, impofed: be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the tenth day of Oftober one thousand (even bunded and ninety-eight, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedlive collectors v and other officers of excife, and such collectors and other officers as were given are hereby authorifed and required to make such feizures, and to to officers of exercife, praClife, and put in execution such of the faid powers and authorities refpeCtively as are not repealed, revoked,altered, or controlled by this act, or not repugnant to any of the provifions herein contained, and to do, perform, and execute, all such acts, matters, and things, for the regulating the collection of the duties by this a<5t impofed, and for preventing and detecting frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as the refpective collectors and other officers of the duties on fait by this aCt repealed might have done immediately before the palling of this act: ; and that all and every perfon and perfons who (hall obftruCf, moleft, impede, let or hinder, any such colleCfor or other officer of excife in the due execution of any of the faid powers or authorities, (hall, for every such offence, be fubjeCt and liable to such penalty or penalties relpeCtively, as are in and by the faid refpective acts impofed for such offence committed on any collector or otfier officer of the duties on fait.

repcal°or alter CXL. And be jt further enaCfed, That nothing in this act any afts in contained fhall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend, to force immedi- repeal or alter any act or acts of parliament in force immediately atfT before before the paffing of this act relating to the duties on fait, or any relating to the  claufes  or provifoes therein contained, fave and except the

.J798, officers of the excife may exercife inch powers

the fait duties by ad's m force before puffing this ad, and are not hereby repealed or altered.

duties on fait, ex t pt fo far as hereby repealed or altered.

faid duties, drawbacks, difeounts, bounties, and allowances refpec-tivelyby this act exprefsly repealed, and fave and except fo far as any fuel) act or ats, or the claufes, provifions, powers, or authorities therein contained or granted are repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by this prefent a<t, or repugnant to any of thp provifions herein contained, but that all and fingular the faid former acts, and the feveral provifions, rules, regulations, powers, and authorities therein contained Qr granted, and the pains^ penalties, and forfeitures incurred, or thereby impofed or provided for any breach or non-obfqrvance of the fame, except as aforesaid, (ball remain and continue in as full force and effect as if this act had not been made ; any thing herein to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CXLI. And whereas the commiffioners and officers who, before and at the trine of puffing this aft, were employed in the colie ft ion and

management

1797-] Anno regni tricefim'o o&avo (j£okgii III. c. 89.'  935

management of the duties for or in refpeft of fait, are or will he hy

this aft deprived of their employments, and the falaries and emoluments 4

arifmg therefrom ; and it is expedient that fome compenfation fhould

he made to such commiffioners and officers refpeftively for the lofs of

fuch their falaries and emoluments ; be it further enaCied, That it His Majesty

fhall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, may chredt the

by warrant under his or their fign manual, to direct, during ofexclfe

pleafure, the commiffioners of excife to pay to such commiffioners p^y to the

and officers refpediively of the fait duties, out of the revenue of com mi ffioners

excife, such yearly allowances as his Majesty, his heirs and anc1 officers

fucceffors, (hall judge fit, fo as no allowance to any such com- on fift allow8

miffioner or officer of the fait duties refpedffvely (hall exceed the -mccs not

yearly amount of the faliry and emolument of which he or they exceeding

is, are, or (hall by this ad be fo deprived, and fo as the whole of their falaries

fuch allowance do not exceed the fum of twenty-one thousand and

,  J  merits,

pounds.

CXLII. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every the All powers of powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, 12 Car. 2. and things, which, in ard by an a<5f, made in the twelfth year of ex^d to this the reign of King Charks the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and hy knights fegvice and purveyances and fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty s revenue of excife, are provided and eftabliffied for managing levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, or acertaining, the duties thereby granted,- or any of them, (other than in such cafes for which other penalties or provifions are madeand preferibed by this act), (ball be prac-tifed, ufed, and put it execution, in and for the managing, raffing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the faid duties upon ftlt and rock fait hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaefted in this prefent a£t.

CXLIII. And) for tie preventing of ex a ft ions upon fale offait in this kingdom, and to have the rates and prices thereof afeertained, be it further enaCled, That, from and after the paffing of this a&, J^orand the lord mayor and court of aldermen of the city of London, fhall Mermen of and may and are hereby required, when and as often as they London, and (hall think neceffary, to fet, ascertain, and duly publifh, certain the juftices reafonable rates and prices upon all fait to be fold or expofed to f^ffion^to fale, and not intended for exportation, in the city of London, and fet the price precindls thereof, aijd the bills of mortality; and that the refpedive of fait fold, jufticesof the peace for the refpedlive counties, ridings, divifions, and not cities, and places, :n Great Britain, fhall and may and are hereby intended foi* required, as often as they refpeCtively fhall think neceffary, at the “ P°r l° feveral and refpecti/e general feffions of the peace, for the tefpe&ive counties, ridings, divifions, cities, and places, wherein they are or fhall be juftices of the peace, to fet, afeertain, and duly publifh, certain reafonable rates and prices upon ali fait to be fold or expofed b fale, and not intended for exportation*

■  within

Penalty for idling fait at a higher than the fixed price, or refuting to fell at that price.

Application ot penalty.

Annoregni tficefiitioi oftavo GeoRgii III. c. 96. [1797.

tvithin the refpe&ive^.’counties, ridings, divifions, cities, and places, wherein they are or (hall be jufiices of the peace, and that the lord mayor of London, and the faid court of aldermen, in the court of aldermen, and the faid refpedtive juft ices of the peace of the refpeflive counties, ridings,divifions,cities, and places afore-faid, at the feveral and refpe6Hve general feffions of the peace for the faid refpedive counties, ridings, dmfions, cities, and places wherein they are or fhall be juftices of the peace, fhall and may, and are hereby required from time to time, (if neceffary), at the feveral and refpe&ive general fefiions of the peace for the faid counties, ridings, divisions, cities, and places, by writing, duly made and publifhed, to alter arjd correct the rates and prices of all fait to be fold and expofed to fale, and not intended for exportation, in the faid refpe&ive places; and the rates and prices which fhall be fo fet, ascertained, altered, and corrected, are hereby directed and required to be obferved, accepted, received, and taken by all and every perfon and perfons felling or expofing to fale nny lalt, not intended for exportation, within Great Britain; and if any perfon or perfons (hall fell any fait, not intended for exportation, at any higher price or rate, or refufe to fell any fait, not intended for exportation, at the prices and rates fo fixed as aforesaid, such perfon and perfons fo offending, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied out of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by diftrefs and fale thereof, by warrant under the hand and feal of the lofd mayor or one of the aldermen of the city of London, or of an^ juftice or juftices of the peace for the place or places wherein such offence fhall be committed or diftrefs fhall be to be mlde, and in default of lufficient diftrefs for the fame, it fhall ard may be lawful, by warrant under the hand arid feal from the lord mayor or one of, the aldermen of the city of London, or from any such juftice of the peace as aforesaid, to imprifon the faid offeider or offenders, until such offender or offenders (ball pay the faid fum of twenty pounds, one moiety of which fum fhall be pad to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, and the other npiety thereof to such perfon or perfons as fhall inform and proiecute for the fame as N aforefaid.

CAP. XC.

An ad: for enabling his Majesty to raife the fim of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned, and for Applying a certain fum erf money therein mentioned for the iervice of the year one thouland seven hundred and ninety-eight; for further appropriating the fupplies; granted in this feffion of parliament; and for iiaking forth duplicates! of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, ? or other orders, left, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed.—[June 29, 1798.]

Commiffioners of the treafury may raife i,ooo,oocl. by loans or exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1799, as prescribed by the malt ad of this feffion. Exchequer bills with intereft, &c. to be paid oit of the firlt fupplies of next feffion, and if fufficient be not granted by J\ly 5, 1799? then out of the confolidated fusel, In cafe of fiivafion, the bank may advance the

money

1^97*'] Annoregni tricefimo oftavo GeorgIi III. c. go.

money authorifed by this ad. 62,755b 10s. paid to the bank on account of the paymafter general, may be iffued towards the fupply for 1798. Mo* nies raifed by the malt duties, .land tax, exchequer bills, aid for the profecution of the war, further exchequer bills, annuities, lottery, additional exchequer bills, exchequer bills, and 62,755b 10s. paid to the bank on account of the paymafter general, with the refidue from fale of French prizes, to be applied to the ufes hereafter exprefled. 13,449,388b 19s. 7d. for naval fervices for 1798, viz. 2,645,500b for wages of iro,000-men, including 20,000 marines. 2,717,000b for their viduals. 4,290,000b for wear and tear of fhips. 357>5oob for fea fervice ordnance. 1,200,000b for tranfport fervice and maintenance of prifoners. 689,858b 19s. 7d. for ordinary of the navy, including half pay. 639,530b for buildings and repairs of fhips and extra works. 910,000b for 10,000 additional men. 1,073,885b 13s. 9d. for land fervice of the ordnance for 1798. 5,726b 9s. 2d. for the fame in 1796.  114,855b  8s.  6d.  for fea fervice of the ordnance in

1796.  96,571b  4s.  lod. for the fame in 1797.  10,587b 17s. nd. to

make compenfation for lands purchafed in Kent and Devon, purfuant to 34 Geo. 3. c. 76. and 1,953b ns. nd. to make compenfation for Ioffes fiiftained in Kent, in confequence of that adt. 2,000,000b for his Ma-jefty's fervice in Ireland. 32,852,815b 4s. nd. for land forces in 1798, viz. 1,699,450b 7s. 3d. for 48,609 effective men, officers, See. in Great Britain, Jerley and Guernfey. 1,025,536b 19s. 6d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Portugal, the Cape of Good Hope and New South Wales. 78,226b 4s. 3d. for difference between Britifh and Irifii pay for fix regiments abroad. 20,244b os. id. for recruiting the regiments in Eaft India. i8o,oool. for recruiting, contingencies and extra feed for cavalry. 89,723b 19s. 3d. for general, ftafF and hofpital officers in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jerfey. 1,417,179b 10s. 50!. for militia in South Britain, and fencible infantry in Great Britain, Jerfey, Guernfey, Sciily and Man. 40,000b for contingencies for militia and fencibles in Great Britain. 116,267!. 3s, 9d. for cloathing for the militia in South Britain. 404,570b 4s. id. for fencible cavalry in Great Britain. 25,000b for their extra feed. 33,4631.13s iod. for full pay to fupernumerary officers. ,108,582b 14s. iod. for the paymafter general, commiflary general, &c. 140,000b for quartering foldiers. 163,874b 16s. 8d. for reduced officers of the land and marine forces. 125b 3s. 4d. for reduced and fuperan-nuated gentlemen of the horle guards, ioool. for officers late in the fervice of the ftates general. 52,500. upon account of reduced officers of the Britifh American forces, and 7,500b for allowances to them. 116,167b 4s. 3d. for the out penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital, and 26,547b 17s. 6d. for the in penfioners there. 12,954b 15s. 3d. for widows peniions. 1,315,708b for the fupplementary militia. 130,000b for provifional cavalry. 350,000b for volunteer corps. 520,717b for the barrack department. 226,083b ns. 5d. for foreign corps. 1,351,391b 19s. 3d* for army extraordinaries, from Dec- 25, 1796, to Dec. 24, 1797. 3,206,000b for army extraordinaries for 1798.  3,500,000b  for  difeharg-

ing exchequer bills made out under 37 Geo. 3. c. 114. '10,043b 6s. 4d. ifiued purfuant to addreffes of the houfe of commons. 7,150b for the civil eftablifhment of Upper Canada. 5,915b for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia in America. 4,550b for the civil eftablifhment of New Brunfwick in America. 1,900b for the civil eftablifhment of the iffarfd of Saint John in America. 1,840b for the civil eftablifhment of the illaud of Cape Breton in America. 1,2321. 10s. for the civil eftablifhment of the illand of Newfoundland. 4,100b for the civil eftablifhment of the Bahama ifiands. 580b for the civil eftablifhment of the Bermuda or Somers iflands. 600b for the civil eftablifhment of the ifland of Dominica. 6,157b 2S. for the civil eftablifhment of New South Wales. 13,000b for forts in Africa. i68*ooob for relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. 44,000b for American Loyalifts. 150,000b for his Majesty’s fecret fervice abroad. 36,000b to pay bills from New South Wales. 33,325b 17s. 3d. for expences of convicts at home. 2,500b for repairs of Douglas Harbour in the iffle of Man. 3,000b for the board of agriculture, 20o^ooob towards the reduction of the national debt.

49,9731c

1

TO

8 Anno regni tricefimo octavo Georgii III. c. 91, 92. [1797.

49,9781. 7s. 6d. for part of orders made out purfuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. for the relief of American fufferers. io,oool. for the Levant company.,

3.0001.  for the Britilh Mufeum. 7,000b for printing for the houfe of commons. 13,2501. 18s. for expences of the mint. 2,0241. os. 9d. for profecution of" coiners. 2,6ool. for expences on account of the alien adh,

15.0001.  for works and repairs at SomeHet Place. 38,2221. 7s. 6d. for excefs above money granted for fecfet fervice abroad laft feffion. 12,677b i 2S. id. for excefs above money granted for the differing clergy and laity of France. i,oool. to William Pollock, efq. for expences under the alien adt. 17,0731. is. 3d. to pa^7 bills drawn from New South Wales. 282I.

17s. 6d. for ventilating the houfe of lords. 2,542b tos. 6d. for fitting up houfes for the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and the ferjeant at arms. 261b 15s. 6d. to Henry Barlow, efq. for his attendance during the trial of Mr. Haltings. 547b 12s. to Robert Iiudfon, efq. for collecting papers for an appendix to the evidence on Mr. Hafting’s trial. 260b 15s. 6d. for rent of the parliament office. 422b 16s. for attendance on committees of the lords and commons. 472I. 17s. for publifhing in the Gazette weekly returns of the average price of brown fugar. 360b os. 3d.-the excefs above the fum granted laft feffion for printing for the houfe of commons. 3,338b 17s. 8d. zq. the excefs above the fum granted for expences of convidts at home. 800b is. for making a furvey at Somerfet Place. 98b 19s. to Mr. Soane, for journeys to examine the ftate of the King’s houfe at Winchefter. 1,500b for the Veterinary college. 38,516b 16s. 2d. 2q. awarded under the American treaty. 3,3871. 13s. 3d. for better fecuring Plymouth. 4,500b for roads and bridges in North Britain. Supplies not to be iffiied for any other than the purposes before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fums granted for half pay. By 37 Geo. 3.0. 144. 118,874b 16s. 8d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1797, the overplus of which may be difpofed of to officers maimed, &c. in his Majesty’s fervice. Duplicates of exchequer bills, &c. loft, may be made out on affidavits before the barons of the exchequer.

cap. xcr.

An adt for railing the fum of three millions by loans or exchequer bills.—*' { [June 29, 1798.]

Commiffioners of the treafury may raife 3,000,000b by loans and exchequer bills, before OCR 10, 1798, in like manner as is preferibed by the malt adt of this feffion concerning loans, &c. Exchequer bills fo ifined not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 5, 1799. A&ion not to lie for ftich refufal. Principal and intereft with charges to be repaid out of the firft fupplies granted next feffioti. Bank of England authorised to advance the laid liim on the credit of this ; notvvithftanding the a<ft 5 and 6 Gul. & Mariae, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. xcii.

An Acl to revive, continue until the tenth day of April one thousand /even hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an a£fy pajfed in the la]} feffion of parliament, intituled\ An ad for granting to his Majesty additional duties on diitilleries in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly deferibed for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in ,f the refpedive diltridts in Scotland; and for granting to his Alajejly certain additional duties on fpirits dijlilledfor confumptiorij and a duty on unmalted grain ufed in dijiillation, in Scotland ; and for altering and amending certain other aids of parliament for the regulation of dijlillcries in Scotland.—[June 29, 1798.]

Moft

939

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii III. c. gz.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an aft was made, in the lafl fejfion of parliament, Preamble.

intituled, An ad for granting to his Msjefty additional 3 7 Ge0- 3. duties On diftilleries in the feveral parts of the highlands of Scot-  re~

land herein particularly defcribed, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in the refpedive diftrids in Scotland; ivhicb was to continue in force until one ?nontb after the commencement of the prefent fejfion of parliament: and whereas by two afts, made in this prefent fejfion of parliament, the faid recited aft was further continued until the firft day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and whereas it is proper and expedient that the faid firfl recited aft fhould be revived and further continued, and that the fame Jhould be explained,, altered, and amended, and that certain additional duties Jhould be i?npofed upon Britifh fpirits diflilled in Scotland for confumption in that part of the kingdom,, and now in the flock, cuftody, or pojfefion of any dijliller, dealer, or retailer, and alfo upon all fpirits that fall be diflilled for that purpose before a certain period, and that a duty fhould be impofed upon all 'unmalted grain ufed for diflillation in Scotland, and that certain regulations and proviflons Jhould be made for better fecuring the faid duties, as well as the former duties upon fpirits, and upon licences for diflilling fpirits, and for the preventing of fraud and evafion thereof: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enaded ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid firfl: Recited ad recited ad, and all the duties thereby impofed, and all the ^^tV^’e^n^n powers and proyifions therein contained (except as herein-after  I0

excepted) and altered, (hall, from and after the firft day of May 1799.  ’

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and fhall continue in force until the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. And be it further enadcd, That there (hall be raifed, A further levied, colleded, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, ^xcftetVbe his heirs and fucceffors, a further duty of excife of one {hilling paid upon for and upon every gallon Englifo wine meafure of Britift) fpirits, every gallon raw, rectified, or compounded, of the ftrength of one to ten °/Britifh Ipi-over hydrometer proof, and fo in proportion for any higher or  °n

lower degree of ftrength, which fhall have been diftilled for vey Uponlor confumption in Scotland, and which fhall be, or (hall have7 been after June 13, found, on the firft adual furvey, by the proper officer of excife, *798> the upon or after the thirteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in the ftock, cuftody, or pofTeflion scotiand * of any diftiller, redifier, compounder, dealer in or retailer of  *

fpirits, in any part of Scotland; to be paid by such diftiller, redifier, compounder, dealer, or retailer, over and above the licence duty on the capacity or content of the ftill, which has been paid, or become payable, by any diftiller, for or in refped of the diftillation of such fpirits.

Vol. XU.  IIL And

940 Anno regnl tricefimo oftavo Georgii IIT. c. 92. [1797? and upon  III.  And be it further enabled, That there {hall be raifed,

fv5-rvon . levied, cohered, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majeftv, which on, ana , .  , .  ,  ’  ~r 5  ,  .  r .r r n

from and his heirs and lucceiiors, a further duty or excile or one milling

after that day, for and upon every gallon Englijh wine meafure of Britijh fpirits, of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and fo in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, which on, and from and after the faid thirteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and until the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive, (hall have been and (hall be diftilled in any part of the lowlands of Scotland, for confumption in Scotland, or fhall have been or (hail be diftilled for such-confumption within certain other parts of Scotland particularly described in the herein-after mentioned aft of the thirty-third year, and in the herein-before recited aft of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, not exceeding the number of gallons herein-after limited and reftrifted to be diftilled on and from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred arid ninety-eight, until the faid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by or from each ftill within the boundaries therein mentioned; such duty to be paid by the diftillers of the faid fpirits, over and above the licence duty on the ftill, which fhall have been or (hall be paid, or become payable, by fu9h diftillers, for or in refpeft of the diftillation of such fpirits.

IV. And be it further enafted, That the faid additional duty by this aft impofed on Britijh fpirits, as being found in the

until April 10, 1799, fhall be diltiiled for confumption in Scotland in the lowlands, or certain parts delcvib-ed. in 33 Geo. 3. c. 61. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 102. not exceeding the quantity herein-after limited to be diftilled within a certain .period.

Additional duties to be paid at certain times, on penalty of double the amount.

Excife officers may at any time enter ftiilhoufes,

See. to take account of wafh and fpirits.

ftoclc, cuftody, or pofleffion of any diftiller, reftifier, compounder, dealer, or retailer, (hall be paid in manner following; that is to fay. One fourth part on or before the fifth day of September one thousand,feven hundred and ninety-eight, one other fourth part thereof on or before the fifth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, one other fourth part thereof on or before the fifth day of December one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight, and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the fifth day of January one t-houfand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on pain of forfeiting double the amount of the faid additional duty not fo paid ; and that the faid additional duty by this aft impofed on Britijl) fpirits, which fhall be diftilled from and after the pafljng of this aft, until the faid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, {hall be paid at the fame times and in the fame manner as the licence duty on the ftill is payable or paid by the diftiller, for every next fubfequent two months in the lowlands, and three months in the highlands refpefti vely, on pain of forfeiting double the amount of the faid additional duty not fo paid.

V. And be it farther enafted, That, from and after the palling of this aft, the officers of excife, and each and every of them duly conftituted and appointed, (hall be, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, and have right by night or day to enter into and continue in every ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warchoufe, cellar, or other place made ufe of by any diftiller,

reftifier,

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 92.  941

redlifier, or compounder, in any part of Scotland, for making or keeping wafh or fpirits, and by gauging, meafuring, or otherwife, to take account of the quantity of wafh and of fpirits in the flock, cuftody, or pofleffion of every such diftiller, rectifier, or compounder, and alfo of the quantity of wafh and of fpirits which fhall from time to time be brewed, or made, or diftilled, redlified or compounded, by any such diftiller, rediifier, or compounder, and to enter such account, as well of the wafh as of the fpirits, in a book or books to be kept by such officer or officers for that purpose.

VI.  And be it further enadted, That, from and after the No fpirits to paffing of this adl, no fpirits that fhall have been found in the he removed flock, cuftody, or pofleffion of any diftiller, redlifier, or com- p^m^on pounder, or that fhall be afterwards diftilled, redlified or com- ^ajn Gf its pounded by any diftiller, redlifier, or compounder, fhall be fent forfeiture, out of such flock, cuftody, or pofleffion, or fhall be removed the vef-from the houfe, building, or work wherein the fame were made ^fum^equal or manufadtured, redlified or compounded, .or fhall be carried to the duty, from one place to another, by land or by water, without a

permit, granted and figned by the proper officer of excife of the divifion, and fpecifying therein, the quantity, quality, and ftrength of such fpirits, and the package thereof, the perfon from whom, the perfon to whom, and the place where the fame are to be fent, and limiting a reasonable time within which the faid permit is to be in force, on pain of forfeiting all such fpirits as fhall be fent out, removed, or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such permit as aforefaid; which faid fpirits, with the cafks, veflels, and other packages containing the fame, and alfo the veflels and boats, horfes, and other cattle and carriages made ufe of in the removal or conveyance thereof, fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, and fhall  '

be forfeited and loft, any law, cuflom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; and if any licenfed diftiller, rectifier, or compounder fhall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or fuf-fer to be fent or carried, any fpirits from the houfe, building, or work wherein the fame were made, manufactured, or redlified, or compounded, without such permit as aforesaid, every such diftiller, redlifier, or compounder fhall, over and above the forfeiture of the faid fpirits, forfeit and lofe a fum equal to the duty chargeable or charged upon such fpirits, in proportion to the quantity and ftrength thereof.

VII.  And be it further enadled, That, from and after the Licenfed dif-paffing of this adt, every licenfed diftiller in Scotland fhall be re- yg/[othe^ex" quired and obliged,and he or fhe is hereby required and obliged, c^e 0fficer a" to make and deliver to the proper officer of excife of the divifion weekly rein which his or her diftillery is carried on, weekly and every turn of the week, a true return or declaration, in writing, figned by him

or her, of the refpedlive quantities of malt, and of unmalted ma]ted grain grain, ufed by such licenfed diftiller at every rnafh, and of the ufed at every quantity of fpirits produced therefrom, which faid declaration or math, and of return fhall contain the true number of gallons and ftrength of

<^c^Q^2  the  °  -Plri8Plo‘

94-2 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 92. [1797*

duced there- the fpirits diftilled in each day of such week, on pain of forfeit-^laltyof °n *nS  two hundred pounds, for every negleCt or refufal

aoei. tor neg- to niake or deliver fueh true return or declaration weekly and lect, or for every week, as aforesaid, and ihe like fum for every falfe return making a falfe or declaration that fhall be made by any such diftiller. rctLUil*  VIII.  And whereas it is reafonable that all barley, bear, or bigg,

or other corn or grain which Jhall be nfed unmalted or raw, for the purpose of dif illation in Scotland, Jhould pay the like duty as malt From Aug. now pays \ be it therefore further enabled. That, from and after officers of ejf t^le tent^ daY ^uZufi one thousand seven hundred and ninety-cife to take an eight, the officers of excife, and each and every of them, duly conftituted and appointed, {hall be, and they are hereby autho-rifed, empowered, and required, from time to time, to meafure and take an account of tne exact quantity of all the malt, and alfo of all the barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain unmalted or raw, which is to be ufed for the purpose of diftillation, by any licenfed diftiller, in any part of Scotland., before the fame

account of malt and raw corn to be diftilled before ground down, and -charge the raw corn with

the fame dut or anY Part there°f be grouncl down or put into the maffi

- .  •  /> k n  /vo fho fo tw/a /d 11 tTT fr* o H nnAn ottai-i?  r

as malt.

tun, and to charge the fame duty for and upon every buffiel of such barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain unmalted or raw, as is chargeable or charged upon malt in Scotland, which duty fhall be paid by every such diftiller, at the fame time, and in the fame manner, and under the like provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duty upon malt is payable or paid by him or her, if he or (he is a maker of malt, or if such diftiller is not a maker of malt, at the fame time, and in the fame manner, and under the like provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the additional duty upon fpirits by this abt granted, is herein-before diredfed to be paid by such diftiller; and if any licenfed diftiller rrindin -down *n anY Part ^c0^an^  from and after the faid tenth day of

malt,1 &c be-1 Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, grind down, fore an ac- or put into the mafh tun, any malt, or any barley, bear, or count is taken, bigg, or other corn or grain unmalted or raw, before the fame fhall have been mcafured, and the account thereof taken by the proper officer of excife as aforesaid, he or (he (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

IX.  And be it further enadled, That every licence for the diftitlin£.

Penalty of 100L for

making, or manufacturing oflow wines or fpirits, in

Licences for diftilling in

o^Cforedtify- the lowlands of Scotland> or for the re&ifying, compounding, or ing in any mixing, of any kind of fpirits, in any part of Scotland, which part of Scot- fball be granted or renewed upon or after the tenth day of Oc-o^renewe^^ t0^er one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclufive, upon or after (hah he and continue in force from the faid tenth day of October Okt. 10,1798, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclufive, to the to be in force tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine tjl^?anVthe exchffive; ar|d that upon or previous to the granting of any datvYo be such licence, the perfon or perfons applying for the fame (hall, paid by inftah before he, (he, or they, be entitled to such licence, pay down merits.  in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer of excife ap-

pointed to receive the fame, one third part of the full fum payable under such licence, from the faid tenth day of Otlober one

thousand

943

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 92.

thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclufive, to the tenth day of December following, exclufive > and (hall, on or before the faid tenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other third part ; and fhall, on or before the tenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, pay down in ready money, in advance, the remaining third part of the faid full fum, payable under such licence, from the faid tenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclufive, to the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive.

X.  And be it further enadled, That it fhall be lawful for the Licences^may commifiioners of excife in Scotland, to grant licences to all  the  °T

perfons applying for the fame, and duly recommended and qua- ihighlands, lifted to ere<5t, keep, and work, ftills in the highlands of Scot- within the land) within the refpe£tive counties, parts of counties, and limits,  tjie

particularly fpecifted and deferibed in the before recited adls of recited ads^of the thirty-third and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his pre- 33 Sc 37 Geo. fent Majesty, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven 3. from July hundred and ninety-eight inclufive, until the tenth day of April 5> to one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive, and no OIfpayment^* longer, upon payment of the fame, and no higher rate of duty of the fame for or in refpedft of such licences to which diftfilers, in the faid duty as iin-refpedfive diftridts, were fubjedl and liable under the faid laft P0^ by the recited a6l, for the whole year, between the fifth day of July  °r

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and in the fame proportion according to the time for which the faid licences fhall be granted and in force; that is to fay, For the time between the faid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ' ninety-eight inclufive, and the faid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive.

XI.  And be it further enadled, That every diftiller to whom  be'

fuch licence as is herein-before laft: mentioned fhall be granted, deemed as [hall be confidered, deemed, and taken, as carrying on his or diltilling from her bufinefs of diftilling or drawing off fpirits from the barley, barley, &c. of bear, or bigg, of the growth of the feveral and refpedtive coun- ^

ties, or parts of counties, in the faid adls mentioned, under the mentioned in feveral conditions, regulations, proviiions, penalties, and for-the recited feitures, which were contained and enadled in the faid laff re- adts, &c. cited adt of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, hereby revived and continued, except in fo far as the fame is altered or amended by this prefent adl.

XII.  And whereas by the herein-before lajl recited a5l of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, it was enabled.,

'That when the additional compofition duty, after the rate of fix pounds and ten findings, impofed by that act, Jhould be paid by a fill of forty gallons, such duty Jhould be held to be a compofition for the duty on dry malt to the extent of five hundred bolls Linlithgow meafure, or three thousand bufihels, and no more; and when the additional compofition duty, after the rate of four pounds, impofed by that fioould be paid

<C<^3

S44

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 92. [1797,

for a fiill of forty gallons, such duty Jhould be held to be a compofition for the duty on dry malt to the extent of four hundred and fifty bolls Linlithgow meafure, or tivo thousand seven hundred bufhels, and no more ; and when any such compofition duty Jhould be paid for any Jlill cf a leffer fize, the like proportion Jhould be obferved as to the quantity of malt for which such duty fljould be held to be a cotnpofilion : and whereas it is expedient to difcontinue the faid exemptions from the duty on malt; be it farther enacted^ That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the faid exemptions fhall ceafe and determine, and be altogether dif-continued and abolifhed; and that, for and upon ail malt which fhall be made or ufed by any difliller paying the compofition lame duties to duties herein-before mentioned, there fhall be paid by such dif-be paid as by tiller the fame duties to which any entered maltfler fhall be liable by the laws of excife.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the licence duty after the rate of nine pounds, fhall be paid for or upon each gallon of a {fill of forty gallons content, such duty fhall be held to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in luch ftill, titles of Ipirits from 3nd alter the aforefaid fifth day of July one thousand feven

Compofitions for duty on malt fettled by 37 Geo. 3. c. loi.claufe 11. to ceafe from July 5, 1798, and the

maitfters.

Licence duties on itills to be held to be! the duty on certain quan

manufactured therein, within a certain period; and for every gallon above those quantities, a duty to be paid of 3s.

Licence duties to be taken as the duties on ft ills for fix working days in the week,

hundred and ninety-eight, until the aforefaid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of two thousand five hundred and thirty-eight gallons Englijh wine meafure of fpirits, of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more ; and when the licence duty, after the rate of fix pounds and ten'{hillings fhall be paid for or upon each-gallon of a fiill of forty gallons content, such duty fhall be held to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in such ftill, from and after the aforefaid fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until the aforefaid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of two thousand two hundred and eighty-four gallons Englijh wine meafure of fpirits, of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and when any such licence duties fhall be refpectively paid for any ftill of a leffer fize, the like proportion {hall be obferved refpectively as to the quantity of fpirits for which such licence duties fhall be held to have been paid ; and that for and upon all fpirits which fhall be manufactured from such licenfed ftills between the days aforesaid, over and above the refpecHve quantities aforesaid, there fhall be paid by every such difliller a duty at and after the rate of three {hillings for each gallon of such furplus fpirits of the ftrength aforesaid, over and above the faid refpective licence duties.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the licence duties impofed upon the capacity or content of all ftills ufed in 'Scotland, fhall, from and after the pafting of this act, be held, deemed, and taken as the licence duties on ftills for fix working days in the week only throughout the year for which such licence fhall be

an^]tn^°rked granted, exclufive of Sundays; and that if any difliller or diftillers the'diftil?er to Aall work or charge any ftill or ftills on the Lord’s day, com-fbrfeit 500I. monly called Sunday, that is to fay, That if any ftill or ftills {hall

not

1797-] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii ITT. c. 92.  945

not be completely difcharged and worked oft' at or before eleven of the clock on Saturday night, and fnall not continue filent or uncharged till one of the dock on Monday morning following, or if any ft ill or ftills fhall be found charged, or at work, or filled with any thing other than water, between the hours of eleven of the clock on Saturday night and one of the clock on Monday morning throughout the year, then every such diftiller or diftillers fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds for each offence, and for every time any ftill or ftills fhall on Sunday, or between the hours aforesaid, be fo worked or charged; any cuftom or ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding,

XV.  And be it further enacted, That it fhall and may be Perfons now lawful for any perfon or perfons now Iieenfed by the comm if- Jjf ^ fioners of excife, to ereCt, keep, and work, any ftill or ftills for lowlands fpi» the diftilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits rits for con-in the lowlands of Scotland, for confumption in Scotland, to fumption in deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences, to the faid com- j^otl then-”™^ miflioners, or to the proper fupervifor of the diftriCl or officer oflicences va-the divifion, to be vacated at any time after the palling of this cated before aCi, and before the tenth day of Odlober one thousand seven Od. 10,179S, hundred and ninety-eight, on giving to the faid commiffioners, an^ rec?*ve a fupervifor, or officer, at leaft ten days previous notice, in writing, retiirn^of the figned by such perfon or perfons, of such intention, whereupon, duty.

and at the end of the faid ten days, the faid commiftioners, fupervifor, or officer, fhall, and they are hereby refpeCtively authorifed to vacate the fame, and every such perfon or perfons fhall be entitled to a return of a part of the licence duty paid thereupon for the prefent year, in proportion to the period of such year then unexpired, and fhdll be, and they are hereby fully indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from any further payment of duty for or upon such licence or licences during the remainder of the faid year, and from any penalty, forfeiture, aCtion, fuit, or profecution, for or by reafon of his, her, or their having dif-continued to work any ftill or ftills under the authority of such licence or licences, after the fame fhall have been delivered up and vacated as aforefaid.

XVI.  And be it further enaCied, That it fhall and may be Perfons li-lawful for any perfon or perfons Iieenfed by the faid commif-

fioners of excife, to erect, keep, and work any ftill or ftills for JancJs for Con-the diftilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits fumption in in the lowlands of Scotland, for confumption in Scotland., or for Scotland, or the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits in a° any part of Scotland, between the tenth day of October one Scotland,°or thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the tenth day of to diftil in the April one thousand seven .hundred and ninety-nine, or for any highlands^ perfon or perfons Iieenfed by the faid commiftioners of excife, to ereCt, keep, and work ftills in the highlands of Scotland, between ods,on proper the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- notice, have eight, and the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and their licences ninety-nine, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licencesvvacatec*> to the faid commiftioners, or to the proper fupervifor of the <^<^<^4  diftrid

946 Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii 111. c. 92. [1797*

diHridl or officer of the divifion, to be vacated upon the condition herein-after exprefled, and at the time or times herein-after particularly mentioned ; that is to fay, Every such perfon or perfons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences, to be vacated, (hall give to the faid commiffioners, fupervifor, or officer, one calendar month’s previous notice in writing, fizned by such perfon or perfons, of such intention, before he, (he, or they fhall be entitled to difcontinue the working of his, her, or their (till or Hills, licenfed as aforesaid, and thereupon the faid commiffioners, fupervifor, or officer, fhall, and they are hereby refpedtively authorised to vacate the faid licence or licences, but not fooner, or at any other time or times than at and from the end of any two calendar months in the lowlands, and of any three calendar months in the highlands of Scotland, for which faid two months or three months refpedlively, the licence duty has been actually paid in advance by such perfon or perfons, and in that cafe the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in refpecl of such Hill or Hills, for the unexpired time of his, her, or their licences, during which the working of the faid Hill or Hills fhall be difcontinued, fhall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by such perfon or perfons who fhall have given such notice as aforesaid, and ceafed to work the faid ftill or Hills from and after the time fpecified in such notice; that is to fay, Only at the end of the two months or three months refpedlively hcrein-before mentioned.

On or before XVII. And be it further ena£led, That, from and after the diulllers paffing of this aiH, and on or before the twentieth day of July thehfwlands one tb°u^and seven hundred and ninety-eight, it fhall and may for confmiip- be lawful for any perfon or perfons licenfed as aforesaid, as a tion in Scot- difliller or diHillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in the lowlands have their °* ^co^anch f°r consumption in Scotland, to deliver in his, her, or licences va- their licence to the faid commiffioners, or fupervifor, or officer of cated in part, excife, to be vacated in part by ceafing, from and after the faid and an abate- twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-Sade°fdUty eiShb to wor^ one entire ftill where two or more ftills have been entered by and licenfed to such diftiller or diftillers, or by ceafing to work two entire Hills where three or more Hills have been entered by and licenfed to such diHiller or diHillers, and to continue to work the other or others of such Hills, or by reducing or leffiening the capacity or content of any Hdl or Hills at prefent licenfed as atorefaid, by cutting down the fame to a leffer capacity or content, or by fubflituting a Hill or Hills of a leffer capacity or content in place of any Hill or Hills at prefent licenfed, upon previous notice, in writing, figned by such diHiller or diHillers being given, on or before the day aforesaid, of the intention to ceafe working one or more Hill or Hills, and to continue to work the other or others of such Hills from and after that day, or to reduce or leffien the capacity or content of any Hill or Hills at prefent licenfed, or to fubftitute a leffer Hill or Hills in place thereof; and in either of thefe events it fhall and may be lawful for such commiffioners, or fupervifor, or officer of excife refpec-

tively.

947

1797*] Anno regni tricefirno o<5tavo Georgii III. c. 92.

tively, and they are hereby required to indorfe the fame on the back of such licence, fpecifying, in such indorfement, the content of such dill or dills refpediively, and diflinguilhing such as is or are intended to be worked from such as is or are not intended to be worked after the time before limited, or the content of such dill or dills as is or are intended to be reduced or leffened, or changed as aforesaid, and alfo the content of such dill or dills as fhall have been reduced, or leflened, or lubdituted as aforesaid, and to redeliver such licence to such didiller or didiilers, or maker or makers of fpirits, with such indorfement thereupon, and which indorfement on such licence fhall be deemed to vacate

fuch licence in such part only as relates to the dill or dills which fhall ceafe to be worked, or fhall be reduced, leffened, or changed, as aforefaid; and an abatement of licence duty fhall be made on such lad-mentioned dill or dills only, from the day or days on which the faid dill or dills (hall have ceafed to be worked, or fhall have been reduced, leffened, or changed, as aforefaid.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no dill fo reduced, leffened, cut down, or fubdituted as aforesaid, (hah be ufed or employed either for the diddling of wafh or of low wines, unlefs the capacity or content thereof, including the head, fhall, after , such reduction or change, be at the lead forty gallons Englijh wine meafure or upwards.

XIX.  Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That in cafe any didiller fhall, after the pading of this adt, and before the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, difeontinue the working of any licenfed dill or dills under any of the provilions and conditions herein-before enadfed and contained, every such didiller fhall immediately take down the faid dill or dills, and demolifh the furnace or furnaces thereof; and fhall alfo depofit with the officer of excife of the divifion in which such dill or dills was or were worked, the head and worm of the faid dill, or heads and worms of the faid dills, to be by him fecurely kept until the fame fhall be again licenfed to be worked; and if any such didiller fhall negledt or refufe to take down the faid dill or dills, or to demolifh the furnace or furnaces thereof, or to depofit the head or heads, worm or worms, of such dill or dills as before directed, or fhall ufe or employ the body or bodies of such dill or dills in the diddling of low wines or fpirits before the fame fhall be again duly licenfed for that purpose, every such didiller diall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XX.  And be it further enacted, That it fliall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, and the officer or officers ailing under them, or by their authority, for the licenflng of dills, to grant licences to any perfon or perfons in the lowlands of Scotland, between the faid tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclufive, and the faid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclufive, to erect, keep, and work,* one dill of a content or capacity in the body thereof and exclufive of the head, not Ids

than

No reduced kill of lefs content than 40 gallons to be ufed lor diftilling wafh or low wines.

If a diftiller

difeontinue working a ftill before April 10,1799, he fhall take it down and demolifh the furnace, and depoht the head and worm with the excife officer.

Penalty of 200I. for neg-ledt, or for ulingthe body of such Hill before licen-ling again.

Commiffion* ers of excife in Scotland may autho-rife, within a certain period, perfons in the lowl mds to diltil wafh, low wines, or fpirits, in flills containing 40 gallons.

948

But no licence to be granted within that time for a wath and a low wine ftill together, un* lefs the latter contain a fourth of the former.

Where fpirits Th

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 92. [1797.

than forty gallons Englijh wine meafure, for diftilling, making, or manufacturing wafh, low wines, or fpirits.

XXI.  Provided always, That no licence fhall be granted to any perfon or perfons in the lowlands of Scotland, between the time aforesaid, to ered, keep, and work, a wafh ftill and a low wine ftill together, unlefs the low wine ftill be of a content or capacity in the body thereof, and exclulive of the head, not lefs than one fourth part of the content or capacity of such wafh ftill.

XXII.  And whereas contrails may have been made for the fale of Britifh fpirits before the fame Jhall have been charged or become chargeable with the duty by this a£l impofed; be it therefore enaded, That in all cafes where any fpirits, whereon the duty by this ad

und^this a<5t ^mP°^e^ be charged, fhall have been, after the faid thirteenth have been day °f June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or contracted for (hall be delivered in purfuance of such contracts or fales, it fhall previous to be lawful for the diftillers, redifiers, compounders, dealers in or i^ma^be retailers of such fpirits, delivering the fame, to charge fo much money as fhall be equivalent to the duty by this ad impofed in refped thereof, in addition to the price of such fpirits; and such diftiller, redifier, compounder, dealer, or retailer, fhall be entitled by virtue of this ad to demand, and be paid the fame accordingly.

XXIII.  And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons fhall obftrud or hinder any officer of officers of excife in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other ad or ads of parliament relating to fpirits, the perfon or perfons fo offending therein, fhall, for each and every such offence, feverally forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded, That all the monies arifing by the duties by this ad impofed as aforesaid, (the neceftary

and carried to charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), fhall, ^ie confoli- from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s ace un * exchequer at IVeflminJler, and the faid money fo paid in as aforesaid, fhall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund, and fhall be managed and applied in the fame manner as the duties granted by the faid ad palled in the lafk feffion of parliament, are thereby direded to be managed and applied.

Recovery and XXV. And be it further enaded, That all fines, penalties, penahies?11 °* anc* f°rfeitures by this ad impofed, fhall be fued for, recovered, , levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fhall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who fhall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXVI. And be it further enaded. That all and every the

charged to the price.

Perfons ob-ftructing officers to forfeit 200I.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer,

ii Car. t. c. 24, Sec. to

ext end" to'this powers, diredions, rules, penalties, forfeitures claufes, matters, adt.  and  things,  which  in  and  by  an  ad made in the twelfth year

of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An att for

taking

949

1797-1 Anno reg™ tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 93.

taking away the court of wards: and liveries, and tenures in capite -and hy knight fervice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and eftablifhed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, {hall be pradfifed and put in execution in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, dailies, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this prefent ad.

CAP. XCIII.

An aft for afcertaining the duty payable on taxed carts.—

[June 29, 1798.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

W' HERE AS by an aft paffed in the prefent fefton of parliament, Preamble.

for repealing the duties on carriages, and impofing new duties 38 Geo* 3* in lieu thereof the duty i?7ipofed on carriages, commonly ccdled Taxed c* 41 •

Carts, is alfo repealed; and it is expedient to place such carriages

under the regulations, and fubjett to the duties herein-after mentioned*y

may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the

authority of the fame, That there fhall be charged, raifed, levied, An annual

and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his. heirs and fuc- °f 4s*

ceffors, for and upon every carriage with lefs than four wheels, every taxed*0**

to be drawn by one horfe, mare, or gelding, which {hall be built cart 0f a par-

and conftructed wholly of wood and iron^ without any covering ticulnr con-

other than a tilted covering, and without any lining or fprings, ftrudtion, Sec.

or any ornament whatever, other than paint of a dark colour for

the prefervation of the wood or iron only, and which fhall have

the words “A Taxed Cart,” and alfo the owners name and

place of abode thereon, and the price of which, (repairs excepted),

fhall not have exceeded, or the value whereof fhall not at any

time exceed, the fum of twelve pounds fterling, the annual fum

of one pound and four {billings, which duty (hall be raifed,

levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied in the fame

manner, by the fame perfons refpedtively, and under the like

rules, directions, and provifions, and to the like ufes as the duties

on carriages impofed by the faid recited acft, are directed to be

raifed, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing Perfons liable herein contained fhall be conftrued to authorife any perfori to certain du-fet up or keep any carriage as a taxed cart, on payment of the tlfxed^carts as duty hereby granted, who {hall be -liable to be aflefled to the for carrnges

duties with lefs than

95°

four wheels, under 38 Geo. 3. c. 41.

Perfons occupying farms or carrying on trade, and making a livelihood folely thereby, and ecclefiaf-ticks not pof-l’dllng look per ann. fhall pay for horfes uled only in such carriages as for horfes not kept for riding.

Carriages to be marked with the names of the owners, &c. and produced upon demand for examination.

If the price of such carriage fhall be more than 12I. or be conltrudted contrary to this abt, &c. it fhall be charged as a carriage with lefs than four wheels, and -

A.nno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 93. [1797.

duties granted by the faid recited adt on carriages in refpedl of any four-wheeled carriage kept or ufed by him or her, or to the duties thereby granted on male fervants, in refpedt of two male fervants retained or employed by him or her ; but every such perfon #who fhall keep any such carriage (hall be liable to, and fhall be charged for the fame at the rate preferibed, and according to the directions contained in the faid recited aCt, in refpeft of carriages with lefs than four wheels, therein mentioned.

III.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That if any perfon occupying a farm, and making a livelihood folely thereby, or any perfon carrying on a trade, and making a livelihood folely thereby, or by such occupation or trade jointly, or any ecclefiaf-tical perfon not polFefTed of an annual income of one hundred pounds or upwards, whether arifing from ecclefiaftical preferment, or otherwise, fhall keep any such carriage fubjedl to the duty hereby granted, every such perfon (hall be charged in refpeCt of the horfe, mare, or gelding, ufed for the purpose of drawing such caniage, at the rate preferibed by the faid recited a£l for horfes not kept for the purpose of riding, or of drawing any carriage charged with duty by the faid abl: provided always. That such horfe, rriare, or gelding, fhall not be at any time ufed by such perfon for the purpose of riding, or of drawing any carriage chargeable with duty by the faid recited ach

IV.  And be it further enabled, That every perfon to be rated and affefled for such carriage as aforesaid, fhall mark or paint on a black ground in white letters, or on a white ground in black letters, on the outfide of the back panncl, or back part of such carriage, or in cafe such carriage {hall be conftrubted without a back pannel, or any back part on which such letters may be marked or painted, then on the fide, or on fome confpicuous part of such carriage, on the outfide thereof, his or her chriflian and furnames, and the place of his or her abode, and the words “ A Taxed Cart, ” in roman letters, and in words at full length, each of such letters being at leaf! one inch in length, and of a breadth in proportion, and fhall, upon demand being made, produce such carriage, fo marked or painted, to the aflefTor or afleflojs, furveyor or furveyors, infpedfor or inlpebfors, of the faid rate or duty, or at any meeting of the commiflioners for putting this a<5t in execution, or to any two or more of them, to be examined by them, or any or either of them, refpedhng all or any of the particulars above mentioned ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall have or keep any carriage as aforefaid with lefs than four wheels, and such carriage fhall, in refpedl of the price thereof, or for any fubfequent addition, (repairs excepted), have been charged (the proof of which fhall lie on the owner or owners of such carriage) at any fum exceeding twelve pounds fferling, or if the value thereof fhall appear to the faid commif-fioners, on examination, to exceed the faid fum of twelve pounds fteiling, or if such carriage (hall be built or conftrudted in any

refpedt

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 93.  951

refpecl contrary to the provifions herein-before mentioned, or the furveyor fhall not be fo marked as aforesaid, or if such perfon or perfons fhall neglect or refufe, dpon demand being made, to produce jt may fe p0 such carriage fo marked to the afleffor or affeffors, furveyor or charged in the furveyors, infpedtor or infpedlors, of the faid rate or duty, or to aflVfiment. the commiflioners as aforesaid, for the examination of them, or any or either of them, every such perfon or perfons fhall be liable to, and fhall be charged at, the rate prefcribed according to the directions contained in the faid recited a£l in refpedl of carriages with lefs than four wheels therein mentioned- and the faid furveyor or furveyors, upon notice thereof, fhall certify the fame in writing, under his or their hand or hands to any two or more of the commiflioners for putting the faid recited adt in execution, in order to have such carriage charged at the rate prefcribed by the faid recited acl, in the affeffment made or to be made for that year, and any two or more of the faid commiflioners fhall thereupon caufe the afleffment to be rectified or made according to such certificate, and the faid rate and duty to be levied and paid accordingly.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enadled. That nothing C^rts u^d herein contained fhall be conftrued to extend to fubjedl to the hufbandry or faid duty any cart whatever which fhall be kept truly and without trade, not to fraud to be ufed wholly in the affairs of hufbandry or of trade, be fubjedt to by reafon of the owner or any of his or her fervants riding

thereon or therein, when laden, or when returning from any j therein

place to which, or when going to any place from which, any when laden,

load fhall have been or fhall be to be carried in such carriage, in or of convey-

the courfe of hufbandry, or for the purpose of trade, or for con- inS theit*

,  1  r  ,  F rr ...  7  r  owners to

veymg the owners thereof, or their families, to or from divine churCh See.

fervice, on Sundays, or for carrying perfons going to or returning

from the election of members to ferve in parliament, in cafe such

carriage fhall not have been ufed for any purpose of riding

thereon or therein, fave as aforefaid.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That any

carriage with lefs than four wheels, of whatever confirudlion the fom. vvi4els

fame may be, which fhall fie at any time lent or let out to hire, ltt out to hire,

fhall be fubjedl to the duty impofed on such carriages by the faid to be fuhjedt

recited a£l$ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- JP  on

1 •  1  ucn ciir 11 a?cs

Handing.  by 38 Geo. 3.

VII.  And be it further enaeffed, That no perfon affeffed for q. 4l.

any such cart as aforesaid, to the duties hereby granted, (hall be Carts charged charged in refpedl thereof with the additional duties granted by with duty an ael, intituled. An aft for granting to bis Majejly an aid and^rt^Y contribution for the profecution of the zvar.  liable 1 o’ the

VIII.  And be it further enadled, That in cafe any cart, built additional and conftrudled according to the directions of an adl paffed in dutiesgranted the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, fhall by 3s Geo* 3* have been affeffed to the faid additional duties granted by the faid 1

a cl, for .granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of buUtlaccord-the war, as aforesaid, it fhall be lawful for the commiflioners for ing t0 ^

executing Geo 3. c.109.

(hall have been aflelfed to the additional duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. the commifiioners may, on appeal, caufe the aflefl-ments to be vacated, Scc.

Appeals not to be heard till after ten days notice to the furveyor, &c.

executing the faid laft mentioned aft, 2nd they are hereby required to hear and determine any appeal againft such afleflinent; and in cafe such cart (hall, in the judgement of the faid com mill! oners, be entitled, in purfuance of the proviftons of this aft, to be exempted from any afleflment to be made by virtue of the faid aft, for granting an aid and contribution for die profecution of the war, then the faid commiflioners (hall caufe such aflefT-ment to be vacated, but fo as not to annul any payment already made on any such affellment, nor to impede the collection of any arrears fallen due before the vacating such afl'effment: provided always, That no such appeal (hall be heard or determined but after ten days notice to the furveyor or infpeftor of the faid duties; and every such infpeftor and furveyor receiving such notice as aforesaid, is hereby authorifed and required to attend the determination of such appeal; and in cafe either the party, or such infpeftor or furveyor, (hall be diflatisfied with the determination of such commiflioners, they refpeftively may demand a cafe, in like manner as under any aft or afts of parliament with relation to afleffed taxes.

Preamble.

CAP. XCIV.

An aft for the regulation of the provifional force of cavalry, raifed by virtue of two afts of the lajl jejfion of parliament.—[June 29> !798-]

WHEREAS his Majesty hath been gracioufiy pieafed, in purfuance of two afts, pafj'ed in the lajl feffion of parliament^ for raifing a provifional force of cavalry, to communicate to parliament his royal intention to caufe the faid cavalry to be drawn out and embodied: and whereas it may be expedient, at the prefent conjuncture^ to draw out and embody the provifional cavalry of Jome of the counties, ridings, and places, and to continue the fame embodiedfor such time as circumfiances Jhall appear to require, and to caufe the provifional cavalry raifed in the reft of the counties, ridings, and places in England, to be ajfembled for the purpose of being trained and exercifed and afterwards embodied, if occafion Jhall require: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be itenafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the Lieutenants of authority of the fame, That the lieutenant of every county, rl^nt’ or place> or in ca^e °f vacancy, or in the abfence of the warrant, to  lieutenant, any two or more deputy lieutenants, to whom his Ma-

caufe to be  jelly’s warrant for the purpose of embodying the provifional force

prepared lifts Gf cavalry raifed in such county, riding, or place, (hall befdirefted, enrolled1ri*0nS as ^oon a^ter paflingofthis aft as conveniently can be the provifional done, caufe to be prepared by the clerk of the general meeting of cavalry, and lieutenancy, or by the clerks of the feveral fubdivifion meetings, duplicates lifts containing the names and places of abode of all theperfons

enrolled

tr animated to

1797*] Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 94.  953

enrolled to ferve in the provifional cavalry of such county, riding, the receiver or place, by virtue of the faid ads, diftinguifhing whether the faid ^^erg0„ * C perfons were enrolled as fubftitutes, or as perfons appointed or horfes; and ballotted for the fervice required by the faid ads, and when any to appoint the such perfon (hall be enrolled as fubftitutes, then alfo the names place and and places of abode of the perfons in lieu of whom they are ^^octying enrolled to ferve, which lifts the faid clerks (hall make out them, and to and return within ten days from the time of receiving any makethe fame order for that purpose; and the faid lieutenant or deputy iieute- known to the nants fhall alfo caufe one duplicate of such lifts to be tranfmitted *ree®^ to the receiver general of the duties ori horfes arifing in such caufenotiC:S county, riding, or place ; and that the faid lieutenant and deputy to be affixed -lieutenants refpedively (hall appoint the place and time ofaflem- 011 the bling for the purpose of being embodied, and caufe the fame to cwc es' be made known, in such manner as is direded by the militia laws for aftembling the militia, to the conftables, tythingmen, head-boroughs, or other officers of every parifh and place, and-by them to the feveral perfons enrolled by virtue of the faid ads, and alfo to the feveral perfons appointed or ballotted to provide for the fervice thereby requried, which notices the faid conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers, fhall caufe to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels belonging to their refpedive parifhes and places, or where there is no church or chapel, then on the door of the.church or chapel of fome adjoining pariffi or place ; and such notice fhall be deemed a fufficient notice to every perfon enrolled, and alfo to every perfon appointed or balloted to provide for the faid fervice by virtue of the faid ads; and the perfons who are enrolled fhall attend at the time and place mentioned in such notice, and those perfons who have been appointed or ballotted as aforefaid fhall provide for the faid fervice according to the diredions of the faid ads.

II.  And be it further enaded, That the faid conftables,

tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, fhall, before the 0n oath day appointed for aftembling such cavalry, make a return on what they path, or folemn affirmation, to be taken before any juftice of the have done, peace of such county, riding, or place, of what they ffiall  enroll

refpedively have done in the execution of this ad, in purfuance of ^ cannotbe* any order from the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforefaid \ found, Sec. to and if any perfon enrolled in the provifional cavalry cannot, at return the the time appointed for aftembling the fame, be found, or fhall be tame* dead, or enlifted in any of his Majesty’s regular forces, or

ferving on board any fhip or veftel in his Majesty’s navy, the faid conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, fhall make a return thereof upon oath, or folemn affirmation, to the beft of their knowledge and belief.

III.  And be it further enaded, That if any mare or gelding Ifthe deputy provided for the faid fervice, under and by virtue of the faid ads, be^dTatisfied fhall at the time of embodying such provifional cavalry, be W;th the value approved according to the faid ads, such mare or gelding, infetbythe

cafe

954

proprietor upon any horfe, it fhall be valued by two fkilful perfons, and the price not to exceed 2^1. to be paid by the receiver general if the horfe die. Sec.

Anno regni tricefimo odavo Georgii IIL c. 94. [1797*

cafe the deputy lieutenants there attending, {hall be diffatisfied with the value fet upon the fame by the proprietor thereof, (hall be forthwith valued by two fkilful perfons, to be named by the refpedive deputy lieutenants, according to the price at which the fame might be fold, such price not in any cafe to exceed the fum of twenty-five pounds, which valuation (hall be duly entered, by the d 1 red ion of the officer commanding such provifional cavalry, in the books provided for the laid provifional cavalry, and a certificate thereof given, by the officer commanding such provifional cavalry, to the perfon who (hall have provided such mare or gelding ; and if any such mare or gelding fhall die, or become unfit for fervice, and it fhall be thought expedient, that another mare or gelding fhould be provided for that fervice, according to the diredions of the faid ads, and an order lhould be made for that purpose, then the valued price of the fame fhall, on demand, and on a certificate of conformity to the provifions, before-mentioned, under the hand of the officer commanding the laid provifional cavalry, be paid to the perfon or perfons providing such mare or gelding, by the receiver general of the county, riding or place, where such perfon or perfons fhall refide, out of any monies in his hands, arifing either out of the monies raifed by virtue of the faid ads or this ad, or out of the duties on horfes, or other the duties receiveable by him as such receiver : provided always, That if the proprietor of any mare or gelding fo provided with the rice  diifatisfied  with  the valuation to be made as aforesaid,

may appeal to per fen may appeal to the deputy lieutenants at any fub-divilion meeting to beholden according to the faid ads, and the deputy lieutenants there prefent, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine such appeals, and their determination thereupon fhall be final.

IV. And be it further enaded, That in the feveral counties, ridings and places, where the men enrolled as provifional cavalry {hall be embodied, any two or more deputy lieutenants of the

Proprietors

clilTatisfied

a fubdiviiicn meeting.

Deputy lieutenants to conOder the claims, not

exceeding xol. county, riding, or place, for which such men {hall have been enrolled, fhall, as foon as may be, take into confideration the claims 10 be made by any perfon or perfons for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten pounds, in refped of each perfon fo enrolled as a fubfiitute, on his being embodied, and fhall examine into the fad of any contract being entered into for that purpose between such fubftitutes and their refpedive principals, and fhall receive evidence thereof, either by the regifiry of such contrad, or a copy thereof, or by the produdion cf such contrad, or where no such contrad fhall have been regiftered nor reduced into writing, then by the oath of the parties, or by the teftimony of any credible witnels or witneffes, which oath the faid deputy lieutenants are hereby authorifed to adminifter ; and the faid deputy lieutenants (hall, on proof of any such contrad to their fatisfadion, certify to the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, the number of perfons entitled to receive any fum of money by virtue of any such contrad, for

and

of perfons enrolled as fubftitutes, and on proof of contract, to certify the number of perfons entitled to receive money to the receiver general, who lhall pay it to the commanding officer,

1797-] Annofegni tricefimo odavo Georgn III. c. 94.  955

and inrefpedf of any such perfon ferving as afubflitute, fpecifying the amount of the fum to be paid to each perfon, and whether the fame, according to such contradf, is to be paid to such fub-ftitute, or the perfon providing such fubfritute ; and iuch receiver genera] is hereby required, within ten days after the receipt of such certificate, to ifTue and pay to the officer appointed to the command of such men, the feveral fums of money due in refpecfc of each of such fubftitutes, according to such contract fo certified, which commanding officer (hall forthwith pay the fame, according to the terms of the feveral contradfs fo certified as aforefaid.

V.  And be it further enabled, That where any perfons clafled Where clafles to raife provifional cavalry fhall have mutually agreed with, or have agreed made themfelves liable to each other, to defray and bear their t0 t*ie"ir refpedtive proportions in the expences of raifing a man and horfe, tlhe

or men and horfes, and of cloathing such man or men, and pro- expences of viding furniture and extra keep for such horfes, or where any men and perfon fhall have defrayed and borne the whole of such expences, ^Jre’an* and such perfons or perfon fhall not have rendered any account pgrfon (hall thereof to the deputy lieutenants, nor demanded or received any have borne of the allowances authorifed by the faid a£ls, for and on account the whole and of the provifional cavalry, it fhall and may be lawful for any two ^ga^^ance or more deputy lieutenants, and they are hereby required, at any received, the fubdivifion meeting, upon proofthereof by affidavitmade beforeany fubdivifion one or more of the juflices of the peace of the county or riding,'meetings to or magiftrates of the peace, within which such perfons fhall have tx/the been clafled or appointed, to certify the fame to the commiffioners jancj tax ofland tax for thediftridf within which such perfonsfhall have been commiffion-clafled or appointed, and the perfon in whole favourfuch certificates ei's, and the fhall be made, fhall thereupon and from thenceforth, during the confinue continuance of the payment of such expences, be freed and f0 ty0 pa^ ^all exonerated from the payment of any aflTeflrnent made, or to be be exempted made, for and on account of allowances paid or to be paid in from any such county, riding, or place, in refpedt of any men and horfes raifed by any other perfons in such county, riding, or place, ancj horfes and from all afieflments to be made in that behalf under and by raifed by any virtue of the faid adls of the thirty-feventh year of his Majefly’s other perfons, reign, or this adf: provided always, That if any aflefTment fhall or Q^0under have been made upon any perfon or perfons hereby declared to c'6# be freed and exonerated therefrom, such aflefTment fhall, as far ofthisadt. as regards such perfon or perfons, be void, and the Turns fo afiefied fhall be firudc out of the aflefTment upon such perfon or perfons as aforesaid, and fhall be added to the afleflments upon the reft of the perfons liable thereto in the fame fub-divifion.

VI.  And be it further enacled, That if any difpute fhall arife Juflices may between any perfons in any clafs or clafles, that fhall have determine entered into such agreement as aforesaid, touching the payment touching

of any proportion of the expences of such clafs or clafles in proportions of raifing and providing such man and horfe as aforesaid, or the expences of cloathing, furniture, and other articles diredted to be provided by the faid adts or this adf, it fhall and may be lawful,

Vol» XLI.  R r r  on

Anno regni tricefimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 94. [1797.

on complaint thereof made to any juftice of the peace for the county, riding, or place, within which such perfon {hall be clafied, for such juftice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such perfon,or any other witnefs or witnefl'es, touching the fame, and to make such order for the payment of the proportion of the expences of such clafs, to be borne by such perfon or perfons as to such juftice (hall feem juft and reafonable; and in cafe of refufal or nonpayment of any fums fo ordered to be paid by the fpace of fifteen days next after such determination, such juftice {hall and may ifiue forth his warrant to levy the fame by diflrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of such perfon or perfons, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such diflrefs and fale. -

VII. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon appointed to provide any man or men for the fervice required by the proper furni- a<^s’ or ^ any Per^on chofen by baliot to provide any man ture for them for the faid fervice, {hall not caufe to be produced to the lieute-

If cioathing for men, or if hgrfes or

be not provided, a fum equal to the etti mated allowance to be forfeited.

His Majesty may diiband the embodied provifioual

nant or deputy lieutenants, or to 'the officer appointed to have the command of the men when ordered to be embodied, fuitable cioathing for such man or for each of such men, or a mare or gelding fit for military dutv, for the ufe of such man or of each of such men fo to be provided by him or her, which fhall be approved of by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or by the officer or officers to be appointed to command such men as aforesaid, or proper furniture for each of such mares or geldings, according to the directions of the faid a&s, every such perfon (liall forfeit and pay, for his or her default in not caufing to be produced proper cioathing, a fum equal to the allowance eftimated, or to be eftimated, by the general meeting of lieutenancytobe made to any perfon for providing cioathing, in refpedlof such part thereof on which any default {hall have been made ; and for his or her default in not caufing to be produced a mare or gelding fit for military duty, (and which (hall be approved of as aforelaid), a fum equal to the compenfation fettled or to be fettled by the deputy lieutenants of the divifion to be made to any perfon ballotted to provide a mare or gelding in the cafe where such perfon (hall not have been poffeffed of any mare or gelding at the time of the ballot, or where the mare or gelding provided fhall not be approved of; and for his or her default in not caufing to be produced proper furniture for such mare or gelding, or for each of such mares or geldings, a fum equal to the allowance eftimated, or to be eftimated, by the faid general meeting of lieutenancy to be made to any; such perfon for providing such furniture according to the faid a£ts; which fums (hall be feverally adjudged by the deputy lieutenants according to the faid afts, and- afteffed, levied, and paid in manner herein directed.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That whenever his Majesty (hall think it expedient, it {hall be lawful to difband the embodied provifional cavalry of any county, riding, or place, and for that

purpofe

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 94.  957

purpofe to caufe the faid cavalry to be marched to any place or cavalry of any places within their refpe&ive counties and ridings, to be there.thtii^horleS difcharged from a&ual fervice, and every perfon (hall, at the £-c< thall be’ time of his difcharge, deliver up the mare or gelding, arms, delivered up; furniture, and other articles, which (hall have been turn ifhed but all perfons under and by virtue of the faid a (51 s, to such perfons as fhall be ^^toferve appointed by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants to receive the when his fame, such part thereof as (hall have been furnifhed by in- Majesty fhall dividuals, in purfuance of the faid a£ts, to be received to the think it ex.-ufe of the refpe&ive perfons furnishing the fame, and the fame Ped*ent* fhall be forthwith delivered to such and the fame perfons refpecftively furnifhing the fame, if any (hall be there attending at the time of such difcharge; and the faid perfons fo to be difcharged, whether such perfons fhall have ferved as principals from being appointed or ballotted for such fervice in purfuance of the faid adts, or as fubftitutes, and alfo the perfons appointed or ballotted, and who fhall have provided such fubftitutes as aforesaid, fhall, notwithftanding such difcharge, continue liable to perform the like fervices whenever his Majesty fhall think it expedient to order the provifional cavalry to be embodied, and fhall in all refpedts, after such difbanding and difcharge, be confidered as perfons enrolled in the faid provifional cavalry, and liable from time to time to the like fervice as any other perfons enrolled in the provifional cavalry are liable to, in virtue of the faid former a6ls or this a6t.

IX.  And be it further enacfted, That in such of the counties, Perfons ^ ridings, or places, in which the provifional cavalry raifed therein enr°hed in fhall not have been ordered to be embodied, all perfons enrolled cavalry not therein, who fhall, at any previous mufter, confent to receive the embodied who bounty herein-after mentioned, may be called out for the fhall confent purpose of being trained and exercifed for such fpace of time, and J-° re<:e,ve

at such time or times in the year as fhall feem expedient to be^trained^

his Majesty; and it fhall be lawful for his Majesty to caufe the &c.

men to be fo trained and exercifed by regiment, battalion, or

independent company, under such officers and non-commiftioned

officers as fhall be appointed under the regulations of the faid

a61s ; and during such time as the provifional cavalry of any

county, riding, or place, fhall be affembled for the purpose of

being trained and exercifed, all the claufes, provifions, matters, and

things contained in any act of parliament which fhall be then in

force for the punifhing munity and defertion, and for the better

payment of the army and their quarters, fhall be in force with

refped to the provifional cavalry fo affembled, and to all the

officers, non-commiffioned officers and private men of the fame,

in all cafes whatfoever, but fo as no punifhment fhall extend

to lofs of life or limb.

X.  And be it further eha&ed, That every perfon enrolled in Perfons

the provifional cavalry of any county, riding, or place, who fhall enrol‘e5h r ,  J  ,  ,  J  •  1 r 0 r -r  appearing at

appear at the time and place appointed tor exercife, according the time and

to the dire&ions of this a<ft, fhall be entitled to the fum of two place appoint-

guineas, over and above his pay, to be allowed curing the ed forexcrcife,

R RR2  exercife,  £|,'*ntlUcd

Gc jle

958 Anno regni tricefimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 94. [1797.

guineas above exercife, and the receiver general of the land tax for such county, whin?th- riding, or place, is hereby required, on receipt of the certificate receiver gene- °f commanding officer, of the number of men attending ral of the such exercife, as herein-afrer is directed, to' pay to the captains land tax or officers commanding troops refpeclively, the faid fum for the the^ <?mrnar.d u^e  ever^ Pe,f°n °f the faid cavalry fo attending, and one

ing^fice^of" guinea °f each fum fo received by any captain or officer com-troops.  manding any troop, or fo much thereof as he fhall think proper,

fhall be laid out in the manner he fhall think moft advantageous for the refpeclive perfons of the faid cavalry, and such captain or commanding officer fhall forthwith pay the other guinea of the faid money to the perfons refpebfively, and fhall before the expiration of the time appointed for such exercife, account to such perfon how the fir ft-mentioned guinea hath been applied and difpofed of.

Notice of the XI. And be it further enabled, That whenever his Majesty of*ex^rdfe*toC  have appointed the time or times of aflembling the pro-

be fent by the vifional cavalry of any county, riding, or place, for the purpose clerk of the  of being trained and exercifed, notice of the time and place of

general meet-  such exercife fhall be  fent by the clerk of the general meetings

chl'^corT  of lieutenancy to the  chief conftables or other officers of the

/tables to laid hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divifions, forward.to the with directions to forward the fame to, the conftables, tything-con(tables to men, headboroughs, or other officers, within their respective church°door s jurifdiclions, who refpeblively fhall caufe such notices as afore-and the provi- Ibid, to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels (lonal cavalry, belonging to their refpebtive parifties, tythings, or places, or properly  (where there fhall be  no church or chapel) on the door of the

fhaU attend  church or chapel of  ibme pariffi, tything, or place thereunto

accordingly, adjoining; and all such provifional cavalry, being furnifhed with such cloathing and horfe furniture as is direbled by the faid abls, and alfo with a mare or gelding fit for military duty, fhall attend at the time and place of exercife according to

..  such  notice.

cavnlrvMnay XII. And be it further enabled. That it fhall be lawful to be billttted as quarter and billet the officers and private men ferving in the the militia. provifional cavalry, at the times when they fhall be called out to be trained and exercifed, in such houfes and upon such perfons as the militia may by law be quartered and billetted during the

times of their annual exercife.

Persons  XIII. And be it further enabled, That the feveral

Trainc^ina ^ Perf°ns enrolled as aforesaid, who (hall not be embodied b^orciered^by ^ut fhall be ordered to be trained and exercifed for the his Majesty to time herein mentioned, whether such perfons fhall attend be embodied, such training and exercifing or not, be liable to be embodied ^c*  whenever his Majesty fhall think fit; and that the perfons

. appointed or ballotted to provide for the fervice required by the faid abls, in the county, riding, or place, where such training and exercifing fhall be ordered, fhall at all times, when not ordered to be fo trained or embodied, alfo be liable from time to time to the

like

1797'] Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 94.  959

like fervices as any other perfons enrolled in the provifional cavalry are liable to in virtue of the faid former a£ts or this a£t,

XIV.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if. If within a within twenty days from the paffing of this adt, a fufficient aftjfficiellt6 number of officers refpedtively qualified in the manner required by numher of the laws relating to the militia, fhall not be found to accept qualified of-commiffions in the provifional cavalry, it (hall be lawful for his beers ihallnot Majefly to appoint for that fervice any officer or officers of the

army, whether on full or half pay, or any perfon or perfons who appomt offil have had commiffions in the army or militia, and have retired cers of the therefrom, or who have ferved in any of the land forces of the army, or reunited company of merchants trading to the Eafl Indies, and f who have either returned therefrom or are refident in Great  or

Britain with the leave of the faid united company, although not Eaft India of-duly qualified as aforesaid, as to his Majefly fhall feem fit. ficers, though

XV.  And be it further enadled. That, from and after the not <Iuahfied. paffing of this a6I, it fhall be lawful for the receiver general to

advance, out of any monies in his hands as such receiver gene- van'ce any~ ral, and pay to any perfon or perfons entitled to receive the money le-fame, any fum or fums of money diredled to be paid on account gaily directed of the faid provifional cavalry, either by the faid adfs or this adf, a° PfVj!> on delivering to him or his deputy a proper certificate under the f^eto hands of any two deputy lieutenants or jufiices of the peace, or the commif-any of them, authorifed to adt as deputy lieutenants in the exe- fioners for cution of the faid a£ts or this a6t, which feveral fums fo to be advanced by such receivers general, they fhall from time to time, ^ 4rf which as such advances fhall be made, caufe to be certified under their (hall be af-refpedfive hands, or the hands of their refpe&ive deputies, to fefied as the commiffioners for executing an ad! of the prefent feffion of herein men* parliament, intituled. An aft for repealing the duties upon malelxou * fervants, carriages, horfes^ mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majefly other duties in lieu thereof; and all such fums fo certified fhall, by force and virtue of such certificate, be afTeffed on all and every the perfons liable to the duties on horfes ufed for the purpose of riding, or of drawing any carriages mentioned in the faid adfc of the prefent feffion, in proportion to, and according to the number of such horfes for which they (hall refpeflively be charged by any afleffment to be made under and by virtue of the faid adf of the prefent feffion, (except the perfons compofing any clafs, which fhall, by contract or agreement, defray and pay the whole or any proportion of the charges attending the lervice required from such clafs, as to all such fums of which such clafs fhall have defrayed and paid its juft proportion as aforefaid), which afiefiments fhall be made by adding the proportion of such fum fo advanced to each per Ton’s alleflfnent of the duties on horfes; and all fums of money already advanced Money alrea-by such receivers general, or any of them, in purfuance of the advanced faid adfs, and not before aflefied, fhall, as foon after the paffing ge^raUo^b^ of this adt as can be done conveniently, by virtue of the like aflefied in like certificates, be aflefied and levied in like manner; and all such manner, fums as fhall be fo certified before any afleHment for the prefent

E r R 3  '  year

If certificates be tranfmitted after the af-fe Aments for the prefent year fhall be allowed, they (hall be

ded collected.

Anno regni trlcefimo odavo Georgii III. c. 94, [1797.

year fhall have been figned and allowed, fhall be added thereto at the time of making such afl’efiment; and the fums fo afiefied fhall be raifed, levied, and paid, together with and as a part of the duties charged on such horfes; and in cafe any certificate fhall be tranfmitted by such receivers general after the afiefiments to be collected in the prefent year fhall be figned and allowed, it fhall be lawful for the commifiioners of the divifion where such afiefiments are made, and they are hereby required to amend the fame, by adding the proportion of such fums to each perfon’s amended, and afleflment, and by, amending the fame accordingly ; and the the fums ad. fums fo added from time to time fhall be collected on the days of payment for the year in which such afiefiments fhall be fo amended, enfuing the time and times of making any such amendments, by even and equal portions, fo that the whole fums advanced by the receiver general, and certified in manner aforesaid, in any year, fhall be fully colleded and re-imburfed to the revenue in the. year in which the fame fhall be fo certified ; and all afiefiments made or to be made after the year when any fum or fums fhall have been advanced by such receivers genera!, fhall be valid and efredual ; and all such com-miiTioners, and perfons acting under them or by their authority,. in making such afiefiments, or in collecting, paying, or receiving the lame, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, fhall be and are hereby freed and difcharged, and indemnified from ajl actions and fuits whatfoever, and from all damages for whatever they fhall 'do or caufe to be done in purfuance of this ad, and for whatever they (hall have done or caufed to be done, according to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XVI.  And be it further enaded, That the like allowances fhall be paid to the clerks to the commifiioners, and to the col-ledors and receivers, for the monies afiefied, colleded, and received by them, in purfuance of the faid ads of the lafi: fefiion or this ad, as they are entitled to out of the monies afiefied, collected, and received for the faid duties on horfes, and that such allowances fo made (hall be deemed an advance made by the refpedive receivers general, which they fhall certify in the manner before directed, and which (hall be reimburled to them out of the monies to be afiefied, raifed, and levied, by virtue of this ad, in the fubfequent afiefiment.

XVII.  And be it further enaded, That whenever any fums of money fhall be adjudged by the deputy lieutenants to be paid

clerks, conftabies, or other officers, for their care and in and about the execution of the faid ads of the lafi:

Allowances to be made to the clerks to the commif-fioners, and the collectors and receivers.

Rewards to clerks, &c. for their trouble, to be certified tothe trouble

commiffion- fefiion of parliament, or either of them, or of this ad, or to any cauY'the fame  furvcTors to  appointed to execute the faid ad of the

to be afiefied. Pre^eilt fefiion of parliament, or who have been appointed to execute any ad or ads relative to the duties on houfes, which were repealed by the faid ad of the prefent fefiion, for their pains and trouble in executing the faid ads of the lafi: fefiion of parliament, or either of them, or this ad, which rewards the faid deputy lieutenants are hereby required to allow to the faid fur-

veyors.

1797-1 Anno regni tricefimo o£tavo Georgii Iff. c. 94.  -  961

veyors, according to the rules prefcribed by the faid acts with refpedt to other officers, the fame fhali, after payment thereof be certified to the refpedtive commiffioners before-mentioned, who (hall caufe the fame to be a defied, levied, paid, and received, as other fums are hereby directed to be affefied, paid, levied, and received.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted, That it fhali be lawful Perfons en-

for any perfons who (hall have enrolled themfelves fubfequent ro\*ccUn aiT / r  *  i  volunteer

to the fourteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and corpS ca-

ninety-seven, or may enrol themfelves before or on the firfi day valry, within of Auguji next, in any volunteer corps of cavalry raifed or to be a certain pe-raifed under the authority of any adt or adts of parliament in force, voluntarily to offer themfelves at any time on or before 1798, to the faid firfi day of Auguji next, to ferve during the prefent war ferve for any for any fubdivifion of the county, riding, or place, where such fubdivifion of corps (hall be formed, on the conditions mentioned in this adt, condiuoiis infiead of the privifional cavalry appointed to ferve for such fub- mentioned in divifion; and every perfon belonging to any troop or corps of this a<ft, involunteer cavalry already formed, or which fhali be formed un- ftead of the

der the authority aforesaid, at any time before or on the faid firfi Provjfi°rial j  ^  j  cavalry *

day of Auguji next, (being, together with such mare or gelding ; 9

as (hall be furnifhed by or for him for that fervice, firfi approved

of in the manner diredted by the faid adts of the laft feffion of

parliament, or either of them), may be enrolled in purfuance of

this adt to ferve during the prefent war, under the command of

fuch general officer as his Majefiy fhali appoint, for thediftridt

in which such corps (hall be formed ; and in every cafe where and where the

the number of men fo enrolled fubfequent to the faid fourteenth XQj^er^bfe

day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or qUent’to

to be enrolled as-aforefaid for any such fubdivifion, fhali, on or i4, T707,

before the firfi: day of Augufi next, amount to three fourth parts fhali, on or

of the number of men diredfed to be raifed for the provifional betore Aug. r,

cavalry of such fubdivifion,. the lieutenants or deputy lieutenants to^three101111

acting for such county, riding, or place, fhali forthwith certify fourths of the

the fame to his Majefiy’s privy council, and the faid council are quota of the

hereby empowered, in such cafe, to caufe the men enrolled in fubdivifion, the

the provifional cavalry of such fubdivifion, by virtue of the faid certified to the

adts, and alfo the mares and geldings provided for that fervice, privy council,

to be difcharged by proclamation or otherwife, as the faid coun- who may or-

cil fhali think fit, and to fufpend, within such fubdivifion ofoff™rTof

fuch county, riding, or place, the further execution of the faid the provifional

adts of the lafi feffion of parliament, fo far as refpedts the fer- cavalry to be

vice required by the faid adls, in all things'except as to the af- difcharged,

feffing, raifing, levying, and paying any fum or fums of money, ^c*

which the receiver general for such county, riding, or place,

fhali have certified, or fhali from time to time certify to have

been advanced by him, in purfuance of the faid adts or this adt:

provided always, That no such volunteer corps fhaliliable Volunteer

to be called out, except in cafe of adtual invalion, or of the ac- corPs to be

tual appearance of the enemy on the coaft, or of the danger of ^ certain00 ^

invafion being deemed imminent, according to the provifions of occafione.

R R R 4  an

962.

Anno regni tricefimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 94. [1 797.

an aft, pafled in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An

aft to enable his Majcfty more effectually to provide for the defence and fecurity of the realm during the prefent war, and for indemnifying perfons who may fuffer in their property, by such me a fares as may be neceffary for that purpose, and under the circumftances therein mentioned.

Volunteer XIX. And be it further enabled, That every such volunteer corPs of cavalry which (hall offer to ferve in Head of the faid Head of the provilional cavalry, in purfuance of this a£l, fhall be entitled, provifional on an application in writing being made by the commanding cavalry, to be officer of such corps to the fecretary at war, in the manner to aUowance°atn hereafter mentioned, to an allowance, after the rate of three the rate of pounds and three {hillings for each perfon enrolled in the faid three guineas corps, per annum, for three years, to be applied in providing for three cloathing and accoutrements, and for extra expences, unlefs forrSrovidiifn*  corPs ^ave P^evioully received the like fum out of the

cloathing, &c. monies voted by parliament towards defraying the charge of cloathing and accoutrements for fundry corps of volunteer cavalry for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or fo much thereof as, together with the fum received out of the faid monies, will make up the like fum at the rate aforesaid, which fum fhall be paid in advance by the receiver genera] of the county, riding, or place in which such corps fhall be formed, on the application in writing of the commanding officer of such corps, certified by a'ny two or more deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, to the fecretary at war, fpecifying the dates of the formation of such corps, and the enrolment therein of each perfon for whom this fum may fie claimed, and of the fum to which he may be entitled in purfuance of this a6f, and ftating the funis (if any) already received by such corps out of the monies voted by parliament as aforesaid, which certificate, being tranfmitted to the commiffioners tor the affairs of taxes, with the approbation of the fecretary at war inderfed thereon, fhall be a Sufficient authority to the faid commiffioners to diredt the proper receiver general to pay inch fums as may appear due by such certificate.

ed^S  XX. And be it further enacted. That all such fums which

ceiveT genera] any receiver general fhall advance to such volunteers in purfuance tobereim- of this a£t, fhall be reimburfed by afieffment, within the period barfed by af- of three yeats, from the fifth day of April next before the paffing (eflment. 0f

is a£1, in the manner before diredied ; and that the proportion of one third of the whole fum to be advanced, as nearly as a computation thereof can be made, fhall be levied in each of Men may be the faid three )'ears-

enrolled be-' XXI. And be it further enadfed, That if any perfon appointed fore Aug. r, to provide a man or men for the fervice of the faid provifional fen^dbleVa16 cava^7> or any Per^on baliotted to provide a man for that fer-v.dry, and ac- v^ce? or if the perfons composing any clafs having agreed with cepted in lieu each other to provide for such fervice, fhall, at any time of men to be before the ffirft day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and theprovl/onal ninety~e*S^t? produce or cuufe to be produced to the command-cavalry, Sc c.  inS

1797*1 Anno regni tricefimo otftavo Georgii III. c. 94.  963

ing officer of any corps of fencible cavalry, railed to ferve in Great Britain during the prefent war, or to any officer appointed by his Majesty, or by such commanding officer, with the approbation of his Majeffiy, one fit and able-bodied man for each of the men fo directed to be provided, who fhall caufe himfelf to be enrolled to ferye in such fencible corps of cavalry within Great Britain during the prefent war, then the fervice of such men fo enrolled fhall be accepted in lieu of the fervice required by the faid a<£ts; and the perfons appointed or ballotted to provide for such fervice, and alfo the clafs agreeing to provide for such fervice, (hall, on the certificate of such commanding officer or officers, to be appointed as aforesaid, of the enrolment of such fencible men, be difeharged from any further fervice under the faid ads, either by providing any men or cloathing, or by furnifhing any mares or geldings, or furniture for the fame, and alfo from any charge or expence to be incurred in refped of the faid provifional cavalry, at any time after the date of such enrolment; and if any perfon fhall be charged with any fum or fums of money incurred after the date of such enrolment, it fhall be lawful for him or her to appeal therefrom, in like manner, and under the like terms and conditions as such perfon may by law appeal from any overcharge in any afieffment of the duties upon horfes.

XXII.  And be it further enabled, That every perfon offering Perfons offer-

himfelf to ferve in any fencible corps of cavalry, in lieu of the thS iencible ^ faid provifional force of cavalry, fhall take the fame oath as may cavalry to take have been taken by the private men of the corps in which he an oath, which may enter ; which oath may be adminiife.red by any one deputy rnj^ be ad mi-lieutenant or jufiice of the peace in any county, riding, or place, JJ^puty lieute-where such perfon (hall be enrolled.  nant or jufiice.

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if if in any place in any of the counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, the pro- the provifional vifional force of cavalry railed therein by virtue of the laid acts, cavalry ihall fhall not be difeharged in purfuance of this ad, before or on

the,palling of this act, no greater allowance fhall thenceforth be lore or on ' made to any perfon or perfons towards difeharging the expences palling this of providing any mare or gelding lor that fervice, than fhall be ad, no more allowed by the lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting of lieutenancy to apowec[ for be held for that purpole, and that such allowance Ihall in no each horfe. cafe exceed the rate of two (hillings weekly in rclpeci of each such mare or gelding.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted. That if any perfon en- Weekly al-rolled to ferve in the faid provifional force of cavalry raifed by lowanfceoutof virtue of the faid adfs, Ihall, when ordered out to be embodied, belaid to the leave a family unable to fupport themfeives, (or ihall, when or- families of dered out to be trained and exercifed, be compelled to leave his provifional home, having a family unable to fupport themfeives), the over- ca^lT^Tn feer or overfeers of the poor of the patifh, ty thing, or place diedor leaving where the family of such perfon fhall dwell, Ihall, by order of home to be forne one jufiice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief of trained*

the poor of such panto, ty thing, or place, pay to such family

the

9<H

If a p^vfon has kept an additional hcrfe for military ft v vice, he (bail be exempted from duty for him.

Anno regni tricefimooftavo Georgii III. c. 94. [1797.

the following weekly allowance; (that is to fay), A fum not exceeding one (hilling for each and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and a fum not exceeding one (hilling for the wife of the perfon fo enrolled and ferving as aforesaid, whether he (hall or (hall not have any child or children ; and in every parifh, tything, or place, where the money arifmg by such rates (hall not be fufficient for the purpose aforesaid, a new rate (hall be made from time to time for raifing fums fufricient for that purpose.

XXV.  And be it further enadted, That if any perfon fhall have provided a mare or gelding for the faid fervice, who at the time of the order made for providing such mare or gelding (hall not have had any mare or gelding fit for military fervice, which fhall have been accepted, and if in confequence of such refufal such perfon (hall have provided and kept an additional mare or gelding beyond the ufual number kept by, and then actually charged upon him or her, then such perfon (hall be exempted from any charge or afleffment on account of such additional mare or gelding to any rate or duty impofed by any a£f or a£ts now in force, either for granting to his Majesty any duty on horfes, or to the additional duties granted to his Majesty by an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war; and such perfon (hall be liable to be charged to the faid duties in refpedt of the horfes, mares, or geldings kept by him or her, excluftve of the mare or gelding fo provided for the faid fervice.

XXVI.  And be it further enabled. That in every cafe where the provifional cavalry (hall be embodied, all the duties granted by the a£ls before-mentioned, in refpedl of the mares or geldings provided for that fervice, (hall ceafe from the day-of payees ie from the ment next after the date of the order for embodying-the fame ; day of pay- and every such exemption (hall continue in

^me *be cavaIry being embodied.

1 ^ XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the refpedlive com-m’uTioners for executing; the faid feveral acts (hall caufe the

The duties for horfes provided for the provifional cavalry fir a 11

force during; the

O

refpedt of any mares to be rectified

according

or geldings provided for to the diredtions of

Afitffments to 1

be rectified, aftefiments in

the faid fervice, this adt.

Subftitutes XXVIII. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may may be  be lawful for any perfon who (hall have found, or (hall hereafter

changed. find a fubfiitute in the (aid provifional cavalry at any time, with the confent of two deputy lieutenants or juftices of the peace "of the county, riding, or place, adling for the fubdivifion in or for which he (hall have fo found such fubftitute, to change such fubftitute, and procure another perfon to be enrolled in Leu of such fubftitute, and thereupon the perfon previoufiy enrolled as a fubftitute (hall be difeharged from the fame; and every perfon fo enrolled in lieu of the perfon difeharged as aforefaid (hall be duly cloathed and accoutred, and ferve in the faid provifional cavalry, in like manner as the former fubftitute would otherwife have been cloathed and accoutred, and have ferved in the fame.

AN

A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

TO THE

SECOND PART of the XLP VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

Paffed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George III. in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, being the fecond Seffion of the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the fecond Day of November out thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and ended by prorogation the nineteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

A.

.Addrejfes of Houfe of Commons,

10,043/. 6s. 4d. iffued purfuant to addrefles of the houfe of commons. Chap. 90.

Adminif ration,

For the adminiftration of affcts in cafes where the executor to whom probate has been granted is out of the realm. Chap. 87.

Admiralty.

See Cutters. Chap. 33.

Africa.

13,0001. for forts there. Chap. 90.

Agriculture, Board of.

3,000/. for the board of agriculture. Chap. 90.

Alderney.

See Guernfey. Chap. 29*

Aliens.

1.  To continue and amend an a<ft refpecling aliens in this kingdom. Chap. 50. 77.

2.  2,600/. for expences of the alien a6I. Chap. 90.

3.  1,000/. more for the fame. Same adt.

America.

1.  His Majesty may add a fifth battalion to the fixtieth regiment of •infantry, and foreigners may ferve therein in America. Chap. 13.

2.  A claufe in 29 Geo. 2. c. 5. to enable his Majefly to grant com-mifiions to foreign proteffants repealed. Same a£t, ft 3.

3.  See JVcjl Indies. Chap. 39.

4.  See Coin. Chap. 67.

5.  52,500/. upon account of reduced officers of the Britijb American forces, and 7,500/. for allowances to them. Chap. 90.

American Loyalifts. 44,000/. for American Chap. 90.

loyalifts.

American

g66  Auc

American Sufferers.

49,978/. 7s. 6d. for relief of Ame~ rican iuffereis. Chap. 90.

American Treaty.

38,516/. 16s. 2\d. awarded under the American treaty. Chap. 90.

Annuities.

Contributors towards raifing fe~ venteen millions, for every 100/. entitled to the principal fum of 150/. three per cent, confolidated annuities from Jen. 5, 1798; a principal of 5c/. three per cent. reduced annuities from April 5, 1798 ; and an annuity of 45. ud. from April 5, 1798, for fixty-one years and nine months. Chap. 37.

Appeals in Prize Caufcs.

For enlarging the time of appealing in prize caufes, and for permitting appeals to be profecuted after such time fhall have elapfed, in such fpe-cial caufcs as his Majesty by any order in council lhali authorife. Chap. 38.

Armorial Bearings.

A flamp duty on certificates iffued with refpecl to armorial bearings or enbgns. Chap. 53.

Affejfnents.

perfons alTeffed to the duties on male fervants, carriages, horfes for riding or drawing carriages, or the duties on houfes, windows, dogs, or clocks or watches, to pay an additional duty on the amount of the laft aiTeffment prior to 'April 6,

1798.  Chap. 16. 81.

Auctioneers.

1.  Penalty on auctioneers not paying

duties on fales in legal time.

Chap. 54. f. 2.

2.  If auctioneers make overpayments

of duties, commiffioners of excife

Buf

or juftices where the fale was made may relieve them. Chap. 54. h 3.

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,10c/. for the civil eftabl Kliment there. Chap. 90.

Bank of England.

See Cajh. . Chap. 1.

Barracks.

520,717/. for the barrack department. Chap. 90.

Batteries.

For making compenfation to the proprietors of lands purchafed in purluance of an a<5t for better fecur-ing his Majesty’s batteries in Kent and Devon, Chap. 34.

Beer.

To obtain the drawback on beer, oath mu if be made by the brewer or exporter. Chap. 54. f. 4.

Bermuda.

580/. for the civil eftablifliment of

the Bermuda or Somers IJlands. Chap. 90.

Bread.

See Salt. Chap. 62.

Britifh Mufeum.

3,coo/, for the Britifh mufeum. Chap. 90.

Bufls.

For encouraging the art of making new models and cafts of bufts. Chap. 71,

Buttes*

Caf Butter.

To amend an ad to prevent abufes and frauds in the packing, weight and fale of butter. Chap. 73.

c

Cambricks.

TO continue ad 37 Geo. 3. c. 72.

for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns, not being of the manufadure of Ireland. Chap. 3.

Canada, Upper.

7,150/. for the civil effablifhment there. Chap. 90.

Breton, 7/7^/zd 0/.

1,840/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 90.

Cape of Good Hope.

To continue an a<$l for regulating the trade to and from the Cape of Good Hope. Chap. 9.

Carriages.

I. S?£ Affeffments. Chap. 16.

2.  For repealing the duties on carriages, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 4r.

3.  See Coachmakers. Chap. 54.

Carts.

For ascertaining the duty payable on taxed carts. Chap. 93.

Cafh.

To amend and continue until one month after the conclufion of the prefent war, ad 37 Geo. 3. c. 91. for the reftridion on payments of cafh by the bank. Chap. 1.

Clo  967

Cafls.

Sto Bufs. Chap. 71.

Cavalry.

1.  For authorifmg the billetting of such troops of yeomanry cavalry as may be defirous of afiembling for the purpose of being trained together. Chap. 51.

2.  Perfons furnifhing horfes for volunteer cavalry exempt from duty on them, charged by 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. Same ad, f. 6.

3.  130,000/. for the provifional cavalry. Chap. 90.

4.  For the regulation of the provifional force of cavalry raifed by virtue of two ads of laft feliion of parliament. Chap. 94.

,  Chelfea Hofpital.

1.  116,167/. 4s. 3d. for the out-pen-fioners of Chelfea hofpital. Chap. 90.

2.  26,547/. 171. 6d. for the in-pen-fioners. Same ad.

Cinnamon.

For regulating the payment of the

duties on cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace; and for granting

additional duties thereon. Chap.

68.

Cities.

See Corporations. Chap. 52.

Clocks.

r. See Ajpjfmsntt. Chap. 16.

2.  The duties thereon repealed. Chap. 40.

Cloves.

See Cinnamon. Chap. 68.

Coach-

968

Cor

Coachmakers.

Coachmakers to give an account, on oath, to the excife of the name and place of abode of perfons for whom new carriages are made. Chap. 54. f. 1.

Cocoa.

See Cujloms. Chap. 33.

Coffee.

See Cujloms. Chap. 33.

Coin.

To prevent the exportation of bafe coin to the Weji Indies and America. Chap. 67#

Coiners.

*2,024/. or. 9 V/. tor profecution of coiners. Chap. 90.

Commiffioners.

See Ttf*. Chap. 26.

Commons, Houje 0/.

1.  2,542/. 1 or. 6i. for fitting up houfes for the fpeaker and ferjeant at arms. Chap. 90.

2.  7,000/. for printing for the houfe of commons. Same act.

3.  360/. or. 3d. more. Same ad.

Contribution.

See Affeffments. Chap. 16.

Convifts.

1.  33,325/. 175. for expences of convicts at home. Chap. 90.

2.  3,338/. 17s. S^d. more for the fame. Same ad.

Corn.

To continue fo much of an ad as relates to the exportation or carry-

Cut

ing coaftwife of wheat, &c, or to the importation of beans, &c. and foreign wheat, &c. may be iith ported duty free in certain cafes. Chap. 10.

Corporations.

To regulate the trial of caufes, indidments, and other proceedings which arife within the counties of certain cities and t;owns corporate within this kingdom. Chap. 52.

Cotton.

See Flax and Cotton. Chap. 35.

Curates.

See Stamps. Chap. 56.

Cujloms.

1.  Commiffioners of cuftoms m?y permit warehoufed coffee and cocoa to be removed from the port of importation for exportation. Chap. 33. f. 10.

2.  Commiffioners of cuftoms may return duties on goods loff or de-ftroyed before landing, on proof that it was by unavoidable accident. Same ad, f. 1 r.

3.  For the better protedion of the trade of tins kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of Ihips entering outwards or inwards until figning the preliminary articles of peace. Chap. 76.

4. For abolifhing certain offices in the cuftoms, and for regulating other offices therein, and for applying the fees which have been received from vacant offices towards the augmentation of' the fuperannuation fund. Chap. 86.

Cutters.

From July r, 1798, any cutter, &c. for which licence fhall have

been

969

■  Dun

been obtained from the admiralty, ufed in any other trade than that for which licenfed, may be feized. Chap. 33. f. 12.

D.

Davis's Streights.

SeE FJb cries. Chap. 35.

Devon.

See Kent, County of. Chap. 90.

Dijlilleries.

1.  To revive and continue until March j, 1798, a£t 37 Geo. 3. c. 102. relating to the duty on dif-tilleries in Scotland. Chap. 11.

2.  Further continued to May 1. Chap. 31.

3.  To revive, continue, and amend a£f 37 Geo. 3. c. 102. for granting additional duties on diftilleries in Scotland, and for granting additional duties on fpirits diftilled for confumption, and a duty on unmalted grain uTed in diPtillation in Scotland, and for altering and amending other a6ts for the regulation of diftilleries in Scotland. Chap. 92.

Dogs.

I. *See Ajfejfments. Chap. 16.

2- For repealing the duties on dogs, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 41.

Dominica, IJland of*

600/. for the civil eftablilhment there. Chap, 90.

Duncan, Vifcount.

An annuity of 2,000/. a year fettled on lord vifcount Duncan, and the two next fucceeding heirs to his title. Chap. 22.

Fa!

E.

Enjigns.

SEE Armorial Bearings. Chap. 53.

Executor. .

See Adminif ration. Chap. 87.

Exchequer Bills.

1.  The treafury mayraife 3,000,000/. by loans or exchequer bills for the fervice of the year 1798. Chap. 8.

2.  The treafury may raife 3,000,000/. more. Chap. 20.

3.  The treafury may raife 3,500,000/. more. Chap. 82.

4.  The treafury may raife 3,000,000/. more. Chap. 83.

5.  The treafury may raife 1,750,000/. more. Chap. 84.

6.  The treafury mayraife 1,000,CO 0/# more. Chap. 90.

7.  3,500,000/. for difcharging exchequer bills made out under 37 Geo. 3. 0.114* Chap. 90.

8.  The treafury may raife 3,000,000/. more. Chap. 91.

Excife.

See Tea. Chap. 42. See Coach-makers. Chap. 54. See Salt. Chap.

89*

Exportation.

See Order in Council. Chap. 33.

F.

Falmouth.

RAW BACK on wines by 33 Geo. 3. c, 48, to extend to the port of Falmouth. Chap. 33. f. 15.

Fijberies•

970

Gla

Fifheries.

1.  For the further fupport- and en-couragemetu of the fifheries in Greenland leas and Davis’s freights continued. Chap. 35.

2.  For further encouraging the fou-thern whale fifheries. Chap. 57.

3.  To continue an ad for encouragement of the Britijh fifheries. Chap. 58.

Flax and Cotton.

For encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton. Chap.

35-

France.

1.  See Switzerland, Chap, 45. f. 7.

2.  To prevent, during the' war, his Majesty’s fubjedls from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, and to prevent correfpondence with such perfons, and with his Ma-jefly’s enemies. Chap. 79.

3.  i6S,ooo/. for relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. Chap. 90.

4.  12,677I. 12s. id. more for the fame purpose. Same ad.

French Lawns.

See Cambricks. Chap. 3.

1.  TRACKAGES containing un-JL framed glafs imported to be marked “ Glafs ” on penalty of forfeiture. Chap. 33. f. 6.

2.  Glafs imported in packages not containing five hundred weight forfeited, but not to extend to plates iixty inches long. Same ad, f. 8.

Her

3.  For better fecuring the duties on glafs continued. Chap. 35.

Gold Plate.

See Watch Cafes. Chap. 24.

Gold Wans.

' For allowing gold wares to be manufactured at a fiandard lower than is now allowed by law. Chap. 69.

Greenland Seas.

See Fifheries. Chap. 35.

Guernfey.

To revive and continue during the war an a61 for permitting the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat, &c. to the iflands of Guernjey, Jerjiy, and Alderney. Chap. 29*

H.

Halifax, York/hire.

FOR vefting lands in Halifax, York/hire, in truftees difeharged from all claims of the crown in re-fpedt of any forfeiture by ftatutes of ' mortmain. Chap. 49.

Hajling's, Mr.

1* 261/. 15s. 6d. to Henry Barlow, efq. for his attendance during the trial of Mr. Hafings. Chap. 90. 2. 547/* 12s. to Robert Fludfon, efq. for colledting papers for an appendix to the evidence on Mr. Haft-ings trial. Same ad.

Horfes.

1. See AJfffments. Chap. 16.

2. For repealing the duties on horfes

and

Ken

and for granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 41.

3.  See Cavalry. Chap. 51. f. 6.

Houfes.

See Affeffments. Chap. 16.

Houfes, Windows o,nd Lights.

For granting duties on houfes, windows and lights, and on inhabited houfes, and repealing former duties. Chap. 40.

Hydrometer.

For afcertaining the ftrength of fpi-rits by Clarke’s hydrometer continued. Chap. 35.

I.

Jerfey.

See Guernfey. Chap. 29.

Invafion.

To enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and fecurity of the realm during the prefent war; and for indemnifying perfons who may fuffer in their property by such meafures as may be neceffary for that purpole. Chap. 27.

Ireland.

1.  See Cambricks. Chap. 3.

2.  See Sail Cloth. Chap. 30.

3.  See Militia. Chap. 66.

4.  2,000,000/. for his Majesty’sfer-vice in Ireland. Chap. 90.

K.

County of \

1. 10,587/. 175. ii^Z. to make com-penfation for lands purchafed in

Vol. XLI.

971

Kent and Devon, purfuant to 34 Geo. 3. c. 76. Chap. 90.

2. 1,953/* iif* ii^* to make com-penfation for Ioffes in Kent in consequence of the faid act. Chap. 90.

L.

Land Forces.

1.  12,852,815/. 4*. 11;/. for land forces in 1798. Chap. 90.

2.  1,699,450/. 7*. 3^. for 48,609 effective men, officers, &c. in Grazf Britain, Jerfey, and Guernfey. Same? adt.

3.  1,025,536/. 19*. 6i. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Portugal^ the ^ Good Hope, and iVw Wales. Same a£t.

4.  78,226/. 4*. 3^. for difference between Britijh and Iri/h pay for fix regiments abroad. Same adt.

5.  20,244/. oj. i*/. for recruiting the regiments in Eaft India. Same a£t.

6.  180,000/. for recruiting, contingencies, and extra feed for cavalry. Same a<5t.

7.  89,723/. 191. 3^. for general, ftaff, and hofpital officers in Great Britain^Guernfey^?mdiJerfey. Same a6t.

8.  404,570/. 4s. id. for fencible cavalry in Great Britain. Same aCt.

9.  25,000/. for their extra feed. Same a£t.

ia 33^463/* 13** 10^. for full pay to fupernumerary officers. Same a<5t.

11.  108,582/. 14^ \od. for the pay-mafter genera!, commiffary general, &c. Same a£t.

12.  140,000/. for quartering foldiers. Same a6t.

13.  163,874/. 16*. 8d. for reduced officers of the land and marine forces. Same adt.

14.  125/. 3^ 4d. for reduced and fuperannuated gentlemen of the horfe guards. Same a£t.

S  s s  15,  1,000/.

Mil

972  Lin

15.  1,000/. for officers late in the ferviceof the ftates general. Chap. 90.

16.  12,954/. 15*. 3d. for widqws penfions. Same ad.

17.  226,083/. 1 is. 5d. for foreign corps. Same a61.

18.  1,351 *>39»/• 19*. 3d. for army extraordinaries for 1797. Same act.

19.  3,200,000/. for the fame in 1798. Same ad.

Land Tax.

1.  For 1798 to be four (hillings in the pound. Chap. 5.

2.  For rectifying miftakes in com-miffioners names to put in execution land tax ad. Chap. 26.

3.  To alter and amend land tax ad relating to the qualification of commiffioners. Chap. 48.

4.  For making perpetual, fubjed to redemption and purchafe, the fe-veral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from March 25, 1798. Chap. 60.

Levant Company.

10,000/. for the Levant company. Chap. 90.

Licence.

See Cutters. Chap. 33.

Linens.

For granting a bounty on Britijh and Inf) linens exported continued. Chap. 35.

Linen Yarns.

For taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax continued. Chap.

35-

Lords, Houfe of.

282/. ijs. 6d. for ventilating the houfe of lords. Chap. 90.

Lottery.

667,916/. 13;. 4d. to be raifed by a lottery, tickets at 13/. 7j. 2d. each, and 500,000/. to be paid in prizes on Augufl 1, 1799. Chap. 75.

M.

Mace.

SeE Cinnamon. Chap. 68.

Malt.

Duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, continued for the fervice of the year 1798. Chap. 4.

Man, IJle of .

1.  For further encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the Ife of Man; for improving the revenue thereof, and for more effectual prevention of fmuggling to and from the faid ifland. Chap.

63*

2.  2,500/. for repairs of Douglas harbour in the Ife of Man. Chap. 90.

Marines

Regulated while on fhore. Chap. 15.

Militia.

1.  To give further time for executing and enlarging the powers of an ad for raifing a militia force in Scotland. Chap. 12.

2.  Perfons enrolled in the fuppfe-mentary militia may be enlifted into his MajeSy’s other forces. Chap. 17.

3. On

973

Min

3.  On production of certificate of men having fo enlifted, they fhall be difeharged from the militia, and no men ballotted for in their room. Chap. 17. f. 2.

4.  To enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the fupplementary militia, and to provide for the neceftary augmentation of men in the feveral companies of militia, by incorporating the fupplementary militia therewith. Chap. 18, 19.

5.  To enable his Majesty to call out part of the militia in Scotland. Chap. 44.

6.  For augmenting the number of field officers, and other officers, of militia, and for making other provifions concerning the militia. Chap. 55.

7.  For defraying the charge of pay and. cloathing of the militia for the year 3798. Chap 64.

8.  For empowering his Majesty to accept the fervices of the militia who voluntarily offer themfelves to be employed in Ireland. Chap. 66.

9.  For making allowances to fubal-tern officers of the militia in time of peace. Chap. 70.

10.  1,417,179/. ioj. $d. for militia in South Britain, and fencible infantry in Great Britain, Jerfey, Guernfeyy Sally, and Man. Chap.

9°.

11.  40,000/. for contingencies for militia and fencibles in Great Britain. Chap. 90.

12.  116,267/. 35. 9d. for cloaftiing the militia in South Britain. Same ad.

13.  1 ?3i5>7°8/. for the fupjftemen-tary militia. Same ad.

Miners.

For raifing a body of miners in

Cornwall and Devon for defence-of

the kingdom during the prefent war.

Chap. 74.

Nav

Mint.

135250/. 18;. for expences of the mint. Chap. 90.

Models.

♦

See Bujls. Chap. 71.

Mules.

For repealing the duties on mules, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 41.

Mutiny.

1.  To continue ad 37 Geo. 3. c. 70. for the better prevention and pu-nifhment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in the navy or army from their duty to his Majesty. Chap. 6.

2.  For punifhing mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Chap. 23.

N.

National Debt.

200,000/. towards the reduction of the national debt. Chap. 49. 90.

Naval Services.

1.  13,449,388/. 195. yd. for naval fervices for 1798. Chap. 90.

2.  2,645,500/. forw3gesof 110,000 men. Same ad.

3.  2,717,000/. for their victuals. Same ad.

4.  910,000/. for 10,000 additional men. . Same ad.

Navy.

1.  For more fpeedy and effedual manning of the navy. Chap. 46.

2.  689,858L 19^. yd. for ordinary of the navy. Chap. go.

s s s 2 •  Neutral

974

Nov

Neutral Ships.

To continue feveral afts relating to the admiffion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the iffuing of orders in council for that purpose. Chap. 9.

New Brunfwick.

4,550/. for the civil eftablilhment there. Chap. 90.

Newfoundland.

1,232/. 1 os. for the civil efta-blifhment there. Chap. 90.

New South Wales.

1.  6,157/. 2S' f°r the civil eftablifh-ment there. Chap. 90.

2.  36,000/. to pay bills from New South Wales. Same act.

3.  17,073/. 15. 5</. more for the fame purpose. Same aft.

Newfpapers.

For preventing the mifchiefs arif-ing from the printing and publifhing newfpapers by perfons not known, and for regulating the printing and publication thereof in other refpefts. Chap. 78.

North Britain.

4,500/. for roads and bridges in North Britain. Chap. 90.

Notes,

1.  Tocontinueaft 37Geo. 3. c. 137. relating to iffuing notes for fmall fums in Scotland. Chap. 2.

2.  To continue afts 37 Geo. 3. c. 32. and 61. relating to iifuing notes under a limited fum. Chap. 7.

Nova Scotia.

5,915/. for the civil efhblifhment there. Chap. 90.

Pav

✓

Nutmegs.

See Cinnamon• Chap. 68.

o.

Or^r Council.

1.  /^\FFENCES againft any order

in council laying an embargo on veiTels, or prohibiting or regulating the exportation of goods, may be tried in any court in Great Britain, Guernfey, &c. Chap. 33. c 5-

2.  For declaring the validity of two orders in council refpefting appeals from the vice-admiralty courts in the Wfl Indies and the Bermuda and Bahama iflands. Chap. 38.

3.  See Neutral Ships. Chap. 9.

Ordnance.

1.  357,500/. for fea fervice of th£ ordnance. Chap. 90.

2.  1,073,885/. 135. 9d. for land fervice of the ordnance for 1798. Same aft.

3.  5,726/. 9s. 2d. for the fame in

1796.  Same aft.

4.  114,855/. 85. 6d. for fea fervice of the ordnance in 1796. Same aft.

5.  96,57:/. 4s. 10d. for the fame in

1797.  Same aft.

P.

Parliament.

1.  260/. 155. 6d. for rent of the parliament office. Chap. 90.

2.  422/. 165. for attendance on committees of the lords and commons. Same aft.

Paymafier General.

62,755/. 105. paid to the bank on account of the paymafter general

may

*

97S

Rap

may be iffued towards the fupply for

1798.  Chap. 90.

Plymouth.

3,387/• 1 ?s. 3d. for better fecurlng Plymouth. Chap. 90.

Portugal.

See Salt. Chap. 25.

Pr if oners.

See Tranfport Service. Chap. 90.

Protefiants, Foreign.

See America. Chap. 13.

Quarantine.

1.  T?ROM January 1, 1799, every - JD commander of a vefiel liable

to quarantine to hoift a fignal when he (hall meet another vefiel, or be within four leagues of the coaft of Great Britain, &c. on penalty of 2C0/. Chap. 33.

2.  All adts' regarding quarantine to extend to all difeafes declared infectious by order in council. Same adt, f. 4.

Qualifications.

Adt of qualification for offices. Chap. 14.

R.

Rape Seed.

TO allow the importation of rape and other feeds for extracting oil. Chap. 35.

Ser

s.

Sail Cloth.

TO continue an adt for difallowing the bounty on fail cloth of canvas exported to Ireland. Chap.

3°.

Saint John, IJland of.

1,900/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 90.

Salt.

1. To permit, during the war, the importation of fait from Portugal in neutral fhips; Chap. 25.

2. Additional duty on fait.—per bufh. Foreign fait imported into s. d.

Great Britain,  -  10  O

Sait and rock fait made in

Great Britain,  -  5  0

Salt imported from Scotland

in England,  -  50

The additional duty allowed on exportation. Chap. 43.

3.  In fetting the affize of bread, five pence a quarter to be added to the price of wheat, on account of the additional duty on fait. Chap. 62.

4.  For transferring the management of the fait duties to the commif-fioners of excife; and for repealing the duties on fait, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties paid thereout; and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties thereon. Chap. 89.

Scotland.

See Diftilleries. Chap. 11. 31. 92. See Militia. Chap. 12. 44. Sea Notes. Chap. 2. See Salt. Chap. 43*

Servants.

1. See JJfeJpnents. Chap. 16. . _

2. For

97 6  Com

2. For repealing the duties on male fervants, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 41. 8c.

Service abroad.

150,000/. for his Majefiy’s fecret fervice abroad. Chap. 90.

2. 38,222/. 7s. 6d. more for the lame. Same aft.

Sheep.

For preventing the depafturing of ferefts, commons, and open fields with (beep or lambs infefted with the lcab or mange in England. Chap. 65.

* Ships.

1.  4,290,000/. for wear and tear of fhips. Chap. 90.

2.  639,530/. for buildings and repairs of (hips. Same aft.

Silver Coin.

To revive and continue aft 14Geo.

3.  c. 42. for prohibiting the importation of light filver coin, and to fuf-pend the coining of filver. Chap. 59-

Silver Plate.

See Watch Cafes. Chap. 24.

Slaves.

For regulating the (hipping and carrying of (laves in Briti/h vefiels from the coaft of Africa. Chap. 88.

Soldiers.

1.  See America. Chap. 13.

2.  For encreafing the rates of fub-fiftence on quartering foldiers. Chap. 32.

Somerfet Place.

1. 15,000/. for works and repairs there. Chap. 90.

Swi

2. Soo/. 1/. for making a furvey there. .Chap. 90..

Somers IJlands.

See Bermuda. Chap. 96,

Stamps.

1.  See Armorial Bearings. Chap. 53.

2.  Licences appointing ftipendiary curates to be exempted from the ftamp duty of fifteen (hillings by 37 Geo. 3. c. 90. Chap. 56.

3.  For explaining and amending certain afts relating to the (lamp duties, and for extending the duties on (lamps now payable on vellum, parchment, and paper, to all other materials. Chap. 85.

Sugar.

1.  To continue and amend aft 36 Geo. 3. c. 106. for regulating the allowance of drawbacks and payment of the bounty on the exportation of lugar. Chap. 6r.

2.  472/. ijs. for publifhing in the Gazette weekly returns of the average price Qf fugar. Chap. 90.

Supplementary* Militia.

See Militia.

Switzerland.

1.  If any refident in Great Britain (hall make any advance for the purchafe of any debt due to any government in Svoitzerland, he (hall forfeit 1,000/. and treble the value of the advance. Chap. 45.

2.  All contrafts touching such debts to be void, and any perfon nego-ciating such dealing to forfeit 500/. Same aft, f. 2.

3.  Aft 33 Geo. 3. c. 27. for preventing traitorous correfpondence with France to extend to Switzer -land. Same aft, f. 6.

4.  No

1

Tre

4.  No letter of attorney from any perfon who was on or befQre March 1, 1798, or who has been fince, in France, the United Provinces, or Switzerland, (hall authorife the transfer of flock without licence from the fecretary of ftate. Chap. 45. f. 7.

5.  Acfl 34 Geo. 3. c. 9. to extend to the United Provinces and Switzerland. Same acfl, f. 8,

T.

Taxed Carts.

1 SeE Ckr/r. Chap. 93.

[  .  Tea*

1

1.  An additional duty of excife of 5/. cent, on tea fold by the Eajl India company for 2s. 6d. per pound, and upwards. Chap. 42.

2.  For repealing fo much of a<5t 37 Geo. 3. c. 15. as charges a

J  duty of 5/. per cent. upon tea im-

jv  ported into or fold in Great Britain.

1^. Same a 61, f. 6.

I j.  Tobacco Pipe Clay.

j 1 For permitting the exportation of I I tobacco pipe clay to the IVeJl Indies ‘ continued. Chap, 35.

h)

I  Tranfport Service.

1,200,000/. for tranfport fervice and maintenance of prifoners. Chap. 90.

Treafon.

1. Perfons imprifoned for high trea-fon, See. may be detained until February r, 1799. Chap. 36.

< 2. Perfons againft whom indictments , for high rreafon are already found may be tried. Same a61, f. 5,

Wat 977

u.

Untied Provinces.

1.  r B"10 prevent, during the war,

X perfons reading in Great Britain from advancing money or effects for the purchafe of debts owing to the government of the United Provinces without licence, and for extending the provifions of zSt 33 Geo, 3. c. 27, to the faid United Provinces. Chap. 28.

2.  See Switzerland. Chap. 45. f. 7.

V.

Veterinary College.

<1,500/. for the Veterinary College* Chap. 90.

Vincent {Saint) Earl of.

An annuity of 2,000/. a-year fettled on earl £2. Vincent and the two next fucceeding heirs to his title. Chap. 21.

Volunteers.

350,00c/. for volunteer corps. Chap. 90*

W.

Watch Cafes.

FROM March 25, 1798, to repeal the duties on gold and fllver plate ufed in watch cafes. Chap, 24.

Watches.

1. See Jfpjfnunts. Chap. 16.

2. See Clocks. Chap. 40,

Weji

97 8  Win

Weft India Ijlands.

To indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, &c. in the Weft India iflands who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods in foreign bottoms,. Chap. 72.

Weft Indies.

X. Goods of European manufacture may be exported in Briti/h veffels from Grenada, &c. to 2Luy,BritiJh colony in America or the Weft Indies and goods may be imported into Grenada^ &c. from any colony in America belonging to any foreign European ftate. Chap. 39.

2. See Coin. Chap. 67.

Winchefter.

98/* 195. to Mr. Soane for journeys to Winchefter. Chap. 90.

Windows.

1.  See Aftjfments. Chap. 16.

2.  See Houfes, Windows, and Lights. Chap. 40.

Wines.

1.  Sea Hock of liquors of officers of the navy may be removed from one fhip to another duty free.

, Chap. 33. f. 14.

2.  See Falmouth. Chap. 33.

3.  Drawback of duty on wines to be paid by the officers of excife where they have received the duty. Chap.. 54* f. 11.

Y.

Yeomanry.

See Cavalry. Chap. 51.

END OF PART II. VOL. XLI.

