THE

Statutes at Large.

Anno sexto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FIFTH Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain.

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXVII.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1767.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno sexto

Georgii III. Regis.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. To continue an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

Cap. 3. For allowing the importation of corn and grain, from his Majesty's colonies in America, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 4. For allowing the importation of oats and oatmeal into this kingdom, for a limited time, duty-free.

Cap. 5. To prohibit the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, for a limited time.

Cap. 6. For extending the provisions of an act made in the last session of parliament, for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rakesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the county of Kent, to the hundred of Wallington in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 7. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to the several acts of parliament now in force for that purpose, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped.

Cap. 8. For punishing mutiny and desertion and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 9. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

Cap. 10. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 11. An act to repeal an act made in the last of session of parliament, intituled An act for granting and applying certain stamp duties, and other duties, in the British colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, protecting, and securing the same, and for amending such parts of the several acts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the said colonies and plantations, as direct the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. An act for the better securing the dependency of his Majesty's dominions in America upon the crown and parliament of Great Britain.

Cap. 13. To remove a doubt concerning such part of an act made in the last session of parliament, as relates to the ascertaining of the duties upon the importation of certain linen cloth of the manufacture of Russia; and to obviate all doubts with respect to the importation of tea, under certain licences authorizid to be granted by an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty.

Cap. 14. For repealing the duties granted upon cyder and perry by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign; and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the duties on cyder and perry imposed by several former acts.

Cap. 15. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

Cap. 16. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the city of Bath, and the liberties and precincts thereof.

Cap. 17. For explaining and amending so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional act for the improvement of tillage, as relates to the city of London.

Cap. 18. To amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 19. For the more effectual encouragement of the trade and manufacture of leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom.

Cap. 20. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of Derby, and the liberties thereof.

Cap. 21. For redeeming one third part of the remainder of the joint stock of annuities, established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, in respect of several navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 22. To regulate the loading of ships with coals in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Cap. 23. To amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing several laws relating to the manufacture of woollen cloth in the county of York; and also so much of several other laws at prescribes particular standards of width and length of such woollen cloths; and for substituting other regulations of the cloth trade within the west riding of the said county; for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth; and for preserving the credit of the said manufacture at the foreign market.

Cap. 24. For paving the streets and lanes within the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleaning, lighting, and watching, the same; and also the courts, yards, alleys, and passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing annoyances therein.

Cap. 25. For better regulating apprentices, and persons working under contract.

Cap. 26. For the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the city of London, and the liberties thereof; and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 27. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the powers of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for widening certain, lanes, and passages, within the city of London, and liberties; and for opening certain new streets and ways within the same; for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 28. To prohibit the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets, for a limited time; and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the silk manufacture.

Cap. 29. To prevent the fraudulent marking of frame-work knitted pieces, and stockings.

---

Cap. 30. For applying the money granted in this session of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the Militia of that part of Great Britain called England, for one year; beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several ada of parliament passed in the second, fourth, and fifth years of the reign of his present Maw-fty, relating to the raising and training the militia Within part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 31. For taking down and removing certain light-hou&s now nanding near the Spurn Pointat the mouth of^he-

bw\ -and1 for eroding other fit.and convenient light-hwlea in-,

field thereof,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 32. To extend an act made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons and unlawful exporters of wool, and for declaring the law upon Come points relative to pirates; to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said act relates to the more effectual transportation of felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the laws for restraining muirburn, in forbidden time, in that part of the united kingdom.

Cap. 33. To enable his Majesty to exchange the lands of Fer-nan and Lix, in the county of Pertby for other lands belonging to the right honourable John earl of Breadalbane, in PitkeUony, in the said county of Perth.

Cap. 34. For widening several streets, lanes, ways, and passages, within the city of Bristol* and for opening several new streets and passages within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the powers of the several acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, and regulating, the streets, and other maces, within the said city and liberties thereof.

Cap. 35. To continue an act made in the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an act made i|i the nineteenth year of his said Majesty, more effectually to prevent the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and other places therein mentioned.

Cap. 36. For encouraging the cultivation, and for the better preservation, of trees, roots, plants, and shrubs.

Cap. 37. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent mischiefs that may happen by fire, within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

Cap. 3ff. For repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights.

Cap. 39. For raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the sinking fund.

Cap. 40. For explaining and amending fact) part of an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to certain duties on wines imported; for the more easy collecting, and effectually securing, the stamp duties for copies of court rolls; for relief of persons who have omitted to insert in*indentures, or other writings, the full sum agreed to be paid with clerks, apprentices, and other servants; for amending such pits of two acts made in the last session of parliament, as relate to certain East India goods, and bugles, exported to Africa*for permitting a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, 'and flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man*for

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for the use of the inhabitants there; for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of coals, free from the payment of the duty granted by an act made in the last session of parliament, to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and and for obviating certain doubts with respect to the importation of oats and oatmeal, under the authority of an act made in this present session of parliament.

Cap. 41. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fond, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 42. To continue an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for importing salt from Europe, into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 43. For explaining, amending, and further enforcing, the execution of two several acts, one made in the twenty sixth year of bia late Majesty, and the other in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for obliging mortgagees taking possession of toll-gates on turnpike roads, and toll-gatherers appointed by them, to account.

Cap. 44. To continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties j to the premium upon mails, yards, and bowsprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America; to the securing the duties upon foreign made fail doth, and charging foreign made fails with a duty; and for enlarging the times limited for executing and performing several provisions, powers, and directions, in acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 45. For allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage; and for discontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported.

Cap. 46. For explaining part of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the removal it home consumption of spirits made for exportation; for laying an additional duty upon the importation of silk crapes and tilanies j for allowing the exportation of a certain quantity of gum Jcnega and gum arabic to I, free of duty, for the use of the manufacturers there; for permitting the importation into this kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of a certain quantity of bugles; and for altering certain regulations relating to the ton-nan of ships exporting and importing spirits,

Cap. 47. For laying additional duties on certain spirits imported; and for prolonging the time allowed by law for lodg? tog and keeping in warehouses rum and spirits imported.

A TABI& of the STATUTE S.

Cap. 48. For the better preservation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods j and for the further preservation of loots, shrubs, and plants.

Cap. 49. For opening and establishing certain ports in the Wands of Jaaktift and Dmtuiea, for the More free importation

«Did exportation of certain goods and merchandizes; for granting certain duties to defray the expence* of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such poets; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said Wand of Domnica into this kingdom; and for securing the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other British colony.

Cap. 50. For allowing the conveyance, from the ports of Southampton and Pirtjmuth to the port of Cowes in the isle of flight, of goods not liable to duty 011 exportation, or prohibit^ act to be exported, and of sheep and cattle, between the said ports, without cocquCts being taken, or bonds entered into for that purpose t and for extending an a A made in the twenty ninth ypar of the reign of King Charles the Second, for taking affidavits in the country, to be made use of in the courts of King's stench. Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the isle of Afan; and for appointing ports and places for shipping and landing goods in the said iflaad.

Cap. 51. For indemnifying persons who have incurred certain penalties inflicted by in sd of the lift session of parliament, for granting certain stamp duties in the British colonies and plantations in America 5 and for making valid all instruments executed or iprolled there on unstamped paper, vellum, or parchment.

Cap. 52. For repealing certain duties, in the British colonies and plantations, granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made in the fast session of parliament upon certain East India goods exported from Great Britain fnd for granting other duties indead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America.

Cap. 53. For altering the oath of abjuration and the assurance; and for amending so muph of an act of the seventh year of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time

therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lids and copied therein mentioned to persons indicted of high tTealon, or mif-prifion of treason.

Cap. 54. For putting the road from Clarges Street to Hydt Park Comer, and from the south end of Park Lane, to the north side of Hertford Street, in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex, now under the direction of the acts for repairing the roads in the parishes of Kensington, C helfe, Fulham, and Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex, undff the nutnageutat of thp of for

paving,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

paving, cleaning, and lighting, the Quarts, streets, lanes, and ocher places, in Westminster.

Cap. 55. To enable Thomas Kymtr esquire, to make a navi, gable cut or canal from Little G River, near the town of Kidwely, to the Great Forest and^ Pwll Llygod, in the county of Carmarthen.

Cap. 56. For repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the goad leading from Tunbridge W, in the county of Kent, to the cross ways near Maresfield Street., in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 57. For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, one of the twelfth of King Georg the First, and the other of the fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from

Horsley Upright Gate to the top of Hill, in the county of Wilts; and for amending several roads near or adjoining to the said road.

Cap. 58. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of the fourth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from God-Jsene, in the county of Surrey, to in the parish of

East Grinsted, in the county of Stiffen.

Cap. 59. For repairing and widening the road from,

by Moffcroft, to Kendm-house; and from to Bainton

Balk, in the county of York.

Cap. 60. For discontinuing the use of several roads leading into and over Fisherwick Park, in the county of Stafford-, and for building and maintaining a publick bridge cross the river Tame, at or near Elford Mill Ford, in the said county; and for repairing, and keeping in repair, the road from such bridge to Hademire Gate, in the road leading through Whittington to Li tld.

jj. 61. For the better regulation of pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Liverpool.

Cap. 62. To enlarge and continue the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing the roads from Doncaster through Ferry Bridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; and from Ferry Bridge to Weatherby j and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the county of York j as to so much of the said act as relates to the said roads from Dontafler through Ferry Bridge, to the south side of Tad-caff er Cross.

Cap. 63. For the support and preservation of the parish Church of Folkefsene, and the lower part of the town of stone, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 64. For the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, the poor within the parish of Saint Botolph, in

the city of London.

Cap. 65. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in die twenty fifth year of King George the Second, for repairing the toads from the north end of Mailing-Street, near the town f Lewes, and other roads in the county of and for a-

mending the rpad from the Broil Park Gate, to the west end of

A TABLE rf the STATUTES,

the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst-Green, through the parishes of Etchingham and Burwash; and from the said Broil Park Goto to the town of BattelL, in the said county.

Cap. 66. For building a bridge crofg the river Thames, from Battersea in the county of Surry, to Chelsea in the county of Jkftddlesex.

Cap. 67. For repairing and widening the road from Bawtry, in the county of York, to East Markham common, in the county of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twifori Bridge, in the said county.

Cap. 68. For repairing and widening the road from the Cross or Market Place in the town of Wimbome Mtnfier, to the Cross or Market Place in the town of Blandford Forum, in the county of Dorset.

Cap. 69. For repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to the turnpike road at or near Langley Mill, in the said county.

Cap. 70. To remove and regulate the publick markets in the city of Bath» for widening certain streets, ways, and passages, within the said city, and the liberties and precincts thereof, and for opening certain new streets and ways within the same; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, lanes, ways and passages there, to remove all nuisances and obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and for better supplying the inhabitants, of the said city, liberties, and precincts, with water.

Cap. 71. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fourth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads in the county of Bucks, lb far as the same relates to the road between the town of IVeniover and the town of Buckingham.

Cap. 72. For the relief and employment of the poor, and for repairing the highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets and other places in the town and parish of Richmond, in the county of Surrey; and for removing and preventing annoyances, obstructions, and incroachments therein; and for shutting up a road from the late horse ferry at Kew to West Sheene Lane near Richmond Green; and for amending.^nd keeping in repair the road from Kew Bridge to Richmond.

Cap. 73. For repairing the road from the burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwiik, to and through Keifo, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn.

Cap. 74. To render more effectual an act made in the third yeas of present Majesty's reign, for maintaining, regulating, ' and employing, the poor within the parish of Sain$ Mary White-chapel, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 75. To render more effectual an act passed in the last session of parliament, for rebuilding the parish church of Albal-tows on the wall, in the city of London; and for rebuilding tho* hgufe bdppging to the.re&pr of the said parish i aitf for nur chafing

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

chafing several pieces of ground and tenements thereon, to^render the callages to and from the said church and house more commodious.

Cap. 76. To enable the governor and company of the bank of England to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous and near to the bank; and for making certain avenues leading thereto more commodious.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the stone bridge in the town of Shrewsbury.

Cap. 78. For making and continuing navigable the river Stort, in the counties of Hartford and Eflix.

Cap. 79. For repairing and widening the road from to Sudbury i and from Sudbury to Toxoll Bridge; and from the

turnpike road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 80. For repairing and widening the roads from Britn-mington and Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, over the High Moors, to the Several places therein mentioned.

Cap. 81. For further continuing the duty of ope farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an act of the first year of Queen Aunt, and-revived and continued by an act of the eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the piers and iiirbour of Whitby, in the county of York, and fjpr better regiyating the shipping the re.

Chip. 82. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of so far as the same

relates to the districts of roads from Bridge to Gkfgow;

and from Glasgow to Rtdburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the course of the lad mentioned district of road.

Cap. 83. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of two acts made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from in the

county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the county of Notting-

ham, as relates to the road from Spittlegate Hill to in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 84. For repairing and widening the road leading from the present turnpike road at Haverhill to Red CroJ's, in the parish of Shelf ord, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 85. For repairing the road from the turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Ringles Croft, near Uck-field, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 86. For repairing and widening the road from the present turnpike road in the parish of, in the county of

Southampton, through the borough of Andover, to the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks; and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River.

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from tho Mansfield and Chesterfield turnpike road, near the nine mile stone from MamfitU, through Temple Normanton, New.} T Im'sjvc,

ATABtEtrf the STATUTES.

htlojkre, and Birkrn Lane, to Bunting in the parish

of 4/bevtr, in the cou.nty of Derby-

Cap. 88. For repairing and widening the road from High

Bridget, in the county of Stafford, to Uttoxeter j and from Spath to Hanging Bridge-, and from Tttu to Texall, in

the said county.

Cap. 89. For repairing and widening the road leading from the bottom of Church Lane, in the town of Netucafth under in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Wear to Chester, near the town of in the county of

Chester-, and from Chestertn, through Audit) and-Balter ley, to Gborfty Hid.

Cap. 90. For enlarging die term and powers of two acts, made in the eighth and twenty seventh years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale in the county palatine of to the towns of

Halifax and Eoland, in the county of Tore.

Cap. 91. To explain and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Mi'aidftene, and from to in the

county of Kent* so far as the same relates |o the road from bridge to Maidstone.

Cap. 02. For amending, widening, altering, clearing^ and keeping* in repair, several roads leading from the market profs in the town of Wortham, and in Purled, in the county of Derfet.

Cap. 93. For amending and widening the road from the town of Biddenden, in the Weald of through the towns of Smardeu and Charing, to join the turnpike road which leads from Ashfori to Feversham, at a place called Bound Gate.

Cap. 94. For making the river. S navigable from the river Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the county of Ltictjler; and for making navigable cuts or canals from the (hid river Soar, to or near The Rujhes and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforesaid.

---

Cap. 95. For repairing and widening the road loading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further end of Darlaston Lane, next the Portway; and from thence through Bilston, to the further end of Gibbett Lane; and several other roads leading to and from Bilston, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 96. For making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the county of Derby, to the river Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap.

Cap. 97. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the county of Worcester, to cross the river Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the said river Trent and the river Mersey.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening several roads leading to the town of Dartford, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 99. For rrepairing and widening the road from Muckley Corner, to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other roads in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 100. For the better regulating and employing the poor; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within that part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the bars, in the county of Middlesex, and the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said county.

Cap. 101. For making the river Chelmer navigable from the port of Maldon to the town of Chelmsford, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 102. To enable the principal officers and of commissioners of his Majesty's navy to carry into execution certain articles agreement made for a lease of ground for the improvement of his Majesty's dock yard of Plymouth.

PRIVATE ACTS.

---

1. AN act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, lot

grounds, and commouable waste grounds, in the parish of reat Doddington, in the county of Northampton.

2. An act for naturalizing Hieronymus Henry Burmester, John fVienbolt, Julius Conrad Bidder, and Peter Duval.

3. An act to enable the right honourable James Oswald, and the right honourable George Sae, commonly called lord George Sadville, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer, and receiver general, and paymaster general, of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of; and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

4. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the manor and parish of Bladen, in the county of Oxford.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fidds, common pastures, common meadows, and commonable waste grounds, in the manor, parish, and tything of Great Tew, in the county of Oxford.

6. An act for confirming an award, made for dividing and inclosing several common fields and downs, in the parish of Hafelton, in the county of Gloucester.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, common fields, meadows, and grounds, lying in the hamlet of Maugerflury, in the parish of Stow on, in the county of Gloucester.

8. An act lot confirming artides of agreement for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common mid lands, within the parish of Heddhrgtou1, in the county of Wilts.

9, An act for dividing and inclosing tip common fields.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, of and in the manor and parish of Thenford, otherwise Fenford, in the county of Northampton.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common field, called Bid ford Common Field, within the parish of Bidford, in the county of Warwick.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor and panlh of Steeple Aston, in the county of Oxford.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, and common pastures, within the parish of Waltlxim, otherwise Waltham in the Wolds, in the county of Ltitejitr.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields

and common pastures, within the parish of, otherwise

Branston, in the county of Leicester.

14. An act for dividing and' indofinir the open arable fields and common pastures, within the parish of, otherwise Croxton Karial, in the county of

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, in the township of Winfiow, in the county of Btukt.

16. An act for inclosing and dividing the common waste

grounds, open fields, open meadow ground and ings, within the parish of Stillington, in the county of York.

17. An act to enable the most noble Fratuis duke of watery to extend a branch of his navigable cut, or canal, upon Salt Moor, in the county of C, to the market town of Stockport, in the said county.

18. An act to dissolve the marriage of John, with

Ann Matthews his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19. An act for naturalizing J Pierre Micbtl. / ao. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fidds, common meadows, common pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Repion in the county of Derby.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons,

common fidds, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds, of and in the manors of and, and of

and in the manor of Upton Hafelor, in the parish of, in the county of Warwick.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, or waste

grounds, called Cuddington or Bryn, in the township of

Cuddington with Bryn, in the parish of Wtverbam, in the county of Chester.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Willington, in the county of Derby.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the moor, waste, oj common, in the several townftups, villages, or hamlets, of

A TABLE of the'STATU TIE 5.

Upper flavorth and Nether Htwerth, in the county palatine of Durham.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, common pa shires, common-meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish of Little Htnutna, in the county of Bucks.-

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, grounds, and wafies, within the township dr parish of Befjingby, in the county of York.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, in the manor and parish of Keddington, in the county of Lincoln.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing. the open and common fields, meadows, vpeftures, common ami waste grounds, within the township.of Buford, otherwise Beeforth, in the county of York

29. '..Anad Sdc dividing and -inclosing the several commons

and trade grounds, within the manor of in the parish of Leek, in the county of Stafford.

30. An act for dividing and inelofiflg the open and Common fields, and commonable lands, lying within the parish of HitUm in tit Hodge's, in the county of Northampton.

31. An act for dividing and inclosine the open common fields

comrnan aleadowfc, add other commonable lands, in the parish of GameUkf, in thd eobnty of Lincoln.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, downs, and commonable lands, and allotting the old in* clotures, lying within the township and parish of Hatberop, in the county dt GltUctfler.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields,

commons, ' and waste grounda, within the nuoor of in

the county of the city of York.

34. An act for veuing part of thb settled estateofSir yobi

Chttwodtbaronet, 'in -trustees, to be fold, for dffcbaiging incumbrances afieding thb same.

35. An act todifibjve the marriage of Charles Aldcrsft gens tleman, with Sarah Shewtll, his now wife, and to enable him tb many again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

36. An act for enabling Robert Brief esquire, and his heirs,

to take and use the name, and bear the arms, of '

37. An act to enable the most noble JVilliem duke of Datum

shireto take in England the oath of office of high treaforer of

Ireland, and to qualify himself in England for the enjoyment of the said office. -

38. An act to-citable the dean and chapter of Canterburj to grant leafeaof.tbsit.estate in the parish tf Saint Olavf Seutbiuarit

39. An act for vesting part of the foe simple folate o ( George

late lord viicoum AEdkten, of the kingdom of Ireland, in traders, to be sold, for paying the debts, legacies, and incum-hraners, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, hit will and for executing and effectuating sevenu centred* emend info t f Vj

A TABLE oftint STATUTES.

by bios for felling and leafirvg divert farm* and lands in

and for making the exemplification of his will evidence in law and equity.

40. An act for vesting certain manors, messuages, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of 7, devised by the will of Sir William baronet, deceased, in

trustees, to be sold} and for. applying the monies arising by such fate, in the purchase of other hums, to be settled to tho like uses.

41. An act for vesting the freehold and leasehold eHates, late

of Rthert Henley esquire, deceased, an trustees, to be sold, to raise money, to be applied to pay off debts, and incumbrances, and legacies, charged upon and affecting the same, under the direction of the court of chancery, and for laying out the surplus-money in the bank of > subject to the further

order of the said court.

42. An act for vesting several copyhold eflatea. of Ann Bbgrovt, widow, 'and others, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of other elutes, to be settled to the same uses to which the said copy-bold jestates (land limited.

43. An act to impower John esquire, and Margoretta Miria his wife, late Margaretta Maria, widow, and

other thft deyifecs of John Maryan dork, deceased, to make leases of the manor of Charlton, and of lands,: tenements, and hereditaments, in the said manor; and aha the parishes of Wookuicbnn&Pk/mstead, in thfc county of JCeut.

44. An aid.for veiling part of the settled estate of Jehu vtjler Smith esquire, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging in^ cumbrantetaffeftang-thefamie.!

45. An act so tatiMn George Torfler esquire, to grant

building leases of estates, devised to him by She William

baronet, in the teuhty of Mhdilajhx.

46. An act; act for- dividing and inclosing the several dinted pastures, called Cm Close, West Moor, and otherwise

Clmther, Within dm township of ArntUff, in the west riding of the cbtioty of York.

47. Ah.act for dividing and inclosing several common arable fields, cotn hum meadow, grounds, and the moor or common, within the manor and township of, in the east riding of the ctAiaty of Tori.

' 48.. An act for dividihgand inclosing the open and common, fields* meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish of

Blaby, in the county of Leitefter.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish of Ctun* teftberpe, in the county «f> Leitefter.

go. An act for dividfog and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of, in the bountyof Htrtfar*, except common paftorc, calied, 83« CmtGomwm.

A TABLE of thfc STATUTES.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and ground*, in me hamlet of in the parish of Hitchin, in the county of Hartford.

52. An act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several open and common fields, meadows, waste and fen grounds, within the manor and parish of, in the county of Lincoln.

53. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of r,

in Holdemejs, in the east riding of the county of York.

54. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pa shires, and commons or commonable grounds, in the township of Brigham* in the parish of Fofiont in the east riding of the county of York.

55. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Lnbnm, otherwise, in the county of Ltiiester. i

56. An act for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and adorning, Barkley Square, in the parish of Saint George Henrvtt Square, in the county of Middkfote.

57. An act for vesting part, of a meflinge, with the appurtenances, intailed by the will of the most noble Charles late duke of Grafton, deceased, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing another messuage, or lands, to be settled to the like uses.

58. An act for vesting the mansion house of the earl and couotefs of Pewit, in Jlbemarle S, now settled on them and their issue, in trustees, to fell, the same; and to lay out the mo* ney arising by such file, in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

59. An act for vesting certain manors, reftorieS, danda^ s, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Saner* set and Devon, devised by the will of John late earl of Portsmouth, deceased, in trustees, to be sold) and for applying the monies arising.by such sale, in the puichafe of other manors, rectories, lands, tythes, tenements, br hereditaments, to be settled to the uses limited by the said will.

60. An act for vesting in trustees, the settled estate of ington, earl Ferrers, in the county of to be sold, for

satisfying the incumbrances and portions aftefting the same, and the rest of his settled estates; and for.other purposes therein mentioned.

61. An act to enable Sir Thomas Goods baronet, and -hisfons, Thomas Gooch, Wiliam Gooch, and John Goods, and their guardians, and the gudrdians of their fons, during their minority, to grant building leases of certain lands in Birmingham, in the county of Woruridc j and to grant a piece of land, lying in the same town, for the purposes of building a church, and making a church-yard j and to exchange same lands (there.

62. An act for file of the manor, capital messuage, and late diflbtved priory, of Ryogatt, in the county of Surrey j and tlfo. f several freehold and copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the counties of Surrey and Sussex, late the estate of Sarah Parsons, widow, deceased, for raising money to discharge incumbrances affestine the same.

63. An act for the sale and dispofltion of part of the settled estate of Thomas Lfyod esquire, for paying and discharging the debts and incumbrances affecting the same, and for providing an equivalent or compensation for the same, to the iuue inheritable under his marriage Settlement.

64. An act for confirming the sale of part of the estates

late of Robert Neiham esquire, deceased, situate in the kingdom of Ireland, for the term of five hundred years, to George Nedbam esquire, for confirming an agreement made between the widow and children of the said Robert and for

veiling part of the said Robert said estates in trustees, to be sold, for the payment of the debts, legacies, and other incumbrances, affecting such estates; and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

65. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the Several counties of Bedford, Northampton, and Essex, and in the city of London, late the estate of Inee esquire, deceased, and Mary late the wife, and now the widow, of the said Piggott Inee, in trustees, to be sold and disposed of, in pursuance, of certain agreements; and for discharging debts and incumbrances, and other the purpofts therein mentioned, and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the purchase-money upon the trulls, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

66. An act to establish a proposal, made by William esquire, to the governors of the charity for the relief of the /oor Widows' andf children of clergymen, in relation to a piece jot pared of land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the county of York.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing Several open fields, commons, or waste grounds, situate, lying, and being, within ifrc manors of Aften and Wales, in the county of York.

68. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and commons fields, half year lards, commons, and waste grounds, in the parishes of Carlton Forehoe, and, in the county of Nor/oli.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing Several open and common fields, common meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the Ionfship or liberty of Bamethy upon the Woulds, in the county of Lintoln.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open grounds; or pallures, and some parts of a certain moor or tract of waste land, within the manor of Bowes, in the county of

71. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open arable fields, meadows, pasture, and waste grounds, in the parishes of Stubborn and Sudbrooke, in the county of Lincoln.

72. An act for inclosing and dividing a common, called Thorpe Mtsrjh, and a pipes of land, called Grumble, within

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the parish of Barmby upon Dunn., in the county of Turk.

73. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, meadows, pa (hi res, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Corby, in the county of Lincoln.

74. An act to render more effectual an act, made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving, the low grounds and cars, lying and being in theparilhes, townships, hamlets, lordlh rps, precincts, and territories, of Sutton, Ganstead, Swine, Benningholme,

btlmt Grange, and Fair holme. North, Arnold,

Long Rifton, Levon, Heigbolm, and Hattytrte, Brandos

Barton, and Bnrshall, Eflto, Tickton, Wool, Routh, ', and

Wagbeu, otherwise Wown, in Hoidem, in the east riding of the county of York.

7J» An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, 99mmon pastures, common grounds, heath, and waste grounds, within, the manor and parish of in the

county of Northampton.

76. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Laighton, otherwise, Laigb*

ten Ectlefia, in the county of Huntington.

77. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open lands,

meadows, and free commons, in the parish of,

in the county of Lincoln.

78. An act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain lands,

grounds, and common pastures, in the parish of,

in the east riding of the county of York.

79. An act for dividing and indoGng several open fidds,

meadows, and commons, within the lordship of Coley,

in the county of Leicester.

80. An act for dividing and inclosing' the open and common fidds, common meadows, common pastures, common Bounds, heath, and waste grounds, within the manor and lord-ftiip of Kingsthorpo, in the county of Northampton.

81. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common lands, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, heath, and waste lands or grounds,

in the hamlet or township of R, otherwise Ruyton, in the parish of Bulkington, in the county of

82. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, common fen, and other commonable places, in the parish of Bickar, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same.

83. An act for vesting certain estates, in the county of Z/

celn, in trustees; and to enable them to appropriate the rents and profits thereof, and also certain ferns of money (fobjed to the trulls declared by the will of Sir Michael Wbartoa knight, deceased) for the augmentation of the revenues of the curaties of the late collegiate church of Saint John, in,

In the county of York', and for erecting an organ in the said

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

church, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

84. An act to enable Richard Barton esquire, and his issue, to bear and use the famame and arms of PhillipjoH, pursuant to the will of Jtbn PbiUipftn esquire, deceased.

85. An act for nsouralicing Gadkard Job*

Comud, ReniraBentimk, Jfiaert J*ftus

Pranas Monet, and John Abraham HaUmand.

86. An act for naturalizing Lo Chorlejftn.

87. An act for naturalizing Prior Face*, and Job* James Imrneifen.

88. An act for vesting the settled estates of Edmund Merton Pleydtii esquire, in the counties of York and, in tru-

fiecs, to be sold; - and for lading out the money to arMe by such Tale, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the likeufes. 1

89. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadow, common pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish of Balderton, in the county of Nottingham.

90. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, and commonable lands, in the parish of Alderbury, in the county of Oxford.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, and ynOe grounds, in the manor and parish of little Eiingham, in the county of Norfolk.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common, pared of wade ground, or moor, situate in the liberty of Jiarlty, in the county of Derby, called Darby Common.

93. An act for draining and preferring Stretbem Common, in the ifk of Ely, and county of Cambridge', and for empowering the commissioners for putting m execution an act for the effectual draining and preservation of lVaterbeach Level, in the county of Cambridge; and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of lVaterbeach torn and the commoners within the said manor, to raise a sum of money to pay the debts owing upon the credit of the said act.

94. An act for naturalizing Peter, and Jtbn James b Chevalier,

THE

Statutes at large.

Anno sexto Georgii III. Regis,

Being the SIXTH Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq*

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Regis

Magna Britannia, & Hibernia,

sexto.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the nineteenth day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and * one,

in the first year of the reign of our Lord

GEORGE the Third, by the grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the seventeenth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and five, being the fifth session of the twelfth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to continue an act made in the session of parliament,

intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

WHEREAS an act of parliament in the fifth year of Preamble, re« the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for im- citing aft j portation of faltea beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, Ge^ J- for a limited time; which was to continue in force for twelve months from the hmmencement thereof, is near expiring: and where-

as the allowing the importation of Jolted beef, pork, bacon, and butter' from Ireland, for a further time, may be of great advantage to both kingdoms; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and lie it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and The recited all and every the dauses, provisions, penalties, forfeitures, al- aft further lowances, drawbacks, matters, and things therein contained, COptJ, noe< shall be further continued from the expiration thereof, until the*9 "17 7* first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven,

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 2. [1765.

ms fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were inserted and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties open tnalt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

[Preamble.]

Malt act of i George 3. further continued to4 Tune, 1767. Malt in Scotland to pay 3d. per buihel. Mum so t. per barrel. Cyder and perry made for fate, s. per hog (he ad. How these duties are to be raised, «c. 10, 0001. to be raised in Scotland. Surplus to be added to the fisheries, Sec. This act to relate to the same day and time as the act 1 Qte. 3. did. Malt brought from Scotland by sea* to be entered at the port of landing: Brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Cartide. Cyder for dHulling not chargeable. Distillerto give notice to officer when he distils cyder. Allowances for exportation of malt. 1 W. &M. On certificate of malt being exported, and security, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relandhig. Malt deeping for exportation to be kept separate till measured. Malfters te give notice to officers, dec. Penalty on opening the locks, &c. Matters, on 14 June, 1766, to dear out of their warehouses all malt within fiftecs j months. Aud so all future malfters. Clauses in aft 11 Annas, & 6 Geo t.; 5 s. per buihel penalty on all corn keeping, or steeped for malt, which (bail ] be found in the cillern or couch, so hard and compact as it could not be, unless the same had been forced together to prevent the riling, tool, pe- 1 nalty on fraudulently conveying from the cistern, any keeping of corn, and I mixing the same with other corn charged with the auty in the couch; or 1 fraudulently conveying the same away, so that no gauge of such corn cao ( be taken in the couch. Penalties how to be recovered Buyers of cyder or perry for their private use, not to be charged. Persons felling less than so gallons to be deemed retailers. Clause of loan at 3 1. per cent. Tallies of Joan to be strust, &c. Orders registered and paid in coarse. No fee for re-gittering, &c. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference what tallies are dated or brought the same day: nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded incourse. Orders amgnable. Commissioners of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common fuiti, or different sums, in the principal monies. Bills ! to bear interest at 3 1 per cent, per ann. These bills to be numbered arith-: metically, Treasury to direct the course of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques. Scc. The bills to be placed as oath in the exchequer, and to be i(Tushie thereout in common with other monies, and 1 to be cut relit in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. ! Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. Interest so continue a till payment. Interest to cease whilst the bills are in the hands of roceiven, &c Bills paid to receivers, &c. to besigned and dated. Interest to be allowed to the said days. The bills may be reiished, both for principal attd interest. Receivers to keep a book. Bills filled up by indorsements, or defaced, to be exchanged. Bids not exceeding cooool. each, to be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills felony. How the monies anting by this act shall beapfdied. Treasury on 19 Sept. 1767, to take an account of all monies raised and discharged. Unfatisned monies to be paid out Of the next aid, or out of the sinking fund. Commissioners to appoint per-fens to pay oft principal fumi, which shall from time to time be in comb 1 of payment upon exchequer bills. Money, as brought in, to be paid to ! the paymasters. Bills to be registered in course. when interest to cease. j Pay matters liable to the controul of the treasury. Treasury to settle fahiriet I of clerks, &c and to contract with per Cons to circulate bills, tiro. Con- { i raftors not disabled from being members of parliament: May lower CC raise the interest with consent of treasury. Contractors how to be furidt j Nq fee to be taken. No interest for less than one penny. Charges to be, paid out of the sinking fund: to be replaced out of the tint supplies. Claiftb of relief for bills lost or destroyed. Bills discharged to be cancelled. Sink* i ing tuod appropriated to discharge national debts incurred before #5 Dec,]

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 3, 4, 5.

1716. Deficiency of malt tax Geo. 3. how to be supplied. Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the supplies granted for the year

1766.

CAP. III.

An act for allowing the importation of corn and from his Majesty's colonies in America, into this for a limited time, free of duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation of corn and grain, from his Majesty's colonies in America into Great Britain, will vantageous to these kingdoms', may it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by he King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and onfentof the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ircfent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's Libertygrant-iibjeAs to import into Great Britain, in any ship or vessel navi- ed to import ?ted according to law, at any time or times before the twenty com andwmm linth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty [eft/, colonies ix, any corn or grain (rice excepted) from any of his Majesty's Sn America at atonies in America, without the payment of any subsidy, cu- any time beam, duty, or imposition whatsoever; any thing in any former tors, r other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any fr7w/ u rile notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An act for allowing the importation of oats and oatmeal into

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation of oats and oatmeal into this kingdom, for a limited time, dutyfree would be an

!t* to his Majesty's subjects; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted fthe King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice id consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, i this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of ic same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Liberty given Majesty's subjects to import into Great, in any ship or10 import oats

rflel navigated according to law, at any, time or times before anytime be- le twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred fom 19 Sept." id sixty fixj unless a shorter term shall be fixed for that pur- 1766. duty-aft by any act to be passed in this session of parliament, any ffee > oantity of oats or oatmeal, without the payment of any sub- term be fixed <y, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; any thing in any by any future inner or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof act of this any wise notwithstanding. session.

CAP. V.

Si 08to prohibit the exportation of com, grain,

four., bread, biscuit, and Jlarch, for a limited time.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS the exportation of any sort of grain,

Mr meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and Jlarch out of the kingdoms'Great Britain or Ireland, may at this time be greatly prejudicial

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 5. [1765.

to his Majesty's subjects; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, no person or persons whatsoever, at any time or times before the twenty sixth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, shall directly or indirectly export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed, out of or from the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or load (Sr lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board. Great Britain in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be exported or or Ireland, at carrjed out of the said kingdoms of Great Britain or IrelanJt foreAug. any ^ort com> gra'n> malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, or, 7665*(larch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mention-

ed; that is to say, That all the said commodities that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried out, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall forfeit such corn, &c. the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel of corn, grain, and nd. per malt, meal, or flour; and twelve pence of lawful money of Great Britain for every pound weight of bread, biscuit, or (larch, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall be so exported, shipped, or put on board to be exported; and also the ship, boat, or vessel, upon which any of the said com-furniture, &c. modities shall be exported, shipped, or laden to be exported, to^hiTcrown anc* a^ her guns* tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeit the other to*ed; and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other-moiety to him or them that will sue for the same; and for of-edbya^onot ^ences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain debt, &c. in called England, fifeh penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or before the justices of assize, or at the great sessions in TValesy or by information at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be committea; and in such suit, no cflbin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ by action or summary bill, or information, in the courts of fcllion or exchequer in Scotland; and for offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, of place, where the offence shall be committed; and that themaster and themaster an<* mariners of any such ship, boat, or vessel, wherein any such of the vessel offence shall be committed, knowing such offence, and wit-being privy to, tingly and willingly aiding and assisting the reunto, and beiiUL theief^to be ^lere°f duly combed in any such courts as aforesaid, (hal commuted for be imprisoned for the space of three months, without bail or three month*, mainprise.

No com, or grain, or other of the commodities here enumerated, to be exported, or laid on board for exportation, from

on forfeiture of the same, together with 20 s. per bushel for all

lib# for all such bread. Sec. with the vessel, her tackle and the prosecutor}

to be recover-

the respective courts here mentioned

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 5. 5

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers im-That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, Powere<*. being an officer or officers of the customs, or being lawfully au- o/^h/said^ thorized in this behalf, by the lord high treasurer of Great Bri- commodities tain, or the of of the treal ury for the time being, by this act, or or any three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the b/ Proclama« laid commodities not allowed to be exported by this act, or byr

his Majesty's royal proclamation, or such order of council in prohibited, HJrsuance of this act, as he or they shall happen to find, know, n discover, to be laid on board any ship or other vessel or boat ^"nd iJJen e it sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to on board any: he intent or purpose to be exported, transported, or conveyed vessel, in or->ut of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent of for c*P°r-: his aft, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in which the fameutloni shall be found, and to bring the said goods to the King's ware-louse or warehouses belonging to the custom-house next to the dace where such seizures shall be made, or to some other safe dace (where there are no such warehouses) in order to be pro-reeded against according to law, and in case of recovery, to be livided according to the directions of this act.

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein necessary pro-rontained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation, or car- visions for ying oat, of such or so much of the said commodities, as shall -JJ1 iVe Kng's >e necessary to be carried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or or merchants refiels, in their respective voyages for the sustenance, diet, and service, upport, of the commanders, masters, mariners, passengers, or

xhers, in the same ships or vessels only; or for the victualling

providing any of his Majesty's mips of war, or other for the ships or vessels in his Majesty's service; or for his Majesty's ^"c^ed°.rce# forces, forts, or garrisons; any thing herein contained to the *contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- aif0 such of tdned, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons, to the said com-Ikip or put on board any of the commodities aforesaid, to be

carried coastwise; that is to say, from any port, creek, or mem- \q be car-| ber of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other Hed coaitwife port, creek, or member of the same respectively, having such only; j or the like coast cocquet or sufferance for that purpose, and such ha*5ng, or the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and /"d

fifchsuging the same, in some other port, member, or creek, of curity being*the foid kingdoms, and returning a certificate in six months, as given for the; if required by law, in cases where goods which are liable to pay oue ! dories on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of a^rtffi-" Great Britain to another, and not otherwise. cate thereof"

V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- within fix tained, shall not extend to any of the said commodities, which months;

shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from fucbo?tiKffeid Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, or commodities from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar* or Minorca, or unto as shall be ex-

Sof his Majesty's islands or colonies in America, that have ported from illy been supplied with any of the said commodities from

B 3 GuaCm '

6 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 5. [1765.

from Ireland Great Britain or Ireland, for the sustentation of the inhabitants to'Great Bri- of the fajj colonies, or dominions, or for the benefit of

thenU°toGib^ t*lc British fishery in those parts only; so as the exporter do, before raltar or Mi- the shipping or laying on board the same, declare the island, colo-norcaj the A- ny, or dominion, islands, colonies, or dominions, for which the "Crkanfi£!r commodities are respectively designed, and do become bound ri*Hthere* thew^ other sufficient securities, in treble the value thereof, to exporter giv- the of or chief officer or officers of his Majesty's ?^customs belonging to the port or place where the same shall be

shipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to

ing securuy for the due landing,

and for producing*certificate thereof.

take such security in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use) that such commodities shall not be landed or fold in any parts whatsoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, islands, or colonies, for which the same shall be so declared*and that a certificate under the hand and seal of the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, or if no such, or the naval officer, or some other principal officer of the port where the same shall be landed, shall within the respective times, herein after for that purpose mentioned, (the dangers of the Teas excepted) be returned to the officers, who took the said bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the same shall be so declared; and for the taking of such security, and giving such certificate (which the respective officers are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward shall be demanded or received; and if any officer shall such security, make any false certificate of any such commodities being so org-bna landed, such officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, ettes*1116* anc* employment, and be incapable of serving his Maje-

rant- fly, his heirs, or successors, in any office relating to the customs; [e cer- and if any person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such certificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased, or false certificate, he shall forfeit the sum of two. hundred pounds, and such certificate shall be void and of no effect*which said penalties, for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be recovered in the same courts, and in the same manner, as the other penalties inflicted by this act are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or' thASnsMind m anV other chief court of civil or criminal jurisdiction in such the other to respective colonies, plantations, or dominions; and shall be the informer, divided into eaual moieties between his Majesty and the infor-Bond to be merj an(j the said bond or bonds, if not prosecuted within three

withi^tcart years> ^a^ void.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-/Ufo excepted tend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the British forts, use of the Bri* ca^cs> and factories, in Africa, or for the use of the ships tiih forts in trading upon that coast, that usually have been supplied with Africa, or vef- the same from Great Britain or Ireland \ so as the like security t^etof* Bivcn ^or cxPortinS thereof, as is required by this act to ing security

2

No fee to be taken by the officer taking

officer granting a false < tincate, it incapacitated, and forfeits iool.

and person counterfeiting, or fhlfify-ing any such, forfeits iool. and the certificate void;

17^5-3 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 5.;

be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America.

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- also fcch of the tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England c<Hnmodi-trading to the East Indies, from exporting any of the said commodities to any of their forts, factories, or fetdcmenrs, for the East India support of the persons redding the re; so as the like security be company to given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be theirforts, &x. given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America.*

VIII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein cost-^wj, eaf> tained, shall not extend to any wheat, malt, or barley, to be malt, orbar-transported out of or from the port of Southampton only, unto icy* expprted the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, for the

only use of the inhabitants of those islands; so as the exporter, t{£Pufc^tj, e before the lading of such wheat, malt, or barley, or laying the inhabitants of same on board, do become bound with other sufficient security, J«r*ty and (which the customer or comptroller of the same port hath hereby ^crafey power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use>^exporter and for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken) giving kauri* that such wheat, malt, or barley, shall be landed in the said ty.&c..islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or one of them (the dangers of seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are herein before required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose herein after mentioned > and so as the quantity of wheat, malt, and barley, which at any time or times after the passing and so as the of this act, and before the said twenty sixth day of August^ one quantity thousand seven hundred and sixty six, shall be shipped at the ^quartert said port for Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, as aforesaid, in the whole, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand quarters; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the customs for the time being shall,

and they are hereby required to give a full and true account in ftomstolav* writing to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of the before both next session thereof, of all corn, grain, malt, meal, flour, bread, houses of par-biscuit, and starch, that shall, before that time, be exported to aunt of the any place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of the quantities of liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purnofe. corn, &c. exported iii pursuance of the powers here granted.

X. Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall extend Malt declared to any malt declared or made for exportation, and barley fieeped, and made M and entered at the excise office, to be made into malt for expor- exportation, txtionon or beforethe passing of this act, which shall be exported1; steeped^and provided the proprietor or proprietors thereof shall produce to entered' to be the collector or chief officer of the port where such malt shall be made into exported, a certificate or certificates from the officer or officers

srith whom the entry of the com intended to be made into such jjf0 excepted!

B 4 malt* tttv&roxfe

the port of exportation; aHo excepted such other of the aforesaid commodities as shall be cleared out

8 Anno sexto Georgii III. c.

[1765.

being produ- malt for exportation shall have been made, that the said malt ccd thereof was actually declared or made for exportation, and the said bar-perofficer^at>" lcy steeped, and entered at the excise office, to be made into malt for exportation, on or before the passing of this act; nor to any other of the commodities aforesaid which shall be cleared out for exportation at any custom-house within Great Britain, on or before the passing of this act; or at any custom-house in Ireland, on or before the passing of this act, but that such ships or vessels shall be permitted to proceed on their voyagaa; any thing herein cleared out contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. thhaft?

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing

Rice also ex- here contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice cepted. out of this kingdom.

His Majesty

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority impoweredby aforesaid, That in case his Majesty, at anytime or times before ^<orderaof>n, t^ie twenty day August> one thousand seven hundred councilltoper- a°d ^xtY (*n h*s royal discretion) judge it to be mod

mit, if he shall for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom, to permit the judge proper, exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuir,

tioVot^fan(* ^arc^>or any t*iem > r^at ^en fhaiianc* may ^aw"

the Tsaid com- ^to ar)d forfi>s Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council to be published in the Lon* don Gazette^ixom time to time to permit and suffer all and every person and persons, natives and foreigners, but not any particular person or persons, at any times or times before the said twenty sixth day of August, to export or carry out of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or out of both or either of them, all or any of the commodities aforesaid, to all or any other place or places, and upon or without giving security for the landing thereof in such place or places, and returning certificates of such landing, as to his Majesty shall seem meet, and as in such proclamation or proclamations, or such orders of council to be published in the London Gazette, shall be expressed and declared; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all certificates of the landing and discharging of the said commodities to be exported other than coast-wife, shall be returned within the respective times following; that is to say. Where the bonds are taken in respe<St of any of the said commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland to any of the said colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of the said bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, within six calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain^ within six calendar months after the date of such bonds respectively.

modifies at any time before the said «6 AngutL

Times limited for returning certificates.

1765.]

9

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 6, -7:

CAP. VI.

An act for extending the provisions of an act made in the last session of parliament, for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Leflness, in the county of Kent, to the hunched of Wallington in the county of Surrey.

CAP. VII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited bylaw, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be fiamped according to the several acts of parliament now in force for that purpose, or, having been fiamped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly fiamped.

WHEREAS divers persons who, on account of their offices, preambic

places, employments, or prosessions, or any other cause or citing the tel occasion, ought to have token and subscribed the oaths, or the assurance, yeralqualify-respectively appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed, in and in£ acts of by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, of glorious memory, intituled An act for the* Geo. i, further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors; or to ij Car. i, have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth yjtar of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the well governing and regulating corporations j or to have qualified5 Car*» themselves according to another act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish rccufants, by receiving the sacrament of the Lord's Supper according to the usage of the church ^England, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned; or according to another act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 3oCan» intituled An act for the more effectual preserving the King's person and government, by disabling papists from fitting in either house of parliament; or according to another act made in the eigh-, g Geo. « teenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, '1 intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled.

An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace; or according

So another act made in the second year of the reign of his present Ma- Geo. j«

fifty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one

Farther time to 2S Nov. 1766, allowed

10 Anno sexto Georgii III. a 7. [1765.

act of parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; have, through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and.ajfuranee, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesauL, within such timey and ih such manner, as in and by the said acts respectively^ or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in danger of incurring divers penalties and disabilities: For quieting the minds of his Majestfs subjects, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise bappeubymeans of such omissionSi be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma-jeuy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons, who shall, on or before the twenty eighth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyfix, take to persontwho and subscribe the said oaths and assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by law the said oaths and assurance ought to have themselves, as been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and such the said laws place and places, as are appointed in and by the said act made in direct. the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, or by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided; and also receive the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and make and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation, in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought to have been received, and the said declaration ought to have been made and subscribed; and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed; and also, being a deputy lieutenant or officer of the militia, shall, on or before the first day of August % one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, leave his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, with whom he is, by the said act made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, required to leave the same; mall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of any former neglect or omission of taking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking and subscribing the said oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace respectively, according to the above, mentioned acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts, is and

Wn them- arc anc* an<* a(^ua^Y recapacitated ^nd restored to the gives in man - ftnie ^ate and condition as such person or persons were before ner, and with such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged tp in the time, have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the caEdtated^" above-mentioned acts, and every of them; and that all acts and Lodcmni* d°nc or to be done ty any person or persons or by authority

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 7. ii

ricy derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity, as the same or any of them would have been, if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oaths or assurance, and received the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, according to the direction of the said acts, and every of them j and that such person or persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time, appointed by this act, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual, as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- oBceo1-tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore or ready avoid* intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, be- ed by judge* nefice, matter, or thing, whatsoever, already actually avoided

by judgement of any of his Majesty's courts of record, already filled up or enjoyed by any other person; but such office, em- finned, ployment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now intitled to the same, as if this act had never been made.

III. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- Kone indem-

tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify nified where any person against whom final judgement shall have been given final judge-in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having the penalty neglected to qualify himself within the time limhed by law, or any incurred, person who shall have omitted to qualify himself within the time limited by any act or acts of parliament made during the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments.

IV. And whereas admissions of divers members and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or the entries of such admtssions in the court books, rolls, or records of such cities, corporations, and borough towns, which, by several acts of parliament, are directed and required to he stamped, may not have been provided, or the same not duly/tamped^ or may have been lost or mislaid; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the relief of such persons Such persons whose admissions, or the entries of whose admissions as aforesaid, whose admis-may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where Goni may not 1he same have been loft or mistaid, it shall and may be lawful h*e.been to and for such persons, on or before the twenty eighth day of notify November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, to provide, starapt, or or cause to be provided, admissions, or entries of admissions as which have aforesaid, duly stamped, and such persons so providing admis- or

i. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 8. [1765.

Nov. 1766, to provide, See. the same j

and they are thereupon m-demnifiedj&c.

Where any shall desire to have their ad-mifliom renewed.

a hail is to be summoned for granting copies, and confirming such aduiimons.

fions, or entries ofadmissionsas aforesaid duly stamped, are and fc shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as member or members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and borough towns respectively, to all intents and purpose9, and shall and may hold, and enjoy, and execute the same, or any other office or offices into which he or they hath or have been elested, not-ivirhstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of their predecessors in such cities, corporations, or borough towns, as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and damages, by reason of any such omission, and none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

V. Provided always, That when and as often as any member or members, officer or officers, of any city, corporation, or borough town, shall desire to have his or their admissions, or the entries of their admissionSjas aforesaid, renewed or confirmed in manner aforesaid, the mayor or other chief magistrate of such city, corporation, or borough town, shall, and he is hereby required in every such case, upon notice given to him by any one or more member or members, officer or officers, of any such city, corporation, or borough town respectively, to summon a hall, common council, or other proper publick meeting, within ten days after such notice given to him, for the purpose of admitting or granting copies, or renewing and confirming the admissions, or the entries of the admissions, of such persons as aforesaid.

CAP. VIII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[Preamble.]

Number of forces 17, 306, including 1, 513 invalids. After 24 March 1766, during the continuance of this act, every officer and private man, who shall mutiny or desert, Sec. or lift in any other regiment, &c. or shall be found sleeping on, or shall desert, bispost, or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or mall strike, or disobey his Ibperior officerj shall suffer death or such punishment as a court-martial shall inflict. The King may grant a commission to hold a court-martial. Sec. Courts-martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, &c. General court martial not to consist of less than 13; and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. May administer an oath to witnesses. Officers to be sworn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. Theoath. Infentences or death, nine officers to concur, &c. Hours of trial. Deserter may be adjudged to serve in any corps abroad for life, or a term of years } but returning without leave before expiration of such term, he shall suffer death. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings, &c. of courts-martial to be trans-niitted to the judge advocate general in London, &c. None to be tried a second time for the same offence, except in case of appeal. This act not to exempt soldiers from ordinary process. Penalty on false certificates to excuse soldiers from, mutters. Penalty on officers making false mutters, &c. Fictitious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the mutter-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false mutter. Mutter-matter to give notice of mutter to mayor, Sec. Penalty on mutter-i matter neglecting so to do. Mutter-rolls to be signed by the mayor, Stc. Penalty on persons offering themselves to be falsly muttered. Horses falsly muttered, to be forfeited. See. Forfeiture howto be levied. Officer embezil-military stores, to be cashiered, and forfeit ioqI and the damage

to

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 8.

he made good by (ate of his goods and chattels; for want of distress,

; per ion to be committed. Application of the forfeiture. Muiter-ma-rr. arc. taking a mutter, to make oath. The oath. Mutter-rolls, though lnsmitted without the oath indorsed to the paymasters general, to be vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agent, Sec. detaining officer's or tier's pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents Ji(obeying of orders. Sur-See. within ten miles of London, &c. to certify who are Tick; and mmanding officer, who are employed in raising recruits. Penalty onof-: rr muttering persons by wrong names. Con (tables, &c. to quarter officers nd men in inns, alehouses, &c. But in no diitillers houses, or Ihopkeep-:. or in any private houses. Penalty on constables, See. quartering fol-in private houses, &c. Penalty on officers quartering soldiers contrary.tuis act, dec. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain v any justices, and be rettcyed. No justice having any military office, to ye concerned in billeting his soldiers. Officers and soldiers to pay rates or their provisiens. What innholders may allow men quarter'd on them, m'Tead ot me At. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from m-iriering. Dragoons, See. and their horses, to be billeted in the same Lrafe. Manner of changing men and horses. Clause relating to a soldier's settlement for his wife and children. Officers, &c. to be quartered in Scot-hnd as the laws in force at the union direct. No paymaster, Sec. to make JiAuctions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Treasury may clue out the money due for clothing every two months. Paymasters to dec-jit the off reckonings. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of sublist-er.re-money in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, he. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying subsistence-money. L'n nonpayment of quarters, the officer to make up accounts, &c. No cotter in Westminster, See. but in the presence of two or more justices. Constables, See. may billet soldiers In Westminster, &c. Petty constables, he. to quarter soldiers in their respective divisions. Constables, &c. to de-iher lifts at quarter sessions, on oath, of inhabitants, and soldiers quartered in their respective divisions; to be inspected without fee. Copies of such lifts to be wrote by the clerk, at id. per lheet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lifts. Howto be levied. This act to extend to Jersey. See. Muster-rolls to be doled on day of muster, and returned to the paymaster of the forces, &c. Penalty. Justices may order constables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, &c. Penalty on constables. Sec. neglect. Treasurers of the county to repay the constables extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No waggon, dec. to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland bow to oe provided. Soldiers wives, &c. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or soldiers destroying the game. How the account of every regiment shall be kept. Penalty on paymasters, hue. Penalty on colonels. Non-commission officer embezziling lokliers pay. Sec- to be reduced, &c. Justices may commit deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes. Sec. Penalty on officer breaking open house without warrant. His Majesty impowered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be so punishable by this act. Deserters beyond sea, Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This act to extend to deserters, See. in Ireland, &c- Persons acquitted by the civil magistrate, may only be cashiered by a court-martial. Persons at-cased of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate, Joe. Paymasters, Sec. to account with executors. Persons sued may plead the general issue. Treble costs. All suits to be brought in fume of the courts of record at WeAtninfler or Dublin, or the court of session in Scotland. Continuance of this act. Penalties against the act 1 George j. where to be filed for. No volunteer liable to process, unless for some criminal otter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 101. Oath of the debt to ht made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. Penalty on taking ouey to excuse any person from quartering; or victuallers refuting to quarter JbJdiers. Justices may order con fables to give an account of the number

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 9. [1765.

jnimber of soldiers quartered, &c. How the troops are to pay in passing over ferries in Scotland. Clause for relief of persons hastily lifting themselves. Persons refilling the said relief, to be proceeded against as if duly lifted. Offences against former mutiny acts punishable by this act. Norte liable to be tried or punished for offences against former acts unless committed within three years; except for desertion. Officers, Sec. of the trains of artilleiy subject to this act. American troops, acting in conjunction with British forces, liable to the same martial laws. Officers and soldiers of the American troops sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billeted as the British forces, and under the same regulations and penalties. Where any corps beyond Teas shall be relieved in order to return home, such of the men as shall choose may be inlisted, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting such former corps to be recited in the inlisting certificate. This act not to extend to the militia farther than is directed by the militia laws. As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the land and marine forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial; taking rank according to the seniority of their commissiont

CAP. IX.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in - Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

[Preamble.]

1, 037, 814l. 15s. and nd. to be raised in Great Britain. 1, 989, 1701. 14s. and9d. to be raised in England, in one year, from 15 Mir. 1766. Personal estates (except desperate debts, flock on land, boufhold goods and loans to his Majesty) to pay 48. in the pound. Employments of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to pay 4s. per pound* Pensions and annuities out of the exchequer, Sec. to pay. See. Lands, tenements, mines. See. to be charged with equality and indifference. Sec. Lands, Sec. subject to relit-charges, annuities. Sec. Commissioners of the land tax for the year 1761, to put this act in execution. Commissioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1766, as by the act 4 W. Se M. and may subdivide themselves, Sec. A lift of the of to act in each division, to be given to the receiver-general. Commissioners to summon fit persons to be assessors, who are to appear before them in 8 days5 and then to give them a charge. Persons ablcnting, or refusing to serve, forfeit, not exceeding 51, nor lets than 40 s. Assessors to be two at least, and flifficient inhabitants. Assessments to be brought in at a day and place pre-fixt. The full sum charged to be assessed. A certificate of the assessment to be brought in, with the collectors names. Assessors, Sec. neglecting their duty, to be fined not above 401. Assessors to deliver one copy of the assessments to the of Duplicates thereof to be signed, Sec. and one delivered to the collectors, Sec. with warrant for collecting. Commissioners required to give collectors notice at what time and place the appeal of any person who shall think hhnfelf aggrieved, by being over-rated, may be heard and determined. A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the assessors and collectors to the receiver general; and one to the remembrancer's office, by 8 Aug. 1766, or % o days after (all appeals first determined.) Remembrancer to give receipts gratis on penalty of 101. The rates, to be levied on the parties orpremisles, and to be paid to the receivers-general. Sec. The money colleoed to be paid to the receiver-general, or deputies $ and they to give of notice. Collectors not obliged to travel above 10 miles. Removal or death of receiver-general to be notify'd to the of 497, 467l. 13*. and 8d. 1 q. for the first quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 04 June, 1766. The second payment by 19 Sept. 1766. The third payment by$ Dec. 1766. The last payment by 05 March, 1767. Receiver-general within a month after receiving the full sum charged, to give the commifi-iioners a receipt: which shall he a full discharge for payment. Receivers* general within xo days to pay the monies into the exchequer. Receiver-general allowed id. in the pound. Collectors to have 3d. 19 the pound* Commissioners clerks to have three halfpence in the pound. Collectors may levy by distress in case of refuial of payment. Distress to be kept.four days at the owner's chargej then appraised and fold, and overplus

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii.III. c 9-

returned, Sec. Commissioners to determine differences about distrefe. For want of distress, offender may be committed. (Except a peer or a peeress of Great Britain.) Tenants to pay the tax, and deduct to ruuch out of the rents. Tenants discharged for what they so pay. Commissioners to settle differences between landlord and tenant. Commissioners to cause all deficiencies to be re afleffect, and made good. Assessor refusing to serve, to forfeit, not exceeding 401. Fine not to be discharged but by commissioners who impoted it 5 and levied by distress or imprisoninent, and paid into the exchequer, and inserted in the duplicates. Collectors detaining the money, to be imprisoned, their estates seized and fold, &c. Coramif-(ioners to examine whether the Turns assessed be duly collected, Sec. In case of controversies in assessing of, the Commissioners concerned to withdraw. In default to be fined, not above so I. No privileged place or person exempt from this tax. Fee-farm rents, &c, to be taxed. Tenants to pay the rates. Colleges, &c. in the universities, Sec. not chargeable: nor the lioules or lands which before the 15th of March, 1693, did belong to Christ's Hospital, &c. Nor corporation of clergymens Tons, Bromley college, or any otoer hospitals. No tenants of hospitals, Uc. to claim any exemption. Such tenants not discharged, who by Icafes are obliged to pay taxes. Commissioners to determine now far lands, &c. belonging to hospitals, Sec. not exempted by name, ought to he charged.

All hospitals lands, Sec. assessed by 4 W. & M. liable to this aid, and no other. Receivers of fee-farm rents, &c. to allow 48. per pound to the parties, without fee, on penalty of01. Auditors, &c. setting tenants tmfaptr for what ought to be allowed, or refusing allowance, to forfeit 100l. Such fee-farm rents only to have an allowance of 4s. per pound, as are answerable to the crown, or were purchased according to is Se Car. 1. The owners to allow the same to the party paying. Lifts of penhons, Scc9 to be delivered gratis to the assessors. Taxes on penflons, See. not paid, to be stopt in the exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money stopt. Persons to be taxed in the parish where they dwell. No proviso to leifen the full sum by this act to be levied. Contracts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided. All places to pay where usually assessed. West Barnfield to be assessed in the lathe of Skray, Com* Kent'. Northmore, Com* Oxon. in Bampton. Charlbury, Scc. in Chadl ing-ton. Leeds, Com* Ebor. in Shyrack. Ombersley, Com* Worcester, in in Oswaldflow hundred. Aldemaston, in Oswaldllow hundred. Parish of Yanlley, in Halfshire hoodied. Forest of Chute, where the first 4 s. aid was assessed- Upton, in Perfhore hundred. Calder and Ayre, at Wakefield and Leeds. Inhabitants of apar: ments, See. in Somerset House, to be assessed in the same proportion with those in Lancaster liberty. General jflue. Treble costs. Where lands, Scc. are unoccupied, and no distress found, collectors may distrain at any time after. Wood may be cut down, and fold for distress. (Timber trees excepted) Tithes, tolls, See. not paid within 6 days after demand. Sec. may be seized and fold. Receiver-general returning persons who have paid the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble damages to the party grieyed, and to his Majesty double the Turn To returned. Commissioners to assess the assessors. None compelled to be af* ftflbn out of the sunks of the city, See. Assessments on foreign ministers houses to be paid by the landlords. In places extraparochial of to nominate assessors and collectors. Sec. No commissioner, &c. liable to any other penalties than such as are inflicted by this act. Commissioners not to act without taking the oaths by 1 Geo. 1. Sec. Acting before oaths taken, forfeit00 I. Officers to pay where employed, &c. Officers in Chancery to be assessed in the rolls liberty. Annuities where rated. Pensions where payable. Per Tonal estates, where persons resident, Sic. Persons not boofholders, where resident. Absent persons to be rated where they were last resident. Goods, Sec. to be assessed where they shall be. Persons doubly rated, discharged on certificate. Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jer-iry, or Guernsey. Persons avoiding the tax, charged treble. Housholdera to give an account of their lodgers, on forfeiture of $1. Shares in the New River, Sec. to pay 4s. per pound. Shares in the Fire Office, and in (faoLighta, and the King's Pnnting House to pay 4s. per pound. Merchants, bank of England, post office, See. to be paid by the governors. Governors

Itu

Anno sexto Georgii III. [1765.

Sic. of the river-waters, and water-works, refuting to pay the collectors impowered to levy the sum by distress and sale. Pam Its 18 years of age not taking the oaths i W. & M. to pay double: unless taken within io days after the of first meeting. Persons 18 years of age refuting the oaths, to pay double. Commissioners to summon suspected persons. See. Quakers to subscribe the declaration i W. & M< Commissioners to double assess pa pills, where assessors omit. Tenants discharged from double rates. King's Bench, Marshalsea prison, &c. to be assessedin Saint George's parish, See. Officers of the Marshalsea court refuting to pay. See. collectors by warrant from of may distrain. If no goods sufficient, of* ficer to be imprisoned. Fleet prison to be assessed in St. Bride's. Officers at Stoke Damrel, near Plymouth, to be assessed within the town of Plymouth, See. Hospital at Eait Stonehouse to be assessed also within the town of Plymouth, See. so I. to be paid out of the sum assessed on the said officers, in in aid of the assessment on East Stonehouse. Water-works in Southwark to be assessed in Surrey. Water-works in Westminster to be assessed there. Offices, See in Whitehall and St. James's, to be there assessed. Collectors of the water-works in Colchester chargeable. Collectors for the waterworks in New Windsor, chargeable. Patent officers to bishopricks to pay where assessed in 1693. Commissioners appointed to ad, without subdividing the parish of St. Andrew Holborn in. Middlesex. The parish of St. George Hanover Square to be charged with a distinct quota from the parish of St. Martin in the Fields. Debates arising concerning the joint quota $ the of who are inhabitants of either parish to withdraw, or to be fined a sum not exceeding sol. The parishes of St. John, St. Peter, and Berchington, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the assessment 4 W. & M. Lands not worth sos. per annum, not chargeable. Collectors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 401. Receiver-general misapplying the monies to forfeit 5001. Commissioners of the treasury. See, not ro divert the payments into the exchequer. No Noli prosequi. Sec. in any suit against this act. Commissioners to abate where lands are overcharged, and to re-affess, See. or raise it on persons undercharged. Receiver-general answerable for deputies. Sub-collector not to travel above ten miles, Sec. Receivers not nominating deputies, Sec. to forfeit 100 1. Commissioners for the county at large may act for any city, Sec. Mayors, bailiffs, Sec. to act as of specially appointed. Members of parliament to be taxed at their mantion-houses. First meeting for the west riding of York at PontefraCl; north riding at Thirsk 5 east riding at Beverly. No commissioner capable toad in any county at large, unless rated at 100l. per ann. (Merioneth, Cardigan, See. excepted.) Commissioners for Anglesea, Sec. to act, if taxed at 601, per ann. Commissioners may act for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court, Scc. Attornies, &c. not to be of, without possessing tool, per ann. No commissioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin le Grand, to ad, unless rated at0 1. per ann. of his own eslate, Sec. No commissioner of the city. Sec. of Westminster to act, unless rated at 201, per ann. of hisownestate. Persons distbied, presuming to ad, to forfeit 501. Collectors of the new water-works in Exon, chargeable. Her ran jesty the Queen not chargeable $ nor her royal highntls the Princess dowager of Wales; nor her royal highness the Princess Amelia. Superannuated sea officers not to pay, Scc. nor poor knights of Windsor. Rd^lentiaries in what cases not chargeable. Nor 1001. per aim. to the poor clergy of the isle of Man. Nor pages of honour. Receivers-generaf to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. Commissioners for Lincoln to ad in Lincoln Close. And for the county, in St. Martin Stamford Baron. Auditor to keep a register. Sec. Deputies to pay {or principals, and on nonpayment liable to distress. Receiver-general t6 give a lilt of money received by him, at the time and place appointed. On refusal, to forfeit any sura not exceeding 101. Collectors may keep so much money as any 2 of judge reasonable. No receiver to return an infuttr upon any county. Sec. after 3 years, for monies in arrear j but the same to be a debt 011 him and his securities* Sheriff, on writs of Distringas, to return iflbes after the rate of 5l. per cent, of the lum set infupery and process to issue thereupon, &c. Waterworks in Shrevtfbury chargeable. Who shall have the benefit only of over-

plug

*7

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 10.

plus Turns uncharged. Clause for the case of proteHants, to whom lands, &c. have come, which have been doubly taxed. Where lands formerly doubly taxed are liable only to a Angle assessment; of, on complaint, to examine into the truth thereof, and to certify the same to the barons of the exchequer, before 19 Sept. 1766; who are to dischargt thd overplus before the lait day of Nov.766. Certificates of the fumsdif* charged to be produced to the of at their next meeting. Commissioners may summon collectors, who have converted land tax monies to their own use, or their heirs, See. and on examination may issue their warrants for paying such monies to his Majesty's use. The payments made according to the of warrants, Sec. shall be discharges to the collectors, or their heirs, &c. Collectors not paying, may be imprisoned, and their estates seized and fold. Arrears of former land taxes to be levied by the present of No receiver-general, or his agents, may (ue the county for a robbery, unless the persons carrying thfc money be 3 in company. Tells or duties on turnpikes not chargeable by this or any former act. Commissioners may, before9 Sept. 1766, summon assessors, who have not charged their estates since 6 May, 1717, and examine them upon oath, and award satisfaction, to be levied and paid to the collectors. Commissioners, Scc. to distinguish and set down the gross sums assessed for double taxes, to be transmitted in the exchequer. Assessmenta on the town of Cambridge to be raised on manors, See. and on fishings. See. on the river Cain. On whom, and when, yearly assessments on fairs. Sec. to be collected. Distresses on default of payment, how to be levied. Tenants of booths, Sec. to pay the rates, and deduct them out of their rents. Scc. 47*954-1- is. id. to be raised in Scotland, by an 8 months cess of £, 9941. <s. 1 d. 3q. per men fern$ to be rated as the tax roll now h or shall be settled by theinlelves. The first two months cess to be paid by4 June, 1766. Second 19 Sept. 1766. Third5Dec. 1766. Fourth sc March, 1767. Commissioners for putting this act in execution in Scotland. And execution to be done as by the said acts. First meeting to be at the head burghs on 30 April, 1766. All clauses in former acts relating to the bringing in the cess. See. to be in full force. No persons in Scotland holden to produce their receipts after 3 years. Debtor owing money in Scotland at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from 11 Nov. 1765, to 11 Nov. 1766. 47, 954l. is. scf. to be raised free of all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. No person to be a commissioner of the land tax in Scotland, who is not enfeoft of 1001. Scots per ann. real relit, in the county where he acts. Exception. Commissioners in Scotland to take the oaths, and subscribe the assurance. Provost, Sec. of any royal borough may ad as a commissioner. Clause of loan at 31. 10s. per cent. Tallies of loan tc be struck. Sec. Orders to be registered and paid in course. No fee for registering, See. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the same day t nor if fuofe-quest orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course. Orders assignable. Commissioners of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common sum, or different films, in theprin-cipal monies. Bills to bear interest at 31.10 s. per cent, per ann. Theft bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treasury to direct the course of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. The Dills to be placed as cash in the exchequer. Clauses in the malt tax ad relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. How the monies arising by this act shall be applied. Treasury on ao Sept. 1767, to take an account of all monies raised and discharged. Unsatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or oat of the sinking fund. The monies to be replaced out of the first (applies. Deficiency of the land tax, Geo. 3. how to be supplied.

CAP. X.

[Preamble.]

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on (bore. After 15 March 1766, during the continuance of this act, every marine officer and private man on shore, who shall mutiny or desert, &c. or lift in any other regiment, &c. or shall be found ileeping on, oY shall iefert hit post, or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall strike. or difbbey his superior officer shall suffer death, or fOt. XXVLI. C safe

It

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 10. [1765.

such punishment as a court-martial shall inflid. The lord high admiral, or of for executing that office, may grant a commission to bold general courts-martial, Sec. Courts-martial may inflid corporal punishment for immoralities. See. Lords, See. of the admiralty impowered to make articles for punishment of mutiny and desertion. Sec. and to constitute courts-martial. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be so punifoable by this act. General court-martial not to con-fdt of less than 13; and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain. May administer an oath to witness es. Officers to be (worn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be (Worn. The oath. In sentencesof death, nineofficers to concur. See. Hours of trial. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the sentence suid proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings. See. of courts-martial, to be transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty, See None to be tried a second time for the same offence. Sentence not to be nevifed more than once. Desertert beyond sea. Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This act not to exempt any on more from ordinary process. Persons acquitted by the civil magistrate, may only be cashiered by a court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes. See. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate^ &c. Fidi ious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the muster-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false mutter. Pay mailer to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver. Con Gables, &c, to quarter officers and men in inns, alehouses, Sec. But in no distillers houses or foopkeepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on officers quartering private men contrary to this act, dec. Persona aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. Officers and marines to be furniQied at the rates herein set for their provisions. What innholders may allow men quartered on them, iu-stead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters. Con-{tables to billet the same accordingly. No paymaster. Sec. to make deductions out of officers or private men's pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of subsistence-money in their hands. Rates of Fob-fistence to be paid to innkeepers. Sec. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice of fubiiltence-money, and paying quarters, paymaster to satisfy them out of the company's next pay, and officers to tie cashiered. On moving from quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, Sec. Paymaster to pay the sura certified ter. Officers, Sec. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct. Justices to order constables to provide csrriages for the marine forces on their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, dec. Penalty on constables, fice.-neglect. Treasurers of the county to repay the constables extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No waggon, &c. to carry above so hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Marines wives, Sec. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game. Constables may apprehend desertert and carry them before a justice. Justices to commit them, and transmit an account to the secretary of the admiralty. Gaol-keeper to receive the subsistence of deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes, Sc c. This act to extend to deserters, Sec. in Ireland. Continuance of this act Offences against former acts may be enquired of and punished as under this act, provided no person be liable to be tried for offences committed 3 years before issuing the warrant for trial except in cases of desertion only. No volunteer liable to process, unless for (bme criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 101. oath of the debt io be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process, otherwise prisoner to be discharged, with costs. Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgement and execution. Penalty on constables, Sec. neglecting to quarter marines. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering, and on viduallers refuting to receive marines. To prevent abides in quartering, -justices may order coastabks to give an account of the number of officers, and private men, and where quartered. Clause for relief of persons hastily lilting the mselvfs. As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the marine and land forces may fit in conjunction upon courts martial $ taking rank according to the seniority of their commissions. Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any ships of war, are liable to be governed by the rules established by act 22 Geo. 2.

CAP. XI.

An act to repeal an act made in the last of session of parliament, intituled An act for granting and applying certain stamp duties, and other duties, in the British colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, protecting, and securing the same, and for amending such parts of the several acts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the said colonies and plantations, as direct the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Whereas an Act was passed in the last session of Parliament intituled An Act for granting and applying certain stamp duties, and other duties in the British colonies and plantations in America towards further defraying the expenses of defending, protecting, and securing the same; and for amending such parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the said colonies and plantations as direct the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned; and whereas the continuance of the said Act would be attended with many inconveniencies, and may be productive of consequences greatly detrimental to the commercial interests of these kingdoms; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of May, one thousand

[The recited act repelaed, to take place from and after 1 May, 1766.]

seven hundred and sixty-six, the above-mentioned Act, and the several matters and things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed and made void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XII.

An act for the better securing the dependency of his Majesty's dominions in America upon the crown and parliament of Great Britain.

[Preamble]

WHEREAS several of the houses of representatives in his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, have of late, against law, claimed to themselves, or to the general assemblies of the same, the sole and exclusive right of imposing duties and taxes upon his Majesty's subjects in the said colonies and plantations; and have, in pursuance of such claim, passed certain votes, resolutions, and orders, derogatory to the legislative authority of parliament, and inconsistent with the dependency of the said colonies and plantations upon the crown of Great Britain: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be declared; and be it declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[The colonies and plantations in America declared to be subordinate unto, and dependent upon the imperial crown and parliament of Great Britain; and the legislative authority of Great Britain declared to extend to, and bind the colonies and people of America, as subjects, in all cases whatsoever.]

That the said colonies and plantations in America have been, are, and of right ought to be, subordinate unto, and dependent upon the imperial crown and parliament of Great Britain; and that the King's majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, had, hath, and of right ought to have, full power and authority to make laws and Statutes of sufficient force and validity to bind the colonies and people of America, subjects of the crown of Great Britain, in all cases whatsoever.

[All resolutions and proceedings of the said colonies denying or calling in question the said power, declared null and void.]

II. And be it further declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all resolutions, votes, orders, and proceedings, in any of the said colonies or plantations, whereby the power and authority of the parliament of Great Britain, to make laws and Statutes as aforesaid, is denied, or drawn into question, are, and are hereby declared to be, utterly null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XIII.

An act to remove a doubt concerning such part of an act made in the last session of parliament, os relates to the ascertaining of the duties upon the importation of certain linen cloth of the manufacture of Russia; and to obviate all doubts with respeS to the importation of under certain licences authorized to be granted by an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty.

PmmVe, re- "W WHEREAS by an act made in the last session of cittng claus* ment, intitules. An act for the bitter feeuring and fur-in an act of ther improvement of the revenues of customs, excile, inland, tjvHaR and salt duties; and for encouraging the linen manufacture of the isle of Man, and for allowing the importation of several goods, the produce 4nd manufacture of the said island, under certain restrictions and regulations; it is amtngjl other things ailed. That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the duties payable upon the importation of unrated linen cloth, of the maseuf of Russia, cease and

ternune\ and that all the provisions and contained in any former act or acts of parliament, so far as the same relate to the the value of filth unrated linens, according to the oaths or affirmations of the importers, shall be repealed and made void; end that in lieu of the said duties thereby repealed, and after the first

x 7^5-3 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 13. 21

of June, out thousand seven hundred and sixty five, 0// fa or diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, whtcb shall be imported into Great Britain, shall be rated to pay the old subsidy, and all other subsidies or duties due for the same, according to the several rates and values in the said recited ail mentioned \ that is to say, all linen doth and diaper ^Russia, not otherwise rated, exceeding thirty one inches and one half of an inch in breadth, and not exceeding forty five inches in breadth, for every one hundred and twenty English ells,

Jix pounds; and for all linen cloth and diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, exceeding forty five inches in breadth for every one hundred and English ells, ten pounds \ and in that proportion for any greater sr less quantity of any of the said goods; and whereas fever a! quantities of linen cloth and diaper of Russia, exceeding twenty two inches and one half of an inch, and not exceeding thirty one inches and one half of an inch in breadth, have, fence the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, been imported into Great Britain, which fort of linen formerly paid duty ad valorem; and the same being omitted to be express, rated in the said recited a ft, doubts have arisen, whether the duties upon such linen are to be ascertained according to the former method, by the oath of the importer, or in proportion to the rates affixed by the said recited act upon Russia linen not otherwise rated, exceeding in breadth thirty one inches and one half of an inch: and whereas the proportion of such rates, when applied to Russia linen, exceeding twenty two inches and one half of an inch, and under thirty one inches and one halfof an inch in breadth, is four pounds for every one hundred and twenty English ells: now to obviate those doubts, and for supplying such omission, may it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pcefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all linen cloth and diaper of Russia, RnflSa1^|»r not otherwise rated, exceeding twenty two inches and one half J^c^ande^. of an inch, and not exceeding thirty one inches and one half of ceeding % % an inch in breadth, which have been, or shall be, imported into i-half inches any port or place within Great Britain, from and after the saidn breadth, first day ^f June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five,

shall be rated to pay the old subsidy granted by the act of ton- inches, im-nage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of ported after King Charles the Second, and all other subsidies, imports, and 1 June» duties whatsoever, payable for the same, according to the rate M here

and value of four pounds for every one hundred and twenty English ells of such linen, in the same manner, and by such rules, ways and means, as if the same had been particularly and expressly so rated and valued in the said recited act, made the last iession of parliament 3 any thing therein contained to the con-traiy notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the twenty eighth AM tl Geo. 1. year of the reigtofbis late majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An act for making more effectual the laws prohibiting the im-pfWkm oft JpriWOUt.liquors in cafltf or vessel* not containing I-K» ... C. 3 hxvj

it

Act tS Geo. i.

The act of iS Geo. *, declared not intended to prevent the granting licences for the importation of tea troni aey parts of Europe < or to binder any persons, other than the East India company, from duly imparting any quantities of tea, so as not to exceed the quantities )i-CDifed.

preamble, reciting aft

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14.

sixty galions, and of tea above the quantity of six pounds, found on board any British ship or vessel, not belonging to, or employed by, the East India company; netting, amongst other things, that n 01 wirhfi ending the several provisions made for preventing frauds, ships and vessels arriving from foreign parts frequently had on board tea, which tea was intended to be run on shore, with* out payment of the duties thereof; but in order to prevent the feizurt and forfeiture thereof, was brought into port, under pretence that tt was designtd for exportation, and was frequently reported for exportation to foreign parts, and nevertheless was afterwards run on shore 5 it was therefore enabled, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fven hundred and fifty Jive, all tea above the quantity of six pounds, which Should be found in any British ship or vessel arriving in Great Britain from foreign parts, excepting thoft belonging to, or employed by, the East India company, Should bo forfeited and lost, whether such tea Should be intended or reported for exportation or not: and whereas doubts have arisen, whether the powers contained in an off made in the eighteenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repealing the present inland duty of four shillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excite; and for pursuing offenders out of one county into another; to grant licences to any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate f other than the East India company) for the importation of tea into this kingdom from any fart of Europe, were not repealed by the said act made in the twenty eighth year of his said Majesty's reign: now for obviating such doubts, be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act, made in the twenty eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign, was not intended to extend, and doth not extend, to hinder or prevent the granting of any licence whatsoeveb, for the importation of tea in to this kingdom from anyparts of Europe; in pursuance of the powers contained in the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his said late majesty 5 or to hinder or prevent any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, other than the East India company, from i hi porting any quantities of tea, not exceeding the quantities for vriiich any such licence hath been or shall be granted, in any British ship whatsoever, navigated according to law, or to make tea so im-

Sorted liable to forfeiture; any thing in the said act notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An act for repealing the duties granted upon cyder and perry by an all made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof \ and for more effectually securing the duties on cyder and perry imposed by several former i; t.

WHEREAS certain duties cfexcise werthtidoittyder tmdJMJI

by an act of parliament Made in the third year of his present

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14. 23

Atajeftfs reigtr, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty fe- 1 Ge°*

veral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties; and divers provisions and directions, for and in relation to the managing, securing, ajurtaiuingy colleefingy recovering, Uvyingy and paying, the said duties upon cyder and perry, were enacted by the said at7, and by one other at1 of parliament made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain and amend, q such part of an act made in the last session of parliament, intitu- an*c*led, An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged cn the said dunesy as relates to cyder and perry made in this kingdom: and whereas great inconveniences have arisen from the manner of laying and collect* ing the J'aid duties: For remedy thereof, and in order to maintain your Majesty's revenue, and secure a proper and sufficient fund towards payment of such incumbrances as are now charged on those and other duties by the said act passed in the third year of your Majesty's reign; we, your Majesty's moll loyal and dutiful subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflenri-bled, think it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the hid duties on cyder and perry, and, in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty the several duties herein after mentioned; and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth pfom^ar day of Jufy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, all tCr5 July,* the duties granted and imposed upon cyder and perry, by the iy66, thedu-said act mule in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, fijTantfd shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities m to cease; given and granted, and all the rules and regulations established at also all the and prescribed by the said act made in the third year of his pre- powers and relent Majesty's reign, for or in relation to the managing, securing, by*

ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the^cm ad/ said duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in relped thereof, together with and also the said act made in the fourth year of his present Ma- ad

jetty's reign, shall determine, and be no longer put in execution; of+ Geo. 3. lave only and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears which may, at that time, remain unpaid of the said du- 10

ties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been in- or penalties curred upon or at anytime before the said fifth day of July, one incurred be-thousand seven hundred and sixty six; any thing herein con- fore that time, tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the from and after the said fifth day fijulyi one thousand seven so t*- C 4

duties are to take place;

vis. on all

24 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14, [1765.

following new hundred and sixty six, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid, unto anc*or l^c of kis his heirs, and fucceC-

"hMr<*fors, for and upon all cyder and perry which shall, at any time or times, be imported or brought into the kingdom or Grut Britain, over and above all other customs, subsidies, and duties; by any act or acts of parliament, or law whatsoever, imposed upon, or payable for the same, the additional rate, or new duty of excise, herein after expressed; that is to say. For every ton foreign cyder of cyder or perry imported into Great Britain from any parts bc-and perry im- yond the fcas, and io proportionably for a greater or letter quan-ported jl. pertjty^ to^paij by the importer before landing, over and above tun* all other duties payable for the same, three pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of Jufy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and succes-and on all cy- fors* for and upon all cyder and perry, which shall be made der and perry within the kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other made in Great duties, charges, and impositions, by any former all or alls of Britain, and parliament thereupon respelHvely set, rated, or imposed, the new duty of excise herein after mentioned and expressed; that is to say. For ail cyder and perry, which shall be made in Great Bri+ tainf and sold by retail, upon every hogshead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, over and above all other duties payable on the same, and (6 proportionably for a greater or lets measure, six shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand fc*-

perry made in ven hundred and sixty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, Cr*at Ullj anc* paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and to any fa§or success°rs» for and upon all cyder and perry, which shall be for tile, made in Great Britain, upon every hogshead thereof, which shall be Tent or consigned to any faltor or agent who shall receive 16s. Sd. per the same to sell or dispose of, and so proportionably for a greater be^id b^he01^ cluant*ty' fi*teen shillings and eight pence, to be paid by factor such fa It or or-agent.

V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au-AI1 personire- thority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who ceiving any shall receive into his, her, or their custody or possession any cyder

into^their co^or to by him, her, or them, fold ordisposed of, shall

stody, for side, he deemed to be, and is and are hereby declared to be, a faltor are deemed*or agent, faltors or agents, within the intent of the lad men-factort, and tioned c la use, and chargeable as such with the said duty of fix-C^tKtaWf#d teen Shillings and eight pence per hogshead; unless he, she, or duty; C U they, so receiving the lame, shall and do make due proof that unless the same such cyder or perry was made from fruit of his, her, or their own was made growth respectively, and not from bought fruit; or unless it th°ir frUit of^aPPcar h)f a certificate under the hand of the proper office* growth"*1 or officers of excise, accompanying the said cyder or perry, that or were other- the duties imposed by this and all former act or acts of pariia-wife duly ment now in fojee had been charged on the^fiune. chv&- VI. Pro,

sold by retail, 6s. per hogshead,

to be paid by the retailer;

and on all cyder and

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14. 25

VI. Provided always, That in case any cyder or perry shall Whert it shall be received by any factor or agent, dealer or retailer, for which

it shall appear by a proper certificate that all or any part of the have before duties, imposed by this or any former a<Sl or acts of parliament, been duljr have been charged on the same, such factor or agent, and such c||aiR* dealer or retailer respectively, receiving such cyder or perry with a proper certificate, certifying that such duties have been already to be charged charged for such cyder or perry, shall not be charged with the anew, payment of such duties, charged as aforesaid, on receiving such cyder or perry into his (lock, or on the decrease thereof.

VII. Provided also, That if any fadlor or agent shall, during Factor having the continuance of the act of this present session of parliament, paid the duty intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain ?f4*- duties upon malt, mum* cyder, and perry^for the service of the year

one thousand seven hundred and sixty ftx> be charged with, and shall of this^ession, pay the duty of four shillings per hogshead upon any quantity of cyder or perry granted by the said act, and chargeable upon him a or her as the receiver thereof, such fadlor or agent shall, by the authority of this act, for every hogshead of such cyder or perry so^chin the so charged, (land discharged of four shillings, part of the fix* new duties, teen shillings and eight pence granted by this act, and chargeable upon him or her as fadlor or agent by virtue of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the master or other person having; ng cyderor the charge of any ship, vessel, barge, or trow, in which shall be perry coast-shipped or put on board any cyder or perry, to be carried from wife» one part of this kingdom to another, shall, within three days are to after his arrival at any port or place where any part of such cyder report thereof or perry is to be delivered, give to the proper officer of excise, to to the proper be appointed for that purpose by the respectivecommissioners of °ccr excise in England and Scotland respectively, a just and true account in writing of the whole quantity of cyder and perry by him re- ter theirarril ceived on board; distinguishing in such account the names and val in ports places of abode of the persons by whpm the same, and every distinguishing part thereof, was put on board, and at what place; and the[^"^I^Junt names and places of abode of the persons to whom the same, and places and every part thereof, is or was sent, directed, or consigned, from whence and where the same, and every part thereof was to be delivered: ( and and in case the matter or other person having the charge of any "h^con- such ship, vessel, barge, or trow, shall neglect or refuse to give signed, &c. such account as aforesaid, according to the directions of this act; or shall dispose of or deliver any part of the cyder or perry by him on penalty of taken on board at sea, or in any other place, except the place tool: for which the same was consigned (unavoidable accidents excepted) refusa* the person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and or delivering, lose the sum of twenty pounds; and such master or other per- See. the same (bn having the charge of such ship, vessel, barge, or trow; shall, otherwisethaa within twenty one days after his arrival at the place of delivery, land or cause to be landed all the cyder and perry then on board to derfo be land-)» delivered there, on pain of forfeiting all such cyder and perry ed within % \

26 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14. [1765.

rival, on far= which shall not be landed according to the directions of this act» fciture there- which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, °*' together with the casks or other package containing the same.

Factors are to IX. And^" enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from enter, at the and after the said fifth day of Jul)\ one thousand seven hundred next office of and sixty six, every such factor or agent, or factors or agents, excise, their fQ having, receiving, or taking, any cyder or perry into his, her, storchousei, or their custody, possession, or power, to sell or dispose of, shall, three days' least three days before he, she, or they, shall begin to fell or before they dispose of the same, make a true and particular entry in writing,

make sale of 2t the office of excise next to the place where such cyder or perry wnfi^n- '"tended to be sold or disposed of, of the respective name them; °*And names of such factor or agent, factors or agents, and of every storehouse, warehouse, room, cellar, or other place, wherein he, she, or they, have laid or kept, or intend to lay or keep, any cyder or perry; and if any such factor or agent, factors or agents, shall, contrary to thediredion of this act, make use of any warehouse, storehouse, room, cellar, or other place, for the laying or keeping any cyder or perry, without having made such entry as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum n forfeiture fifty pounds for every such storehouse, room, cellar, vault, or of 50l. for e- other place, which, from and after the said fifth day of July, one vtrX unenter- thousand seven hundred and sixty six, shall be made use of with-

mack use°oT out entry as > anc* a^ and every such factor or agent,

' factors or agents, so receiving cyder or perry to sell or dispose of and they are as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable, and is and are hereby subjected to declared to be subject and liable, to all the clauses, provisoes, re-tiohi ucnal-" 6u^at ons> fi"es> penalties, forfeitures, rules, methods, matters, ties, and pro- and things, any dealer or dealers in, or retailer or retailers of, vision*, which cyder or perry, are subject and liable to, by this or any other ad dealer*in, and or acts of parliament now in force, for the regulating and enforcing> managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, are subject to adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the duties on cyder and perry.

Dealer, in or r X And be it.furtherrenamed the authority aforesaid, That

retailers of, from and after the said fifth day ot July one thousand seven hun-

cyder and per- dred and sixty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid,

ry* >[nadc and unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for

Attain from an<* upon every boghead of cyder and perry which shall be made

miit of their and fold in Great Britain, by any dealer in, or retailer of, cyder

own growth, or perry, from fruit of his or her own growth, and so proportion-

are 1° 6s.' aWv for d greater or less quantity six shillings, to be paid by such

per hog&ead. dea, ers j(lj Qr retaiJere oft cyder or perry.

F^rfons buy-

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tog cyder or That all and every person or persons, who shall buy any cyder or perry, or fruit perry, or any fruit to make into cyder or perry, and shall tell any cyder or per- the cyder or perry so bought or made, by the hogffield, or any ty, and fcning greater or lesser meafare; or shall fell any quantity of cyder or what they so perry, or either of them, in less quantity than twenty gallons r 2t 2 t'me* whether the same be made from fruit of his, her, or r^aUera* their own growth, or from bought fruit, UulJ be deemed and

taken

*7

1765.5 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14.

taken to be a dealer or dealers in, and retailer or retailers of, cyder or perry, within the intent and meaning of this act, and shall be chargeable with the several duties hereby granted for such cyder or perry so made and fold respectively.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and Where one

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when such dealers in, dealer or re-or retailers of cyder or perry, made from fruit of his, her, or of anoT"

their own growth, shall sell or dispose of such cyder or perry to tj, in ortfcf

any other dealer or retailer of cyder or perry, who shall pur- to fell again, chafe the same to fell again, such dealer or retailer so purchas-»d the du-ing the same to fell again, and receiving the same, with a proper certificate, certifying such duty has been charged, shall not be^additional charged or chargeable with the said additional duty of fix (hill dury of 6s. per ingsper hogshead by this act imposed on cyder and perry made in h'.jgihead on Great Britain, and sold by retail; and if the cyder or perry bVchv ed* made by any such dealer in, or retailer, from fruit of his, her, whfre cy-or their own growth, shall be sold by the maker thereof in less der and perry quantity than twenty gallons at a time; such dealer in, or re-shall be sold toiler ot, cyder or perry, shall not be charged for such cyder or

perry so fold with the said additional duty of six shillings per th»o hog (head by this act imposed on cyder and perry made in Great gallons to the Britain, and sold by retail. dealer or re-

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the g, ly*.authority aforesaid, That all and every such dealer or dealers in, anej retailers and retailer or retailers of, cyder or perry made from fruit of0r, cyder and his, her, or their own growth, shall be subject and liable, and perry from_ is hereby declared to be subject and liable, in respect of such frult of the" cyder or perry fomade, to all thedauses, provisoes, regnJat*ons,

fines, penalties, forfeitures, rules, methods, matters, and things, to like regula* which any dealer in, or retailer of, cyder or perry, is subject tiens, penal-and liable to, by this or any ether act or acts of parliament now ant* P*1*-in force for the regulating, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, J£«?deafert collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and re-and retailers, covering the duties on cyder or perry.

XIV. And.* for preventing any disputes that may arise touching No cyder and the charging the duties on cyder and perry; it is hereby declared perry made in and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cyder or perry Britain, made in Great Britain, in no case whatsoever shall pay or be higher duty chargeable wirh more than sixteen shillings and eight pence per than 16s. sd. hogshead, whether the duties, or any of them, chargeable thereon, per hogiheadi shall arise by virtue of this or any former or other act or acts of parliament.

XV. And whereas great frauds have been committed by dealers in9 and retailers of9 cyder or perry, by fending and removing, or causing vr procuring to be ftnt or removed, great quantities of cyder and perry from the makers thereof \ immediately to the person or persons who contrail for the same wtth9 or order the same fromy such dealers iny or retailers of eyder or perry y hereby the duties thereon have not been charged^ as fitch cyder and perry nraer comes into the pojpssion of such tleUMs or retailers9 and the like frauds may be committed by such fac-

and agents if proper pravision is not made for prevention thereof\ to* it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That horn and

*8 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14. [1765.

Dealers, re- after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and tmWoid' any dealer or dealers or retailer or retailers of,

&c. cyder o?1 cyder or perry, or any such factor or factors, agent or agents, perry7 from mail remove or fend, or cause or procure to be removed or sent,

the maker to any cyder or perry, from the maker or makers thereof, to the ^cont^. person or persons buying or contracting for, or ordering the the dutiesU »ame> without the duties thereon have been first charged, and charged, and without a certificate to accompany the same, signed by the pro* a certificate, per officer of excise (which certificate he is hereby required to

f'ive, without fee or reward, to the person or persons desiring the ame) signifying the quantity of cyder or perry so sent or removed, and the number of casks or other package containing the lame, and that the duties due thereon had been charged for the same) every such dealer or dealers in, or retailer or retailers of cyder or perry, or factor or factors, or agent or agents, respectively, so offending, shall, for every such offence. Forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

Th*fe duties

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aretobedrawn aforesaid, That the said duties by this act imposed upon cyder back on ex-nd perry, shall and may be drawn back on the exportation of such cyder and perry, by the same means and methods, and under the same rules and directions, as the other duties, or any of them, now payable for cyder or perry, may be drown back on the exportation thereof and also that the said duties on cyder and perry granted by this act, shall be drawn back, or allowed upon thedistillatioiiof cyder and perry into low wines and spirits, by the same means and methods, and under the same rules and directions, as the other duties, or any of them, now payable for cyder or perry, may be drawn back or allowed upon the distilla-and also wheretlon thereof: and in case any cyder or perry which hath been eyder or perry charged with, and hath, paid the said duties, or any of them, become unfit granted by this act, shall hereafter, by being unfit for sale as and 1flSdl ba", cy<*cr or P^Ts b* charged with the duties on vinegar, it shall charged with* lawful for three or more of the commissioners of excise for the time being, or twojultices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions, on proof that such cyder or perry hath been charged with, and paid the said duties, or any of them, granted by this act, and that the same cyder or perry hath also been charged with the duty on vinegar, todischarge or allow such of the duties granted by this act, as shall have been charged thereon, which they are hereby required to do. jfenalty ofob.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

drafting of-That if from and after the find fifth day of July % one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, moled, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise, in the due seizing or securing of any cyder or perry, which, by any officer or officers of excise, shall or may be seized by virtue or In pursuance of this act, or in the execution of any of the powers or authorities by this act given or granted, or shall by force or violence refeue, or cause to he rer (cued, any cyder or perry, after the same (frail have been feiaerf

ferfeit 50l.

partition,

and diitiDa-

tijnt

the. duties an vinegar,

ficers in the ext cation of Their doty)

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14. 29

by such officer or officers as aforesaid, or shall attempt, or endesf- or retelling or your so to do, or, after such seizure, shall stave, break, or cT^r otherwise destroy or damage, any calks, vessels, or package, wherein the same shall be contained; all and every the party or9parties so offending, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of forty pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, rules, methods, pe-

nalties, and forfeitures, dauses, matters, and things, which in M" Car* and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue or excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, forsecuring, enforcing, managing, raising, t], e revenue* levying, collating, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging earise, extend* or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for pre-d to this act. venting, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, tifed, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for tnefe-curing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collcding, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the duties on cyder and perry, and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detedhng, and punishing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, dauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed oy this act, Fines, peaal-Shall be sued for, recovered, levied, 'or mitigated by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or recoJmd, !e-may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of vied, or miti-excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of pted, as the his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or in the court of excise exchequer in Scotland respectively: and that one moiety of every One moiety such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his to the crown, heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them, who and the other shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.'Prose*

XX. And) for the better ascertaining, chargings collecting) raising, cu or' levying) and securing) the said rates and duties by this act imposed,

and preventing frauds therein; be it further enacted by the autho- Theft duties rity aforesaid, That such of the said rates and duties by this act c? he und€r 1 granted, as are charged upon cyder or perry made in, or im- andm^Tge-ported into England, WdleS) or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, ment of the shall be under the receipt and management of the commissionerscommissioners and officers of his Majesty's revenues of excise in England for the and.°* time being; and such of the said rates and duties as are imposed j!^by this act upon cyder or perry made in, or imported into u

go Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 15. [1765.

Scotland, shall be under the receipt and management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being; and the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commission under their respective hands and seals, to constitute and appoint under them such of* fleers as shall be necessary in that behalf. a -1

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, into the ex- That a^ monic* arising by and in respect of the duties hereby chequer, apart granted and imposed (the neceflaij charges of raising and ac- from all other counting for the same exeepted) shall, from time to time, be duties) paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, separate and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and are hereby appropriated and shall be issued and applied and to be ap- to same uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such plied and iffii- regulations, as the monies arising by the duties hereby repealed cd, as the for- were, by the said act made in the third year of his present Matter duties, jesty's reign, appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued, molest-cd, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done in pur-" fiiance of or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the.general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence General issue. in hj8 or t^cjr dcfcncc or defences 5 and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nunfiiited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such de-Treble costs. fendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him of them against such plsuihtiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An act for raising a certain fitm ofmoney by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

\\f E your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the V commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have chearfully

tranted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have re-)lved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- Credit of loopnent assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it (hxH granted to his and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty* Majesty for treasury now, or for the time being, or any three or more of them, of the high treasurer for the time being, at any time or times

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 15. 31

mes before the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hun- Treasury may red and sixty seven, to cause ordiredt any loans to be taken or Sloans 0^ sceived at his Majesty's exchequer from any person or persons, exchequer atives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or bills, ny number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum r sums of money, not exceeding, in loans and exchequer bills

Dgether, in the whole, the sum of one million eight hundred JJ*a«i7an- loufand pounds, in the same or like manner, form, and order, 1 by'Sie nd according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and malt tax act

>y an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act of this session, or continuing and granting to his Majesty, certain duties upon malt, row, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven chequer bills hundred and sixty six, are enacted and prescribed concerning the thereby to be oans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the made out. aid act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, ad- Thecrlause*, vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities contained in the ad* relating to Taid last mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer bills the loans or authorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as exchequer do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and hills ther^y except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the

forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also*except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and ex- exten<ied to tended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance this, of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the B.|jf made _ authority aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made; n

out by virtue of this act shall, after the same hath or have been purfmmee of issued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the this act, not to sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be r.cccived received, or taken, or pass, or be current, to any receiver or chai^ed^by^" collectorin Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, anyreceiv«r supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due, or payable to his Majesty, of the publick his heirs, or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver er collector, or from any other person or persons,n r 17 74

bodies politick or corporate otherwise, or on any other account, excepttbe than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case same shall be the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the doe court said sixth day of April-, nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of April, for any ]?G/C that money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as afore-fiiid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained and no actioa against such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to shall lie for exchange any such bill or bills for ready money before the said fuctl fctbjUy of April; any thing in the said act made in this pre-2 vent

3*

r out of the sinking fund, if no (applies

A*ino sexto GeoROU III. C. 15. [1765.

sent session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The same to

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, kf That such l°ans or ^chequer bills, together with the inte-

rn pplies which rc* premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fluu be grant- same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, ed in the next and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or sup-lessioni plies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament;

and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of July, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund shall tegrant* (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated ed before 5 to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in July, 1767* that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be ififued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for tha^ purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Moniesiffiied aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the Mfrwtffthf surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues com-faking fund, posing the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by to be replaced, and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament) any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the au-Thebank im- thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the gover-adwunee on nor an<! company the bank of England, to advance or lend to

the said credit his Majesty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon of loan, any the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money sum orjfa*y* not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million eight hun-J-» dred thousand pounds; any thing in an act made in the fifth the ad 5 & 6 and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary,

W. Sc M. not- intituled An act for granting to their Majesties several rates end wUhOaoding. duties upon tonnage of flips and vessels, and upon her, ale, and other liquors, for feewring certain recomptnces and advantages in the find aft mentioned, to such persons as flail voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war againli France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

33

1765.]

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 16, -17. CAP. XVI.

An act for the more ea(y and speedy recovery of small debts within the city of Bath, and the liberties and precincts thereof.

CAP. XVII.

An act for explaining and amending so much of an all made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional act for the improvement of tillage, as relates to the city of London.

WHEREAS by an all made in the first year of the reign Preamble, re* his late majesty King James the Second, intituled An act- daufet

ditional improvement of tillage, it is enalied, That from and after 1 Jac#

thefeajl of Saint Michael the Archangel then next, and from thence- forward, it JkaU and may be lawful to and for all and every the justices f the peace for the several and respective counties within his Majesty's kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and the town ^Berwick jpon T weed, wherein foreign corn or grain shall or may be thereafter imported, and they, and every of tbfm, are thereby enjoined and squired, at their next respective Quarter sessions after Michaelmas md Eider Day yearly, by the oaths of two or more bonejl and sub-lantiaj persons of the respective counties, being neither merchants nor raQors for the importing of com, nor any ways concerned nor intertjled in the corn so imported, and each of them having a freehold estate of twenty pounds per annum, or a leasehold estate of fifty pounds per uuium, above all charges and reprizes, and being /kitful in the prices f com (which oaths all and every the said ju/iices are thereby impowered to administer) and, by such other ways and means as to them fall fetmJfrf to examine and determine the common market prices of wddHing English corn and grain of the respective forts mentioned m m all of parliament made in the two and twentieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for improvement and act of tillage and the breed of cattle, as the same shall be commonly 22 Car. 1. bought and sold in the said respective counties into which any foreign me or grain shall be imported 3 and to certify the same, with two such aths made as aforesaid, in writing annexed, unto his Majesty's chief officer and collector of the customs for the time being, residing in the aid respective ports or havens where the said corn and grain shall be

Sorted, to be hung up in same publick ph ce in the custom-house, to it all persons may resort for their information: and it is thereby Itrther enabled. That from and after the said feast of Saint Michael be Archangel then next, the custom and duly of foreign corn and rain imported into any of his Majesty's said dominions of England,

Vales, and town Berwick upon Tweed, appointed, by the said

II of the twenty second of King Charles the Second, to be paid, shall ecotleOei and paid according to the prices contained in such respective ertificates as aforesaid, and not otherwise; any thing in the said all cf Bug James the Second, or in any other law or Statute, contained to he contrary notwithstanding: and it is thereby provided and further % a8edy That all that, by virtue of the said all of King James the 'mxd % was to be done by the justices of the peace at their quarter 'Vql. XXVII. D Jtjfrni

34

from and after 29 Sept, the mayor, aldermen, and justices of London, are im powered to do all that by virtue of the recited all may be done by justices at the quarter sessions, in the months of

j[an. and Tu-y, as well as snO&oberand April yearly. Persons malting oaths to be substantial housekeepers in Middlesex or Surry.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. x8. [1765.

sessions in their several counties, shall he done and performed in Eke manner in the city of London, in the months of October and April yearly, by the mayor, aldermen, and justices of peace there; and that the persons making such oaths shall be no corn-chandler, meatman, factor, merchant, or other person interejfled in such com Jo to be imported, but shall be some substantial housekeepers living in Middlesexor Surry, qualified as aforesaid: and whereas the power given by the said atl to the said mayor, aldermen, and justices of peace of the city of London for examining and determining the common market prices of middling English corn and grain, only in the months of OSiobex and April yearly, is found ineffectual to answer the good purposes of the said act: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletn-bled, and by the authority of the same, That all that by virtue of the said all is to be done by the justices of the peace at their quarter sessions in their several counties, shall, from and after the twenty ninth day of September next, be done and performed in like manner in the city of London, not only in the months of October and April yearly, but also in the months of January and July yearly, by the mayor, aldermen, and justices of peace there; and that the persons^ making such oaths, shall be no com chandler, meaiman, factor, merchant, or other person interested in such corn to be imported, but shall be some substantial housekeepers living in Middlesexor Surry, qualified as aforesaid; any thing in the said act, or in any lawor Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to amend and render more cffeltual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act pad in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for funt/hwg mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[Preamble.]

Constables, &c. to quarter officers and men in the barracks provided for them; and if there shall not be sufficient room there, to billet the residue in inns, ale-houses, &c. and if these shall be also infuffiri-ent, then in hired uninhabitated houses, to be provided and furnished for the purpose. No more billets to be ordered than there are eftective men. Commander in chief to give early notice to the respective governors, of the marching of the troops, and their numbers, that quarters may be provided accordingly. Military officers taking on themselves to quarter folders; or using any menace to a civil officer, to deter them from their duty $ to be cashiered; unless the conviction be reversed upon appeal. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to the justices, and be relieved. No justice having any military office to be concerned in billeting soldiers, »xcept where there shall be no other justice. Officers and soldiers quartered in inns, or ale houses, are to be furnished with provisions at a certain rate. What innholders, &c. may allow men quartered on them instead of meat. What officers and soldiers quartered in barracks, or hired houses, are to be furnished with at the provincial expence. How the expences incurred thereby are to be reimbursed. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from being quartered on. Commanding officers may exchange men in their quarters. Penalty on constables, &c. delaying to quarter or billet officers or soldiers after due notice i or receiving money toexcufe any person from being quarteredon; and on persons refusing to receive the officers and soldiers billeted on them, or to furnifty them with necell aries as the alt direlb*is any Ann

n<*

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 19.

not exceeding jl. nor left than 40*. to be paid to the treasurer the colony. Officer* to give notice to inn-keeper», £rc. of subsistence money in their hand*; and their accounts to be paid off according to the rates of subsistence here established. Officers not giving such notice, the accounts to be discharged out of their arrears of pay 1 it no arrears are due, then out of the iubfi-(fence*money of the regiment, and the officer to be cashiered. On nonpayment of quarters, for want of money, the officer to make up the accounts, and give certificates for the Aims due. Justices may demand an account of quartering of the officers and loidlers, in order to prevent and remedy abuses in quartering. Justices, in pursuance of orders received, are to issue orders to constables to provide carriages for the troops on their march. Rates of carriages. Carnages not obliged to carry above is cwt. nor to travel above one days march, unless other carriages cannot be pro*cured. Penalty on constables, &c. neglecting to provide or furniOi carriages. Colony to repay the extra expences ore: amages. Where carriages shall be necessarily provided for long marches beyond the toe

horses and carriages are to be fairly appraised; and if loit or destroyed to be paid for according to certificate. Deserter may be apprehended, and committedj gaoler to receive his subsistence money in the interim.

tr on persons harbouring deserters;, or buying soldiers arms or clothes, Sec. Penalty on officer breaking open a house to arch for deserters, without warrant. Persons not being soldiers committing any offences in any fort or garrison, See. not within the jurisdiction of any civil government, majr be apprehended; and being charged on oath with the offence, may be committed to safe custody, till delivered over to the civil magistrate. Suits in what courts to be prosecuted. How the troops are to pay in pa/sing ferries. Pecuniary penalties to be paid at the rate of 4s. 8d. fter the Spanish milled dollar. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble offs.

This act to Win force from4 March, 1766, to4 March, 1768.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the more effectual encouragement of the trade and manufacture of leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom.

WHEREAS, till of late years, great quantities of foreign kid Petnmblno and lamb skins were yearly imported into this kingdom, in order tQ be manufactured into gloves and mits> to the great benefit of trade, and employment of the poor in the manufacture thereof: and whereas large quantities of foreign manufactured leather gloves and mitts are condefiinely brought into this kingdom, whereby not only the revenue is defrauded^ but many thousands of his Majesty's subject$i employed in the manufacture of leather gloves and mitts, are deprived of the means ofproviding for themselves and their families: and whereas the preventing the importation of such foreign manufactured leather \loves and mitts^would tend to the increase of the trade and manu-fodwres of this kingdom, and would also encourage the importation of foreign kid and lamb skins: May it please your Majesty, that ic nay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice end content of the lords spiri- _.-

mat and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af- ter junj*enabled, and by the authority of the same, That if any foreign 17669 all so-nanufactured leather gloves or mitts shall, from and after the rrign manu-wenty fourth day of June* one thousand seven hundred and featured lez-ixty fix, be imported, brought, or conveyed into this kingdom, mittArougbr*

>r any part of the British dominions, the same shall be, and are into any part (ereby declared to be, forfeited, and shall be liable to be searched of the Smith or and seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excite,

D 2 in tojffcxaia

3$ Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 19; [1765.

in like manner as other prohibited and uncustomed goods are and shall be disposed of as is herein after mentioned: and every person or persons who shall bring, convey, or import or shall cause to be brought, conveyed, or imported, into this kingdom* or any part of the British dominions, any such leather gloves or mitts, or shall be aiding, abetting, or atlifting the rein; or, being a vender or venders, retailer or retailers, of any kind of leather gloves or mitts, in whose custody or poflefRon any such foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts shall be found; or who shall fell, or expose to sale, any such leather gloves or mitts; or who shall conceal any such leather gloves or mitts, with intent to prevent the forfeiture or seizure of the same; shall, over and above the forfeiture and loss of such leather gloves and mitts, and all interest which he, she, or they, may have therein, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sura of two hundred pounds, together with double cotrs of suit. laid goods

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority seized in Eng- aforesaid, That if any such leather gloves or mitts shall bi land, out ot found and seized in that part of Great Britain called England> out of the cities of Lonitn and lVcJlminf1ery and the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and the same shall not exceed ia value the sum of twenty pounds, it shall and may be lawful for two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for such county, city, borough, or place, where the Tame shall be found and seized, upon information before them that such leather gloves or mitts were seized as leather gloves or mitts unduly may be pro- brought into and not manufactured within this kingdom, to ceeded against, hear an(j determine the same, and to proceed to condemnation determined or discharge thereof as shall seem just; any thing herein befote by 2 justices \ contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

'fth Food HI- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, are condemn- That after condemnation thereof in due course of law, all and ed, they are to every such leather gloves and mitts shall be publicity fold, to be publickly the best advantage, for exportation, by the candle; and one fold, for ex- moiety of the produce, or money arising by the sale of such anyone1 raoi- ^eat^icr gloves and mitts, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his ety of the pro-heirs, and successors, ' and the other moiety thereof to the use duceistogo of the officer or officers who shall seize and Secure the lame: to^hc Kinp and no such leather gloves or mitts shall be consumed or used to the officer; in kingdom, but shall be exported again to some port or and security place not being any part of his Majesty's dominions; and shall b to be given not be sold, otherwise than on condition to be exported as ior the due aforesaid: and such leather gloves and mitts shall not be deli-EZ3&. vere<* out warehouse, or place wherein the same shall

delivery of have been secured, until sufficient security be first given to the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors, which the commissioners of his Majesty's customs or excise are hereby impowered and required to take, that the same, and every part thereof, shall be exported as aforesaid, and not landed again in any part which is to be of his Majesty's dominions; which securities shall be difehaeg-di (charged up- cd without fee or reward, upon certificate, returned under the

common

and the importer.

vender, retailer,

exposer to sale,

or concealer thereof,

forfeit moreover 200 L with double colh of suit. Anv of the faief goods

the cities of London and Westminster, and limits of the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding sol. in value,

the same out ni the ware-house where secured;

I

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 19. 37

ommon fed of the chief magistrate in any place or places be* °n*mum of ond the seas, and out of his Majesty's dominions, or under a ic hands and seals of two known English merchants upon such such^porta-lace, that the goods were there landed \ or upon proof, by tien.

edible persons, that such goods were taken by enemies, or

eriflied in the seas; the examination and proof thereof being

ft to the judgement of the said of: which com-

1 i(Goners are hereby respectively impowered, from time to

me, to call upon the person or persons who have entered-into

ich security, to produce such certificate or proof as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, JoJbt 'hat if any such leather gloves or mitts shall be seized, by vir- ther such* ie and in pursuance of this act* and any doubt or question goods are of tall afterwards arise where the same were manufactured, the foreign ma-roof shall lie upon the person or persons in whose custody or nofa&urM*1*

the lame were found, and not upon the prosecutor or diS*toTie on rofecutors, plaintiff or plaintiffs; and in case no proof shall be the possessori vcn, that such leather gloves or mitts were manufactured ithin Great Britain, then the same shall, without any further 'oceeding, be taken and held to have been manufactured out F Great Britain, and contrary to, and in violation of, this act j ly law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any and the pof-vfon or persons, in whose custody or possession any such lea- feflor (not im« \cr gloves or mitts shall be seized by virtue and in pursuance porting or

r this act (such person or persons not importing or concealing

ie same) shall discover, upon oath, before any one or more covering the

iftke or justices of the peace, the person or persons who fold vender,

ich leather gloves or mitts to such person or persons in whose

istody or possession the same shall be seized, so as that such jo a* he may

erson or persons, so felling the same, shall or may be prose- con vision

Bted and convicted, according to the intent of this act, as the 9

slier thereof, in case the same shall be, or be taken and held to

e, within the intent and meaning of this act, manufactured

ut of Great Britain, such person or persons, so discovering as

Cwesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby freed and discharged is discharged

f and from all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this fro, u the Ee"

A inflicted upon all and every person and persons, being a fciturw °F*

ender or venders, retailer or retailers, having in his, her, or their custody or possession any such leather gloves or mitts not from LS, V*

made or manufactured in Great Britain; and of and from any lo^he^ace of

roof that the same, so seized as aforesaid, were manufactured their mamu

n Great Britain. facture.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Recovery of That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, by this act im- penalties and K>fed, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his forfeitures} Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of £.t-bifuer at Edinburgh, respectively, by action, bill, plaint, or in-ormation, in the name of his Majesty's attorney general, or in he name of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, or in the name V names of ibme officer or officers of the customs or excise;

V 3 atA

and application thereof.

Officer neglecting for i month to prosecute for any other person may file for and recover the fjunc.

38 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 19. [1765.

and that one moiety of evety such penalty and forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the officer or officers of the customs or excise, who shall inform and prosecute for the same.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That* if any officer or officers of the customs or excise shall neglect or refuse, for the space of one calendar month after such coo-any pecuniary damnation as aforesaid, to prosecute to effect any person or penalty, ^persons, for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture by this act inflicted upon offenders a gain ft the same; that then it shall be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever, to sue for, prosecute, and recover, the respective pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted, in like manner as is herein before directed, with regard to the officers of the customs or excise; and one moiety of the said pecuniary forfeitures, when recovered, shall, in such case, go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same re- I spectively. 1

__________

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- I

of such goods rity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, 'are not sub- or be in any wise construed to extend, to subject any person or persons who shall wear, or make use of, such leather gloves or mitts as aforesaid, as part of his, her, or their apparel or dress only, to any forfeiture, pr to any pecuniary penalty or penalties inflicted by this act, or to any proof that the same Were manufactured within Great Britain.

____

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

not extend to aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or repeal any of be construed or deemed to extend, in any wise to repeal any of the powers of the powers and authorities granted in and by an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for more effectual preventing frauds and abuses in the public revenues; for preventing frauds in the salt duties, and for giving relief for Jalt used in the curing of faemon and cod fi/by in the year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen^ exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the insurance companies to plead the gefieral issue in actions with regard to brought against them; and for securing the stamp duties upon poli

rohiSted^or tus l*furanci» regard to seizures of any prohibited or p run goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontique his actioty after the defendant or defendants shall

tevt

The weavers

jest to any penalty, for* feitore, or proof, upon that account.

This act does

the act of It Geo.

ruu goods.

[General issue.]

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 20, 21. 39

have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any ver-did or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for Treble costs. the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in Defendant al-every such action, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant !°wed».h«fore or defendants, by leave of the court where such action shall be ii!

depending, at anytime before issue joined, to pay into court to court.*such sum of money as he or they shall see fit, as amends for the matter or cause complained of in such action, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements, shall and may be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

CAP. XX.

An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof.

CAP. XXI.

An act for redeeming one third part of the remainder of the joint stock of annuities, established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, in respect of several navy, victuallings and transport bills % and ord-. nance debentures.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the third year Preamb

of your Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting an- citin^clauset nuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, in ad Geo. III. and ordnance debentures; and for charging the payment of such annuities on the sinking fund; and making good the same to the said fund, in manner therein mentioned; it was provided and directed, That all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporatey who Jbouldy within the time therein limitedy deliver in*certain navy9 victualling, and transport bilhy and ordnance debentures9to be cancelledy in manner thereby directed, Jbouldy for the principal sum or sums contained therein, and also for the interest marled \

upon such of the said bills as bore an interefly be respectivety intitled toy and havey an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and to be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, to such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, or such as he, she, or they Should appoint his, her, or their executors, admimjbators, successors, or aJfigns, until redemption thereof by parliament, in manner therein mentioned; and that all such monies Should be deemed to be one capital or joint stock on which the said annuities Should be attending: and whereas the several principal monies contained in the bills and debentures delivered in and cancelledy together with such intcrejl as aforesaid, which vjere converted into a capital or joint stock, in pursuance of the said act, did amount to the sum of three millions four hundred eighty three thou-find five hundred fifty three pounds, one shilling, and ten pence;

D 4 end

4. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 21; [1765.

and whereas ont fourth part of the said capital or joint stock bail been redeemed in pursuance of an act made in the last session of parliament, whereby the said flock was reduced to the sum of two millions six hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and sixty four pounds, sixteen shillings, and four pence halfpenny; and whereas your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled have refohed, That one third part of the said remaining capital stock be redeemed and paid. off on the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six \ and several public notices have been given of the said refolutim of the speaker of the house of commons, pursuant to the order of thit Notices given house \ and therefore your faithful commons do most humbly by thespeaker beseech your Majesty, that it my be enacted j and be it en-

of the house acted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the

of thereHa<*v'cc anc* conient of the lords spiritual and temporal, and tiontoredeern commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-one third of thority of the same, That such notices as aforesaid shall be, the remaining and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and sufficient joint stock of n0fm^c or notices within the true intent and meaning of the blift^d byC^a afor the redemption of one third part of the said re- Geo. III. maining capital or joint stock, and of the annuities attending

deemed fuf- on such part; and the same shall be redeemable and redeemed

fictent; accordingly.

and the sum

II. And be it further enacted by the authority afbvdaid, of 870*8881. That on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-^s to belaidvcn hundred and sixty six, there shall and may be iflfued and into the bank Pa* to governor and company of the bank of England, the on or before sum of eight hundred seventy thousand eight hundred eight*5 Dec. 1766, eight pounds, five shillings, and five pence halfpenny, out of al thfLd or anV aic*s or fuPP^es granted in this session of parliameni this lelfion (except any particular aid or supply which hath been, or (hal*be, in the same session, specially and intirely appropriated to an] tn be applied one particular use or purpose) which sum shall be applied b] accordingly, the said governor and company in payment of the like sum a eight hundred fevonty thousand eight hundred eighty eigh pounds, five shillings, and five pence halfpenny, for the ye-demption and full satisfaction of one third part of the said remaining capital or joint stock.

The said mo-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid 4iey to be That on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, otu iijued, byway thousand seven hundred and sixty six, there shall and may, b] the bank/by or<*er of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or mon an order of of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without an] treasury, out further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, ir of the linking that behalf, be issued and paid at the receipt of his Majesty':und*exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of England, by way of imprest and upon account, out of the surpluslfes excestes, or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Sum (upon which the said annuities were charged by the said a£ made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign) such fun of money as shall be qeccflary for the discharge of the annul

tie

4*

ties attending such one third part of the said remaining joint dock, from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, to the twenty fifth day of Decern* her following, inclusive 5 v which futn shall be applied by the said governor and company in discharge of such annuities accord-^an_ ingly, at the same time that the respective principal monies com- nuitiai lb re-posing such one third part shall be paid and satisfied; and that deemed are to all such annuities, in respect of such one third part, shall cease and be extinguished, from the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty ux. '

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sums of money which shall be issued and applied by 'purposeoKof virtue of this act, out of the said surplusses, excesses, or over- the bnking plus monies, for payment of the said annuities, shall be made faad arete good and replaced by and out of the supplies to be granted in the next session of parliament. nextfupplkt.'

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if all or any part of the principal mo- J^tobefSI nies com posing such part of the said remaining capital or joint up to jJ^cT flock, hereby intended to be redeemed, shall be paid and fa- 1764. tisfied at the bank of England, before the twenty fifth day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the said governor and company shall, notwithstanding the same, pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the principal monies so discharged, the full sums which the annuities attending the same would have amounted to on the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six any thing herein, or in any other alt, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- The bank rity aforesaid, That the said governor and company, or any

member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason foao7t2saft-

of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this

alt.

VII. And be it further enacted by^he authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be filed, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thine therein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence 0enetmi ifftm for his and their defence i and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their altion, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given agaiofi him or them upon demurrer, or otherwise; then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs Ttebtecfft* to him or them awarded against Jiich plaintiff or plaintiffs.

4*

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 22. [1765.

CAP. XXII.

In ail to regulate the loading of ships with coals in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the present methods of loading coal ships in the y, port$ 0j> Newcaft]e ang Sunderland, are inconvenient to the coal trade $ for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- Resular and ment Ambled, and by the authority of the same, That from tntcTifti to be and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and kept and hung sixty six, all fitters, agents, or others, vending sea coals, and up by the fit- loading ships with the same, at the ports of Newcastle and Sun-Snt^of^he derlana^ shall keep regular and true lifts of ships entered at their fiript entered respective offices for loading of all such coals as they usually ttbeirrespec- vend; which lifts shall be hung up or placed in some conspicu-tive offices. 0us part of the respective offices, in order that the same may be Provisionsandnfpe&e(l by any tnafter or mate of a ship applying for the same \ regulations and when the master or mate of any ship which shall then be wShrefpe^topaft or within two miles of Tinmouth Bary9or within two miles the entering of the port or harbour of Sunderland, as the case may be, shall shipsincourse. apply to the office of any such fitter, agent, or vender of coals, and make a tender in cash, or in bank pod bills, payable seven days after fight, to the amount of the coals at the respective prices the several forts of such coals are then sold attogether with the usual charges of carrying the same from the ftaiths to the ship; such ship shall be immediately entered in the lift of such fitter, agent or vender of coals as aforesaid, next after the last ship which shall then be entered in such lift, and shall be loaded in its due turn by such fitter, agent, or vender, at the port of Newcastle or Sunderland respectively; or if the master or mate of any (nip, who shall so apply within the port of Newcastle, shall produce lightermens notes or bills of exchange to a sufficient amount, andtefire time, not exceeding two hours after the bank at Newcastle shall be open, in order to convert the same into cash, such ship shall be nevertheless immediately entered upon such lift; and if the money of such bank port bills as aforesaid, to the amount of the loading of coals, and the charges*as aforesaid, shall be brought or tendered to the said fitter, agent,

or vender, of coals within the time aforesaid, such ship shall have the same turn as it would have been intitled to if cash had been tendered on the first application of the master or mate thereof, in manner aforesaid; and the master or mate who shall have his ship entered in any such lift as aforesaid, or be entitled agent, &c. to a loading of coals from any fitter, agent, or vender, of coals, with whom it by means of the provisions aforesaid, shall be obliged to load is entered. his ship with such fitter, agent, or vender, in whose lift such ship shall have been entered, or such loading applied for as a-Provisiont fpresaid; and if such master or mate chuses to alter the fort of with re pest to coals for exportation, he shall be at liberty so to do, provided

bo

ship to be

the fitter or &c.

>7^5-]

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 22.

*3

he loads with the lame fitter, agent, or vender, at the usual altering the price; and if any fitter, agent, or vender, of coals at the said k* wcoals. ports, or either of them, shall neglect or omit to keep such liftkccping such in manner herein before described, or shall refuse inspection lift f thereof to any mailer or mate of any ship applying for the same, or refilling in-at any time between the hours of seven in the morning and seven fp^bonthereat night; or shall refuse or omit to enter or load any such ship,notloading upon the conditions aforesaid, so far as the said conditions re- upon the con-late to the said ports respectively, or shall wilfully or unnecefia- ditions afore-rily delay the loading and dispatching of any such ship; or if any mailer or mate of any such ship shall enter the same for any one turn with more than one fitter, agent, or vender, of forfeit coals as aforesaid; or shall load such ship with any other fitter, iool. agent, or vender, than where such ship was entered for that Mailer aaing turn; every such fitter, agent, or vender, and every such mailer or mate of any such ship, shall, for every offence respectively, preferfbedj forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; one moifty forfeits a Ukt thereof to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other fu« moiety to such person or persons who shall be injured by such, offence, and shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, within the space of six calendar months after the offence committed.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Directing the That no fitter of the said port of Sunderland shall be compelled courfeonoad-or obliged to take upon his lift, or load in turn, any ship exceeding the burthen of fixfeen keels; and when the owner or mailer, having the care of any ship entered in such lift, shall have taken in as many coals in the said harbour as he shall think fit, every such fitter shall be at liberty to load the next ship in turn on his lift, within the said harbour, and so on until some one or more of such ships shall have failed out of the said harbour into the road, which ships shall then be loaded up in the said road in turn as they (land in such lift, as soon as the weather will permit; and the owner or mailer, having the care of any such ship so lying and loading up in the road, shall be answerable to the fitter loading up such ship, for the lofsor damage of any keel or keels, and the coals on board them, sent off to load up such ship, as has been customary.

III. And whereas the iron manufacture near Newcastle, be- Crowley longing to mistress Crowley and company, have large (landing andcompa*7* contracts for serving his Majesty's navy with (lores of sundry ny'» ships to kinds; and that their three ships (about one hundred and sixty take in coals tons burthen each) which bring a few coals at bottom, may Sleir"*1 " not be detained, which may be of great detriment to the to- turn*, vernment service, they are hereby excepted, and permitted to

have what coals they want for ballad, while they are employed In the above service, as soon as they have occasion to order shem, without waitingnheir turn in rotation.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publick i&. That this act shall continue in force for seven years, and shall

spe defined, adjudged, and tafcen to be, a {niblick aft.; and he

judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to amend an act made in the last session of parliament* intituled An act for repealing sevend laws relating to the manufacture of woollen cloth in the county of York y and also so much of several other laws as prescribes particular standards of width and length of such woollen cloths \ and for substituting other regulations of the doth trade within the west riding of me said county \ for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth, and for preserving the credit of the said manufacture at the foreign market.

faimble9 re<

citing aft 5 Geo. j.

Justices to appoint mifT idfcchers, in-foe&or*, and luperviiors.

WHEREAS the act made in the fifth year of the reion of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing feve-tal laws relating to the manufacture of woollen cloth in the county of York-, and also so much of several other laws as prescribes particular standards of width and length of such wool* Jen cloths; and for substituting other regulations of the cloth trade within the west riding of the said county; for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth; and for prefers ing the credit of the said manufacture at the foreign market; hatby in some respeCisy been found to be inconvenient to the dealers in the said trade and manufactory^ and not fufiuieit or effectual to remove or re-tnedy some of toe abuses intended to be thereby prevented, and which fiill continue to be practised in the said trade; and in regard fevered persons concerned in the said trade and manufactory may inadvertently and unavoidably become subject and liable to divers penalties and forfeitures thereby directed to be levied, to the great loss and damage of divers innocent persons, and the discouragement of the said manufactory \ wherefore, for continuing so much of the said act as is apprehended to be beneficial, and for explaining and amending the lame, so as more effectually to support and preserve a trade so advantageous, and of so great importance to this kingdom, and for repealing such of the clauses and provisions therein contained, as are found to be burthensome to the said trade, and not effectual for preserving the credit thereof, or preventing the frauds intended to be prevented; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the justices of the peace for the said west riding of the said county of York (not being dealers in woollen cloth, or occupiers of any fulling-mill) at their general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden at Bradford, in and for the said riding, next aftef the twenty fourth day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, or at (onae adjournment of the same, and at their general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden next after Mid-

umnu*

1765.] Anno sexto Georou III. c. 23, gjj

summer yearly at Bradford» in and for the said riding, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to chuse, nominate, and appoint, such and so many persona of good character and repute (having been brought up in the manufacture of woollen cloth in the said riding, and being under the age of sixty years) to be searchers or measurera doth at the fulling-mills, and to be inspectors and supervw-fors for the purposes in the said former act mentioned, as they in their discretion shall think proper; which said searchers or measurers, inspectors and supervisors respectively, shall have all the same powers and authorities, and be respectively subject to the same rules, limitations and teftridions, as in and by the said act of the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, ate re-(pedively dedared, given, appointed, or limited, except as is herein after, by this present act, otherwise ordered, diroded, or provided for.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said searchers or g«rcben to measurers of doth at the mills, to be chosen, appointed, and meaftire (tationed, by virtue of this and the said former act, shall, and doth*, and they are hereby authorized and required, at their respective seal them* fulling-mills, where they shall be respectively (tationed or placed,

to measure all the doths and half cloths which shall be there milled respectively, at the respective times, and in manner in the said former act mentioned and appointed and every fuels searcher and measurer shall, on one end of every such doth, before it shall be carried from the mill, affix and nvet fetch seal of lead as in the said former act is mentioned, and (lamp, in words and figures plainly to be read and distinguished, upon every such nvet, his name, and the name of the mill where he is to (tationed; and upon the residue of such seal, the length and breadth of every such doth, together with the number of each of such cloths milled at such mill successively, beginning at number one, and proceeding progressively as in the said former act is mentioned.

III. And it is hereby further ensded by the authority afore- penalty on Cud, That if any of the said inspectors or supervisors shall find null (wcher any cloth, or end or half doth, fidfely stamped by any measurer

or searcher of broad woollen doth, above one inch in breadth*"*7* in more than one third part of the length thereof, or above half a yard in length, such inspector or fupcrviibr shall, within seven days after the same shall be discovered, give information thereof to one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said riding, or any corporation within the same where such offence shall be committed (net being a dealer in woollen doth, or occupier of any fulling-mill) and on conviction of such measurer or searcher, before any such justice of the peace as aforesaid, fuels searcher or measurer shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the (urn of ten shillings, to be recovered as any other penalty ia hereby directed to be recovered. 1

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Merchant authority aforetiud. That if the merchant or buyer of any such Pe^"K^b'»

\6 Anno sexto Georgii III. c.

doth (hill suspect the real and true lengths and breadths of such doth not to be the same as stamped on the seal affixed to such cloth by the measurer or searcher at the mill as aforesaid; then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the merchant or buyer of such cloth, within forty days next after the sale and delivery of such cloth (and before the same shall have been raised, rowed, dressed, dyed, or put in water) to put such cloth into cold water for arty timenot exceeding four hours; and after the same shall be- fully wet and taken out of such water, to hang the same across a plain rail or horse-tree, to be provided by such merchant or buyer, for anytime notless than two hours, and not more Penalty for than four hours; and then immediately to cause the same to be fraudulent measured by some sworn searcher, measurer, inspector, or supervi-

for: and if upon such admeasurement lad mentioned, there shall be found a less or smaller quantity of cloth in length, or lef9 or smaller quantity in breadth in more than one third part of the length thereof, than is mentioned on any of the seals affixed to such cloth by any searcher, measurer, or supervisor, who before measured the same; in every such case, the searcher, measurer* inspector, or supervisor, who lad measured such cloth, shall and he is hereby required, within three days next after such laftad-measurement, to give information to one of his Majesty's justice of the peace for the said riding, or any corporation within the same, (not being a dealer in woollen cloth, or occupier of any fulling-mill) that the searcher, measurer, or supervisor, who before measured and stamped the said cloth, did wilfully and knowingly affix such false and fraudulent seals to such cloth $ ond such measurer, searcher, or supervisor, being thereof convicted before such justice, upon the oath of such measurer, searcher, inspector, or supervisor, who lad measured the said cloth, or of any other credible witness, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the respective penalties and sums following; -that is to say. For the first inch in breadth, or half yard in length, that such cloth or end of cloth shall fall Short of the meafara stamped and marked on the seals thereto by him affixed, the sum of five shillings; and for every other inch in breadth* or half yard in length, so over stamped, the further sum of ten shillings: the said penalties, after deducting the reout the cods and charges of such prosecution and conviction, to be paid and applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the treasurer of the said west riding: and in case any searcher, measurer, inspector, or supervisor, who last measured such cloth, shall fail or neglect, by the space of three days next after such last admeasurement, to give such information as aforesaid; then, and in every such case, such searcher, mea-fiirer, inspector, or supervisor, being convicted before any such justice as aforesaid, of having wilfully failed or neglected to give such information for the space of three days as aforesaid, shall for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum ot forty shillings, and shall from thenceforth be for ever disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy, apy office under or by virtue of this aSL

Aiinp sexto Georgii III. c. 23. 47

ini be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all Where false fe$, upon such admeasurement of any such cloth as afore- fca, s ar? here the same shall be found to be of less length or oftor, n&c!"tc^ sadth, for above one third part of the length thereof, new Teals, tall be mentioned on the seal or feats thereto affixed, by which shall be rcher, measurer, or supervisor, who measured and stamp-the of - same, or by the maker of such cloth; then, and in every she fefler to ife, the searcher, measurer, inspector, or supervisor, who forfeit double afured the same, shall, immediately upon such admea-the deficiency, nt, affix on every such cloth or end of cloth, a new fealor th*

' seals of lead, and rivet the lame, and shall (lamp, or dothback. o be impressed upon every such rivet, his own name, ad-hereto the words inspector or supervisor; and upon the al, words, or letters and figures, denoting the true length y such cloth or end of cloth, (accounting thirty seven to the yard in length) and the breadth thereof between s, in inches, at the time of, and according to such ad-ement; and that the length and number of yards, by leasurer, searcher, inspector^ or supervisor, so stamped on: als as aforesaid, shall be the rule of payment for such >y the merchant or buyer thereof; save only that such ant or buyer (in order to discourage the vending or ex* to sale or any such cloth with such defective or fraudu* als) shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and im* ed, to dedull and retain to himsell, out of the price of loth upon which the maker, searcher, measurer, or super-shall have fixed such defective and fraudulent seals as, lid, double the value or amount of so many yards, or parts fard thereof, out of the number of yards in length, so ?d upon such seals, by such searcher, measurer, inspector* ervisor, who la(t measured and stamped the same as afore-is the said cloth, or end of cloth, shall fall Short in quan- the length and breadth respectively impressed on the for-raudulent seal so affixed* by the maker or feller thereof;

the maker or feller of such cloth shall, within three days ifter notice of such deficiency to him given by the mer-or buyer of such cloth, accept the same again, and repay: merchant or buyer thereof, all such Turn and sums of y as such maker or feller of such cloth shall have received rment, or part of payment for such cloth, together with reasonable ex peaces as such merchant or buyer shall have arily expended or been put unto, for or upon account of Jefedive cloth or cloths.

And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any mer- InTpcaor or, or buyer or feller of cloth, shall be dissatisfied with any supervisor, &c. ifurcment to be made by any such lad mentioned searcher, lt^npln? irer, inspector, or supervisor, as aforesaid, and shall have fa|fcly,to suspeA the true length and breadth of any cloth, or of doth, so measured by such last mentioned searcher, trer, inspector, or supervisor, not to agree with the seal or by him thereto affixed; then, and in such case, such mer-3*chant.

48s

on information and con-fiffionj

to be subject ton penalty.

and lose hit office.

Where inspec-for suspeA* frauds in cloth, be may require to fee the lame put in water.

Penalty on fupemforor infbtdor refuting to measure when called upon.

Inspector, &c. to give fccuri-

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23, [176f.

chant, buyer or feller respectively, shall and mar, within (even days after any such admeasurement so suspected shall be made, give information thereof, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said riding, or any corporation within the same (not being' dealers in woollen cloth) and every such searcher, measurer, inspector, or supervisor, having wilfully or fraudulently measured such cloth, and being convicted or such offence, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any such justice or justices as aforesaid, (which oath such justice or justices is hereby impowered to administer) shall, for such offence, forfeit and pay for the first inch in breadth, or half yard in length, that such cloth, or end of cloth, shall exceed or fall Short of the measure stamped and marked on the seals thereto by him aftixed, the sum of twenty shillings: and in case such cloth, or end of cloth, shall exceed or fall Short more than two inches in breadth, or one yard in length, of the measure stamped and marked thereon by such searcher, measurer, inspector, or supervisor; then such searcher, measurer, in-foeAor, or supervisor, upon such conviction as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose his office, and be discharged therefrom by such justice or justices, before whom he shall be so convicted, and shall, from thenceforth, be for ever disabled to hold, exercise^ or enjoy any office under or by virtue of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any inspector shall have reason to suspeA that any doth or cloths shall be in the possession of any merchant, buyer, drester, or cloth-worker, which hath or have not been truly stamped and measured at the fulling-mill; that then, and in such case, the said inspector shall and may give notice to such merchant, buyer, drester, or cloth-worker, of such his suspicion, ' describing the cloth or cloths by the maker's name or seal thereon respectively, which he so suspeAs to be unduly stamped; after which notice so given, as aforesaid, such merchant, drester, or cloth-worker, (hdl give two hours notice to such in-speAor of the time or times at which he intends to put such cloth or cloths into water, in order that such inspector may attend the wetting and measuring of such cloth or cloths5 and if such merchant, dresser, buyer, or cloth-worker, shall, without or contrary to such notice, put such cloth or cloths into water, and be thereof legally convicted, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of twenty shillings.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any supervisor or inspector shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend for the purpose of measuring and stamping any cloth, or end of cloth as aforesaid, for the space of two hours after due notice

S'ven to him in that behalf, he or they so negleAingor refuting, all, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied in manner after mentioned.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every searcher, measurer, inspector, and supervisor, to be appointed

by

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23. 49

e and in pursuance of this or the said former act, shall, ty f°i* making e enters upon the execution of his office, at his own ex- ue accounti» ve and execute a bond to the treasurer of the said west r the time being, with a furcty to be approved by the ippointing him to the said office, in the penalty of fifty conditioned for the duly accounting for, and paying ey by him, from time to time, to be received by vir-id in the execution of his office.

nd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Inspedbr or lot be lawful for any inspector or supervisor, to be ap- supervisor not by virtue of this or the said former act^ at any time to^nter mer-, to enter into any house, warehouse, or outhouse, of orwarehouse* chant or merchants, dresser or dreliers, or any other (except where cloth (unless such places shall be made use of for dref- cloth is there itering, or keeping of wet or undressed cloth) under dressed) toex-of searching for, or examining any woollen cloth,

5 shall fulpedt to be talfely damped, or unduly stretched cloths, sd, by virtue or under colour of this or any former act tment; or to search or examine any cloth after the same nor to exa-put up in papers for pressing, or lent to be frized; or mine cloths e have been fully manufactured, or fitted for exPor-fsy^sent r home consumption; any thing in the said recited act (0 f^ze. antrary notwithstanding.

ind be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on any person or persons whatsoever shall willingly take persons taking

r, or counterfeit, deface, obliterate, or cut out, any seal off>c-

of lead, hereby, or by the said former act, directed to name, or for and riveted to every or any cloth or half cloth, or the having cloth letters, and words thereon stamped, made, or set, or In their custo-woven or sewed, before the cloth be put in papers for

s, or into the frizing-mill to be frized; or if any in- the feats cut or supervisor shall, at any time after the said twenty off, See. or lay of Junty one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, cloth over-

woollen cloth, after the times herein directed for seal- fetched, {re. same, without the seal or seals hereby, or by the said idt, directed to be put thereon; or find such seal or seals counterfeited, or altered, (except such seal or seals has been accidentally loft, or maliciously taken off;,) or d any such cloth, or end of cloth, which shall appear aark, stamp, or seal, affixed by the searcher, measurer, r, or (ipervisor, who last measured the fiune, to be: ched or (trained, either in breadth or length beyond the alls allowed of and provided by this present act; or that a mark, specifying or denoting the name and place of the maker of such cloths, shall be cut out or altered; case every person or persons lb offending, or the mer*

Jrester, dothier, or owner, in whose custody any such ithout seals, (except as aforesaid) or with the seals, oc ind place of abode, of such maker, defaced, cut out, or ted, or fooverstretched or (trained, shall be found, being lcgdly convicted, for every such offence shall forfeit such XXVIr. £ tutu

Sion to ctftfc

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23.

[176^,

sum of money, not exceeding the Aim of forty shillings, nor left than twenty shillings, as to the justice or justices, before whom he shall be convicted, shall seem proper and requisite.

Per font charg-

XII. And be it further enacted, That any person or personi, d with any against whom any information shall be made, by any merchant* offence, may buyer, feller, owner, or dresser of cloth, for any offence or of# STthemer- ^nces committed against this act, by false sealing or stampint chants hands) any cloth or cloths, shall and may, and are hereby authorizes and on refu- and impowered, within two days after notice of such informa-proCecu- tien to bim or them given, to go to the house of such merchant^ owner, or dresser of cloth, in such information mentioned, and request to fee the said cloth, to examine whether the charge al* ledged in such information be just, and whether any frauds baas been committed by the merchant, drester, or owner, of the same; and that upon the merchant, drester, buyer, or owner, of such cloth, refusing to permit and suffer such offender or offenders to fee or examine such cloth as aforesaid, (unless the same shall, before that time, be put in papers for presting, or sent to be frized) such prosecution so commenced against such offender or offenders shall cease, and any conviction to be made thereupon shall be void and of none effect; and in case of wilfiil refusal, by any merchant or buyer, so to shew such cloth, such merchant or buyer shall lose all benefit of deduction out of the price of such cloth as aforesaid.

XIII. And whereas by the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, every clothier and maker of such cloth as afen± /aid* is required, at the time of making thereof, to weave or few if* to the head of the cloth, in difimft letters or words, plain to be react at length, the name and place of abode of such clothier and maker, under the penalty of twenty Jhillitigs for exposing the same to foie, without having such name and place of abode in words at length Jewed into such cloth, which has been the occofion of several poor clothiers being convicted for safe /polling or abbreviating their name and plate of abode, to their great loss and discouragement; wherefore, to prevent as much as possible any such hard and severe prosecution* which such clothier is now subject to, be it further enacted, That every clothier and maker of such cloth as aforesaid, who

cloth to weave shall weave or few into the head of every cloth, and end of therein a?* c^ot* hie name and place of abode, either in didtindt letters or words, or in some common or known usual abbreviation, sufficient to be read or understood, before he shall expose the same to sale, shall in such case not be subject to or liable to be prosecuted for the penalty inflicted by the said act for not inserting the same in distinct letters or words plain to be read at length; any thing in the said act contained to theeontnurynofr> withstanding.

XIV. And whereas by the said last mentioned act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the justices of the peace for thejmt tvefi riding are impowered, at their general quarter fefjmsoftbi

Makers of

length, or in a common abbreviation.

Peace tt be held yearly after Easter, to make and iffiu orders mi

veral effieerstt b appointed by virUtt

directions te the Jtverm 4

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23.

I, fir tbr mart effiilaal txuution thereof, as to tbtm shall stem U; which power is apprehended to be of no use to the fetid trout or

wmfaStwt, but may prove inecirutnient to the dealers therein-, by former »& mion be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said to justicet at «r given by the said act, to the justices in sessions, to make quarter fef- order* and regulations as aforesaid, shall from henceforth "?*

1 and the same is hereby, revoked and repealed, and declared executing the " I void and of no force or effets. aft repealed.

And it is hereby further enacted, That if amr person or Penalty on whatsoever, after the twenty fourth day of June, one overstretch-mmud seven hundred and sixty six, shall stretch or drain, or ter procure to be stretched or drained, any whole or long

or end or half cloth, more than one yard (confiding or rfcren inches) in every twenty yards of the length thereof,

1 the like proportion for cloths of greater or fess length, re than one inch in every twelve inches of the breadth f, above or beyond the length or breadth of such cloth and denoted upon the damp or seal thereon fixed by cher, tneasurer, supervisor, or inspectar, who lad mea-Itfce same as aforesaid; then, and in such case, every per-ofiending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more Ijoffice or justices of the peace of the said riding, or of some 'an within the same, not being a dealer in the woollen ture, or farmers or occupiers of a fulling-mill as afore-ilttil, for the first half yard in length such cloth, or end of, Hull be so over-stretched, forfeit and pay the sum of five gs; and also for every quarter of a yard above such half ten shillings; and for the first inch in breadth such cloth, lof cloth, shall be overstretched or Drained, forfeit and pay 1 of five shillings; and also for every inch above the first I ten shillings; which said Turns shall be recovered and ap-linthe same manner as the other penalties are herein di-I to be recovered and applied.

X. And whereas by the last mentioned act, the using of cards Hatters ctrdi ah wire, or with wire teeth, or any other metal, in dr effing may he used 1 it prohibited under the penalty of forty shillings; but it has for driking useful in the drtjjtng of cloth, and without damaging the c'otb* UP° \temaht use of wire cards, commonly called fine hatters cards, only'*1* w/riiing or plaining of cloth upon the tenters, for the better 7* hying the wool -, it is therefore enabled, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons in the (hiking or _ of cloth upon the tenters only, to make use of fitch called fine batters cords, for the better laying the wool,

(during the said cloth, without being Aibied to, dr any prosecution for the said penalty, in the said act for making use of wire cards in the dressing of cloth.

And it is hereby further enacted, provided, and de-oftoennatto That in case any of the officers to be appointed, or who keep apobtisk jU, exerdie, or enjoy, any office or place under or by bowfe, of leflbfeor the find former act, shall keep a publick

E* fotttOa.

r

Appointment ot officers to be made at

Quarter sessions.

|2 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23. [1765.

for the felling of ale, beer, or other liquors, or shall follow or be concerned in the making, buying, or felling, any wool, woollen manufactures, or goods, commonly made ufc of in dying; or in case any such officer or officers, person or persons, to be appointed by virtue of this or the said former act, shall be guilty of any misbehaviour or neglect of duty in his office, and (bafl be thereof convicted by the oath of one or more witoeft or witnesses, before any two or more such justices as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices, at the quarter sessions held for the said riding next after such convidua^ on producing the same, or due proof thereof, and they ait hereby required to discharge and remove such officer or person, so convicted, from his office, and to appoint another proper person in his room and stead; and such person or persons so convicted and removed from his office for such offence, shall bet from thenceforth, for ever disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy, any office under or by virtue of this or the said former act.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacta), That the appointment of all and every officers by the justices of the peace for the said west riding, by the said recited act directed to be made at the quarter sessions held next after Rafter yearly for the said riding, shall, at all times hereafter, be madehy the said justices at the quarter sessions held for the said riding at Bradford, next after Midsummer yearly.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all informations when#offences re^at'nS to any offences to be committed against this or the said shall be prose- former act (except where it is otherwise therein respectively pro-cuted, and vided for) shall be made and given within ten days after luck

offence shall be discovered; and all and every such offences shall be enquired of and determined, and convictions thereon made, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesss, by any one or more such justice or justices of the pe^ce as aforesaid (not being a dealer in woollen cloth, nor occupier of anf fulling-mill as aforesaid) notice being first given of the charge to the person or persons therewith charged; and that all such penalties and forfeitures as shall or may happen by reason of this or the said former a Cl, shall, after deducting the charges of 1 such conviction, go, and be disposed of, one half to the person or persons who shall give information of the offence on which the conviction shall be made, and the other half to the said treasurer of the said west riding; and that such part thereof as shall belong to the said treasurer, shall be received by such justks or justices before whom such conviction shall be made, and bf him or them immediately paid to some inspector or supervisor of broad woollen cloth; and the receipt of such inspector or supervisor shall be a sufficient discharge to such justice or justices, Justices to f°T much money as shall be therein expressed to be, received.; fend an aC- and such justice or justices shall also, within three months after - count of con- any such convictions, as aforesaid, shall be made by theraj (end, vidiombefore or cause to be font, an account thereof to the said treasurer, and to whom such penalties and forfeitures shall be so paid.

forfeitures

applied.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23. 53

And it is hereby further enacted, That if any offender Penalties how: nders shall, for the space of ten days next after he, (he, recover*: y, shall be convicted of any of the offences aforesaid, ive notice thereof to him, her, or them given, at his, her, ir dwelling-house, or last place of abode, refuse or neglect any forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, by reason 5 or the said recited act, cr shall not give notice of an ap-) the next quarter sessions, as is herein after provided; and not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the or justices of the peace, before whom such conviction e made, or any other justice or justices of the peace for d riding, or any corporation within the same (not being: r in woollen broad cloth, or occupier of any fulling-mill) a certificate of such conviction sent to him or them, from ftice or justices before whom such conviction was made;

or they is and are hereby authorized and required to issue e or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hand: al, or hands and seals, to the constable of the town or or bailiff or bailiffs of the liberties, wapentakes, or limits, such offender or offenders doth or shall inhabit, thereby anding him or them to levy the same by distress and sale offender's goods and chattels, returning the overplus (if :,) after paying likewise the charges of such distress and the offender or offenders demanding the same; and where ficient distress can be found, to commit the offender or ers to the house of correction, for any time not exceed-ree calendar months.

I. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Person* thority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall find grieved mar.her, or themselves aggrieved, by any order, warrant, or a^terfef-lihation, made by any justice or justices, upon any infor- J}0na«

1 by him or them, in pursuance of this act, such person Ions may appeal to the next quarter sessions to be held for; ft riding of the county of York, where such determination*made, which shall not be held within fourteen days.next he cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice of to the party in whose favour fuel: order or determination >e made; and if the justircs at the said quarter sessions, confirm or disannul the orders or proceedings of the said \

of Justices, they shall allow such costs and charges to the - 1

aggrieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable, to be:

and paid in such manner as is usual in cases of appeal iny order of the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose herein shall be final.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That justices, &c. veral justices of the peace before whom any conviction to return ac-ic made, by virtue of this act, as also the several inspectors^ ipervifors so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, and they money recciv-reby required, at the four general quarter sessions of the e<i thereon, to held ia and for the said riding* tp return and transmit the quarter

f justices of the peace aflcmtycd al: such general quarter fcflr, gn,

' - E3 ' '*Teffvons,

|4 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 23.

[1

v sessions, ft true and perfect account in writing, of all the

vidions that shall have been made in pursuance of this act shall happen within their knowledge; and of all the penaltie forfeitures inflicted or levied by means or on account th which, by virtue of this or the said former act, are made able to the said treasurer for the said west riding; and th inspectors and supervisors shall pay, or cause to hie paid, treasurer for the time being, within three calendar month: the receipt thereof, all and every sum and sums of mon* them, or any of them, or for their or any of their use, I received, for or on account of any such conviction or c< tiens, and which, by this or the said former act, are mad able, or directed to be accounted for to the said treasurer Penalty on kid west riding; and every person and persons negledi their neglect, refusing to return and transmit such account, within t^days next after, any of the said sessions, or to pay, or caufi

paid, such sums of money so by him received, or in their 1 or any part thereof, for the space of three calendar months after the receipt thereof respectively, and being thereof co ed, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witi before any two justices of the peace of and for the said

inot being dealers in cloth, or occupiers of any fulling tall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, over and aboi

several sums by him or them received in his hands as afor to be recovered, paid, and applied, in such manner as the penalties inflicted by this act are directed to be recovered, and applied.

ThU aftto

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afoi extend to all That this act, and all the penalties and clauses therein co woollen ed, shall extend to all woollen cloths which shall be mat cloths, except milled within the west riding of the county of TToriy described^ narrow woollen cloths as are mentioned and deft i& 11 Geo. i. and for which provision is made in and by an act made nd blanket- eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King Geor fng.

Second, intituled An act for the better regulating of narrou ten cloths in the west riding of the county of York; and also < such woollen goods as are made for blankets or blank and striped duftel'd blankets.

Application of

XXIV. And whereas several sums of money have been> ai

money in the be expended by divers persons, in and about the obtaining this t treasurer'* act.anj it /; apprehended that the money expended in obtain

*an*said former act, hath not yet been wholly reimbursed or fati

the person or persons concerned in obtaining the same; now it is by enacted, That the treasurer of the said west riding i time being, shall, out of the money now in his hands, or shall hereafter be received by him, on account of the dqti forfeitures herein before, or by the said former act, Hi to be paid to such treasurer as aforesaid, first pay the ch^rg.expences remaining due and unpaid on the account of obi

the said former act, and afterwards the charges and expci

obtaining the passing this act, together with such' ittta*

Anno sexto Georgii III. c/23.'

55

II or any part of such charges and expences, as the said justices, at their general quarter sessions, to be held next after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six,

shall order, direct or appoint; and the said treasurer shall afterwards pay and apply the said duties and penalties, as the same shall come in and be received, in and for the payment of the ialaries of the searchers, measurers, inspectors, and supervisors of doth herein before directed to be chosen and appointed, as aforesaid, in such proportions, and in/uch manner, as the said justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions yearly to t be held next after Midsummer, shall direct and appoint.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- When justices Aid, That after all the money to be expended in and about the may. incroife obtaining this a A, and yet remaining due of the expences of ^te^nlnifll the said recited act, shall be totally paid off and discharged, it

fturil and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace for the said west riding, at their general quarter sessions held next after Midsummer yearly, to make orders for the increasing or diminishing the rates or duties to be paid for measuring, (lamping, and sealing of cloth, so as the same shall never exceed the several rates or duties herein before, or by the said former aA, directed to be paid for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any suit or action shall be commenced or prosecuted actions. against any person or persons for any thing done or to be done

in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be commenced within (ix calendar months next after the faA committed, and not afterwards; and shall he laid, brought, and tried, in the county of York, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such suits or actions shall and may plead the

Sera] issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evi- General tfsue, ce at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to be so done; or if any such suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and upon such veraiA 5 or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintid or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like Treble costs. remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases by law.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Certainpenil-aforesaid, That all the penalties and forfeitures which any mea- ties in the for-, fitter, searcher, or supervisor, can or may be subject or liable to by virtue of or under the said former aA, for falsely stamping peal my doth two indies in breadth and one yard in length, or whfcliaxiy infocAor or supervisor may be subject to for neglect-iftg to gjttfc intbrnuttitn to a justice of the peace, where cloth.

gg Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. " [1765.

shall be found falsly stamped, by any measurer or searcher, or which any person or persons may thereby be subject to for taking off, altering, counterfeiting, defacing, obliterating, or catting out any seal or seals, or for over-stretching or drawing any cloth, or for having cloth in their custody over-stretched or drained, or without the seals by the said act ordered to be affixed thereon, or with such seals altered, counterfeited, defaced, or obliterated, or with the name and place of abode of the maker cut out or altered, or for uling cards made with wire, in the dressing of cloth, so as the same be fine hatters cards, and used upon the tenters only, shall, from and after the twentyi fourth day of June, pne thousand seven hundred and sixty six, be, and they are hereby repealed, revoked, annulled, and made and declared to cease and be void and of none effect: and no merchant, cloth-buyer, cloth-maker, cloth-dresser, measurer, inspector, searcher, or supervisor, or other person, shall from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty (ix, be subject to, or affected by, or be prosecuted for or upon account of any such pains, penalties, or forfeitures, by reason or on account or pretence of any of the offences, misdemeanors, matters, or things, herein last before recapitulated, mentioned, and expressed, except as aforesaid, and other than by virtue and under the authority of this present act.

CUiifei In the

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and deduced, formerodinot That all the clauses, provisions, matters, and things, in the^former act contained, other than and except so far forth as

the same or any of them respectively arc revoked, repealed, altered, amended, or otherwise explained, by the force, effect, and operation of this present act, shall be, remain, and continue in full force and virtue, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in and by this present act. And also. That this act shall be taken and deemed to be a publick act; and all judges, justices, and other persons are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially-pleading the same.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for paving the Jireets and lanes within the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and Watch* ing, the same \ and also the courts, yards, alleys, and passages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing annoyances therein.

WHEREAS the several fir tots and lanes within the pars/teS' {/'Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Olave, Saint John* and Saint Thomas, and the parts of the parishes of Saint Mary. Newington, and Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, which art: called Blackman Street, Kent Streep Bermondsey Street*..*!.. Jlrcet called Snow's Fields, all in and near the town and borough of

South-

rcpcaicu 10

continue in force.

[Publick act.]

[Preamble.]

57

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

Southwark, in the court of Surrey, <jr* in general very ill food auAtitonfed, and are not duly lighted and watched: and whereas die present methods prescribed by law, for pavings cleansing, and lighting, the said streets, and places, dr* insufficient for those

parpoj fes; and whereas if power was given to new pave and regulate tie said streets and lanes, and to maintain and preserve the pave-mast thereof for the future, and to cleanse, light, and watch the same; inrd the several courts, yards, alleys, passages, places,001-meenicating with or adjoining to the same,0 remove all nuisances

and obstructions therein, / /0 prevent the same for the future; it would tend greatly to the safety, preservation, and advantage, of the inhabitants of the said streets, and other places, and be of publick utility: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said several streets, lanes, district courts, yards, and other places, included in this act, shall, for appointed, the purposes of this act, be, and the same are hereby divided into two separate and distinct districts or divisions, in manner following; videlicet. The parishes of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Mary Newington, and so much of the high street of the said borough as is in the parish of Saint Olave aforesaid, shall snake one division, and shall be called the West Division; and the other parts of the said parish of Saint Olave, the parishes of Saint John, and Saint Thomas, and the parts of the said parish of Sairt Mary Magdalen Bermondsey before mentioned, shall be the other division, and be called the East Division.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission- George Onslow of Ember Court, in the county of Surrey, esquire $ ers. end Sir Francis Vincent baronet, and the knights of the Shire for the county of Surrey for the time being; Sir Joseph Mawbey baronet, and Henry Thrale esquire, and the burgesses to serve in parliament for the borough of Southwark for the time being;

William Bowden esquire, treasurer of Saint Thomas's hospital, in the borough of Southwark, and the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being; Thomas Lucas esquire, treasurer of Guy's hof-

C'tal, within the said borough, and the treasurer of the said >spital for the time being 5 the bailiff of the borough of South* work, Richard Reman esquire, and his successor and Tuccessors in the Bridge Yard, and the comptroller of the Bridge Yard for the time beingj together with master Roger Pindar, master Thomas Wiliinfon, master James Bulcock, master Joseph Shaw, William Syms esquire, John Levy esquire, master Thomas Calvcrlcy, George Evans esquire. Dyer Bond esquire, William Coffin esquire, master William Bargefs, master William Cruttenden, master John Abbifs, saofter Edmund Lardner, Simon Barraty esquire, master John Hemming, pa after John Johvfon, master John Peyton, made*

JoJbua. Greensmith, master John Good, master Benjamin Driffield,

WMtiam Golding; esquire, master Stephen Low Jell, master Joseph

Eurtj. Edward Ruffidl. esquire, master Ralph Royler John Crouch

New comnrvffioner* to be chosen.

Certain com* nrilfioners

i

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14.

esqqirfe, matter William Jefferies* matter William Winter* the reverend Leonard Howard D. D. John Weed e (quire, mate Edward Cooke* Thomas Dawson esquire, matter John Ramfkottem* matter Thomas Watson* matter Samuel Spenser* matter Ifmt Stapleton* matter John Crooke* Moses Waite esquire, matter John Fry* matter William Tovey, matter William HiU* matter John Btuk* matter Robert Stevens* matter Samuel Carter* matter Ei» ward Henjhaw* matter Thomas Andrews* matter William Hayes* matter Meddows Neatby* matter John Fowler* Nathaniel PolL bill esquire, matter Henry Keen* matter Thomas Maidman* mate John Warrington* matter Cornelius Van Mildert* matter Humphry Randall* Sir William Richardson knight, the reverend 8mm Hughes clerk, Edmund Dawson, Peter Champion* Richard Darns* James Searancke* Philip Cox* esquires; Charles Spence* Henry Mutler* Charles Farrington* Martin Hurdis* Joseph Houghland* John Woodard* Richard Hilditch* Thomas Walton* Jacob Fofier* William Strickland* William Dowfon* George Flower* David Griffin* George Keepe* Thomas Rudd* John Nangrave* William Atkm* fin* William Breach* Robert Gregg, Thomas Chappel, gentlemen; the reverend Richard Penneck clerk, Edward Steavens* Samuel Bennett Smith* Edward Brent* William Mountain* Nathaniel Brent* John Ruse* Robert Watson* William Speck* George Ten vile* esquires; Thomas Smith, William Shearwood* Thomas Hob* Henry Sumner* John Faffet* Richard Stevens* Samuel Woolley* Hugh Meares, Jofiph Shewen* George Shepley* William Smith, Vincent Trehearn* Stephen Leefon* Thomas Dawson* gentlemen j John Mac krill* Richard Capell* Thomas Smalley Browning* esquires § John Russell, Matthew Bayley* gentlemen; William Adams* Je* remiah Cmtchley* Edmund Smith* esquires; Ambrofi Lyon* Samuel Hollingsworth* Nathaniel Randall, Francis Banks* Edward Layton* the reverend William Sclater clerk, Daniel Alexander* Stephen Hodson* being inhabitants of the said parishes and places, shall be, and they and their successors, to be elected in manner herein after-mentioned, are hereby appointed of for pin* ting this act in execution; and in case of the death of any of the above named of, or of their removal out of theb respective divisions, or refusal to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining of of such respective division, or any five or more or them, from time to time, by writinguiw der their hands and seals, to deft one other person, being an inhabitant within the respective parish where such vacancy mall happen, to be a commissioner in the room and ttead or such commissioner so deceased, removed, or refusing to act; but ten days notice of the time anA place of meeting for every such dec* don, shall be given in some news paper published within the weekly bills of mortality; and every person so elested, is hereby vetted with the same powers for putting this act in exception, as the person in whose place he shall be chosen, was vccted with.

III. Provided always, That the knights of the Shire for the county of Surrey, and the burgesses to serve in parliament-Mr

the

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24; 59

the borough' of Southwark, the treasurer of Saint Thomas's hof- may aft in pital, the treasurer of Guys hospital, the bailiff oftKe borough, b0"1 drifts. Richard Roman esquire, his successor and successors in the Bridge Tardy and the comptroller of the Bridge Yard for the time being,

shall be of for, and may aft upon all occasions in the execution of, this act in both divisions.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Qualification/ rity aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, unless he shall be in

his own right, or in right of his wife, in the actual possession, or receipt of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds, or possessed of, or intitled to, a personal estate to the value of one thousand pounds; and if any Penalty on person not being so qualified, shall presume to act, every such per-ion shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to oe recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit, or information, where-in no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and every person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said penalty, upon proof given of his having acted as a com-toidioner in the execution of this act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissieii-

That the said of, or any five or more of them, to divide

shall meet together at the town hall on Saint Margaret's Hilly*

on the second Monday after the passing of this act, between the^gi hours of ten in the forenoon and two in the afternoon, and shall meet afterwards at the same place within the same hours, as often as it shall be necessary for putting so much of this act in execution, as is hereby committed to their care and charge at such general meeting; and the said of, or the major part of them present at such general meeting, such major part not being less than fifteen, shall then and there, and from time to time, ascertain and set down in writing the monies they shall adjudge necessary to be borrowed for new paving the said streets and lanes, or any of them; and that no order or direction for borrowing money for such purpose, shall be made or given otherwise than at such general meeting; and the said commis- and after* sioners present at such first meeting, shall divide themselves and "*rd»adjourn the other of not present, and act for all other the*

purposes of this act, within the division where they shall respect think proper, lively reside, and not otherwise or elsewhere, except as is herein particularly authorized and directed; and the said of, within their respective divisions, shall meet together at such place within each respective division, and at such time as shall at such general meeting be appointed, and shall proceed tq the execution of this act within their respective divisions; and a

then and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themselves,

and meet at such house or houses within the said borough of clerk to ap-fmtbwarki as they shall think proper or convenient for putting point another

6o

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1765.

9 this act in execution within their respective divisions; and if at

any meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this act, there shall not appear a sufficient number of of to a<2, and to adjourn to another day, or in case the of so onhisnegleet, assembled, shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves; then, and Two commis-, n ca^e» the cier^ to the said of, shall by pub-sioners may lick notice in some news paper printed within the weekly bills appoint one of mortality, to be given at lead ten days before the next meeting; or in case the said clerk shall happen to die before such notice given, or shall neglect, refuse, or omit, to give such notice as aforesaid, then any two of shall, and may by the like publick notice, appoint the said of to meet at the place where the last meeting was appointed to be held, within fourteen days next after the day on which such last meeting was appointed to be held; and that all orders and determinations of the said of, in execution of this act (except as is herein after excepted) shall be at meetings held in pursuance of this act, and not otherwise; and that no such order or determination shall be made, unless the major part of the of present shaft concur therein, such major part not being a less number than the number by this, act authorized to make such order or determination; nor shall any commissioner Commission- be capable of acting in execution of this act, during the time m not to have he shall hold any office under, or have any share or interest ini iJ?con' any contract relating to the execution of any of the powers of this act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any five or more of them, within their respectivedivisions, shall and may, by writing under their hands and seals, at their first or any subsequent meeting, giving fourteen days notice thereof after the first m: cting in some publick news paper, appoint one or more clerk or clerk's, and tresurer or treasurers, and collector or collectors, receiver or receivers, of the rates or assessments, surveyor or surveyors, and such other officer or officers, for the execution of this act, as they the said of, or any five or more of them, shall «nd remove think proper, and, from time to time, remove him or them, them and ap- ancj app0jnt others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and low6"5 anc* by and out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act, them salarie*. may and are hereby impowered to appoint and pay such Hilaries and allowances to such officers, and to all other persons by them the said of employed in the execution of this act, as Officer* to they shall think reasonable; and the said of, or any give security; five or more of them, shall and may take such security for the due execution of the respective offices, by such person and persons as aforesaid, as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and such person or persons a£ is or are hereby made liable to pay the several rates or sums of money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such person or pett-fons as shall, from time to time, be so appointed to collect itia receive the same, according to the true meaning of this adti

JfltM

They may appoint officers, &c.

I '

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 61

and all suchofficers and persons, so to be appointed as aforesaid, account i shall, under their hand?, at such time and times, and in such manner, as the said of, or any five or more of them,

shall direct, deliver to such of, or such person or persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect accounts in writing of all matters and things committed to their charge by virtue of this act; and also of all the monies which shall have been by such officer or officers, and person or persons respectively, received by virtue and for the purposes of this act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what purposes together with the proper vouchers for such payments; and shall pay all such monies as shall remain in their respective hands to the said of, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint; and all the said officers and persons, so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon oath, if thereunto required, which oath the said of, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer, verify their said accounts; and jf any such officer or person shall not make and an(j deliver' render, or shall refuse to verify upon oath any such account, or up all books, to produce or deliver up the vouchers relating to the same, or to make payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said of, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint, within ten days after being the reunto required by any five or more of such of, all books, papers, and writings, in his custody or power, relating to the execution of this act; or shall refuse or neglect to pay such monies as, upon the balance of any account or accounts, shall appear to be in their respective hands, to the said of, or any five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, such of, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the names of such of, or in the name or names of any two or more of them, against the officer or officers, person or persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the recover of the monies that shall be in the hands of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively; or if complaint shall be made by the said of, or by any five or more, of them, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose of any -such refusal or neglect as aforesaid, to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county or place wherein such officer or officers, person or persons, so neglecting or refusing shall beand reside; such justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under their hands and leal*, to cause the officer or officers, person or persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them; and upon his and their 'appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine tho matter in a summary way: and if upon the confession of the arty or parties, 'or by the testimony of any credible witness or

Conmission-ert may appoint officers though not at a publick meeting.

Officers taking any reward, other than their fabrics.

or being 3n-tereftecTin any bargain made by the of, are di {qualified from being employed under this

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24S [1765.

witnesses upon oath, which oath such justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without fee or reward, it shall appear to such justices that any of the monies that shall have been collected of raised by virtue of this act, shall be in the hands of such officer or officers, person or persons; such justices may and are hereby authorized and required upon nonpayment thereof, by a warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively: and if no goods or chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of distraining and felling the same; then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, such justices shall commit every such offender to the house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said of, or any ftve or more of them, and shall have paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint; which compofitioa the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or until he shall deliver up such books, papers, and writings, as aforesaid, or give satisfaction inrefped thereof, to the said of, or any five or more of them.

VII. Provided always, That as often as any collector or receiver of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act, shall die, or be incapable of performing his duty, it shall be lawful for any five or more of the said of, though not assembled at any meeting pursuant to this act, by any writing under their hands, to appoint another person to coifed such monies: and such person shall continue to collect the same, until the of shall, at a meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, appoint a collector or receiver of such monies; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be employed as a clerk, treasurer, collector, receiver or surveyor, or any other officer or servant who shall be any ways employed by the said of in putting this act or any the powers thereof in execution, shall exact, take, or accept, any fee or reward whatsoever, other than such salaries, allowances, and rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said of, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any thing done, or to be done by virtue of this act, or on any account whatsoever relative to the putting this act in execution; or shall any ways be concerned in interest in any bargain or contract made, or to be made, by the said of, or any of them, for the purposes of put* ing this act in execution; every such person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this act, and shall over and above forfeit the (urn of one hundred pounds to any person ojr persons who shall fuc for the same, by a&ioo

of

2 y6$J] Ahfie sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 6$

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's and forfeit courts of record, within six calendar months after the offence a r° xo°1, committed, in which said suit no essoin, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any nerson or persons shall, at any time or times, ob-

struct, hinder, or moled, any surveyor or surveyors, or other

officer or officers, workman, person or persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be, employed by virtue of this act, in the performance or execution of their duty, every such person so offending shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third, and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission-k shall be lawful for the said of, and they, or any coU^o^nd seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and required, treasurers of from time to time, at a general meeting assembled, to appoint the tolls.

a collector or collectors of the tolls, and a treasurer or treasurers of the money to be collected or raised by virtue of this act, as, or upon account of, the tolls hereby authorized to be taken; and the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall Treasurer to take such security of such treasurer or treasurers for the due exe- give security, cmion of his and their office, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, before such treasurer or treasurers shall be allowed to enter upon his or their office; and Money to be such treasurer and treasurers shall, from time to time, as soon paid into the as conveniently may be, after he or they shall have received the bank, ^fom of three hundred pounds of the monies appointed to be received by him or them, by virtue of, and for the purposes of this act, pay the same into the bank of England, in the name of, and on account of, the said of, and to be disposed of by order of the said of, or any seven or more of them, at a general meeting assembled for the purposes of this act; and all such collectors and treasurers so to be appointed, shall, and they are hereby made liable to account to Officerstoac-and with the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at a count* general meeting assembled, with respect to the business by virtue of this act committed to their care and charge respectively, and to be removed from their offices in such and the same manner, and subject to and under such and the same rules, orders, penalties, and punishments, as are herein before prescribed and directed, with respect to officers to be appointed within the respective divisions.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The streeti, from and after the said second Monday, the said of, or &c. to be any five or more of them, within their respective divisions, pav«d, cleans-find! have full power and authority, from time to time, to order£

and diraft the said streets and lanes, or any of them within their ea# respective divisions, to be paveJ, repaired, raised, sunk, or altered f attd also to cause, order, and direct, the said streets and fames, and the fidd feterai courts, yards, alleys, passages, and

placet.

What streets shall be first paved.

The High Street how to be paved.

Materials may be dug out ot, or brought into, the streets, &c.

Commission. crt may make contracts.

Scavengers, by content of the iutHces, may lodge their dirt, Sec. in any vacant places

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1765.

places, to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, when and in such manner as they shall think tit.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the pavements of the high street, from the south end of London Bridge, to the (tones end in Blackman Street Church Lanty Kent Street and White Street, in the west division, and from the west end of Tooley Street, to the north end of Bermondsey Street, in the east division, shall be compleated, previous to and before any other street or place, within the respective divisions, shall be begun to be paved.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of, having the care of the said west division, shall, and they are hereby required to cause the said High Street from London Bridge to the (tones end in Blackman Street, to be paved with the (tone known by the name of whyn quarry Jdoeu % or with rock (tone, or with (lone of a flat surface.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any five or more of them, shall also have full power and authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into, the said streets and lanes, such gravel, (tones, and other materials; and to employ such artificers, workmen, labourers, carters, and others; andtoiflu* such money on those accounts, and to do all and every such other acts and things as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accom-pliftiing of the ends and designs of this act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said of, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, at any of their said meetings, as occasion shall require, to contract with any fit person or persons, for paving and keeping in repair the said streets and lanes, and for cleansing and lighting the same, and likewise the several courts, yards, alleys, passages, and places above described; which contract and contracts shall specify the several works to be done, and the prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works shall be completed, and the penalties to be suffered in case of non-perfofmance thereof; and shall be signed by the said of, or any five or more of them, and by the person or persons contracting to perform such works; but previous to the making of any such contract, fourteen days notice shall be given in some publick news paper, expressing the intention of the intended contract, in order that any penons willing to undertake the same, may make proposals for that purpose, to be offered and presented to the said of at a certain time and place in each notice to be mentioned.

XVI. Provided always, That the person or persons so contracted with for cleansing the said streets and other places, or any part or parts thereof, shall have liberty, by the approbation and order of the justices of the peace acting in and for the said town and places, or any two or more of them, to lodge their dirt, dust, asties, ojr other filth* in such vacant and publick

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24, 6$

places in or near the said streets, and other places, as shall not appear to the said justices to be intended to be built upon, and shall be thought convenient by the said justices, for the accommodation of the country carts $ they the said persons, so con- making(ktis-traded with, giving such satisfaction to the owners and occu-tiers of such vacant places, as the said justices shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Snrrcrors to awful for the said of, or any five or more of them, inspect the ind they are hereby directed to cause all and every the works works, lone in pursuance of this act, to be inspected by their surveyor

>r surveyors, or by such other person or persons as they shall, rom time to time, appoint; and in case the same shall not be irell and sufficiently performed, according to the true sense and meaning of such contract or contracts, or shall not be finished ind completed at or within the.time or times that the same are tgreed to be completed by the said contract or contracts, the said of shall and may, in their own names, or in the names of two of them, bring an action in any of his Majesty's courts of law at H^ejiininjier> against any person or persons so contracting and neglecting to perform such contract or contracts, and for any penalty or penalties, damage or damages, which shall be contained in such contract or contracts; and upon the proving the signing of the said contract or contracts, and nonperformance thereof, at the time or times for the purposes therein mentioned, the said of shall be intitled to, and shall recover, such penalty or penalties, damage or damages, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the purposes of this act, within the division where the matter shall arise.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Agreement ' authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall be

deemed or taken to make void any contract, covenant, or agreement, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the fog paving/ paving the said streets, lighting or cleansing the same, or the &c. the said courts, yards, lanes, alleys, passages, and places, or any part of them, or either of them; but that every person who is not vacated# now, by virtue of any such contract or agreement, obliged to pave, keep in repair, cleanse, or light, any part of the said streets, courts, yards, lanes, alleys, passages, or places, or either of them, shall, in lieu thereof be obliged to pay the rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so much thereof as shall, by the said of, or any five or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true meaning of such contract, covenant, or agreement, for and during such time as such contract, covenant, or agreement, shall remain in force; and in case any dispute shall arise concerning such contract, covenant, or agreement, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall have power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the same.

XIX. And, for the better information of the said of in putting this act in execution, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any

66 Anno sexto Georgii III. C.«4* f*7^ 1

Person* an- person or persons authorized by the said of, or any 3 th^comnUf* ^ve or more at aH convenient times (first having an

fioaen, tobe oVder under the hands of the said of, or any five or allowed to in- more of them, for that purpose) to inspect and take copies ofs rpe?- \ ^Cm pa' or extra<^s out of or from, any book or books, rate or rates, rocfcial rate*. ma(jc or kept by an parish officer or officers, or other officer or officers appointed by authority of parliament, within the cities of London or Westminster, or counties of Middlesex or Sarny, for the paving, cleansing, or lighting, any square, ft reef, lane, place, or distriSt, in London, Westminfhr, Middlesex, of Surrey \ which inspection, copies, and extracts, the vestry clerk j or vestry clerks, or other officer or officers of the respective parishes and places, or other officer or officers, person or persontj having the custody of such book and rate, books and rates, are hereby required to permit and suffer to be made, without fee or reward, by such receiver or receivers, or other person or persons appointed as aforesaid, on their producing an order undet the hands of the said of, or any five or more of Penalty of re-them, for that purpose: and in case any such vestry clerk, or cl»kbLV<ftry other °cer or officers> or person or persons, shall neglect9" or refuse so to do, within fourteen days after such order shall be

produced and shewn to him or them, or a copy thereof left at nis or their last or most usual place of abode; then, and in every such case, he or they so refilling or neglecting, (nail, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty millings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

Contracts

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, made in each That all the accounts and contracts of the commissioners of for thTinfpec- cac^ l*3C ^alc^ divisions shall, at all times, be open and free tien of com*' for the inspection and examination of all and every of the of in missioners appointed by this act; and that the of of the other. each of the said divisions, within eight days after demand in writing shall be made by any of the said of for that purpose, shall cause a true copy of such accounts and contracts, or of so much thereof as shall be so required, to be delivered to such of the said of who shall require the same, upon payment of the sum of one shilling for every hundred words and figures which shall be contained in such copy. Watchmen.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any five or more of them, shall and may, yearly, and every year, and they are hereby authorized and required, to order and establish such number of watchmen, beadles, and other officers, as they shall judge necessary and proper to be kept or employed in the said streets, and other places, as aforesaid; and to nominate and appoint such honed and able-bodied men to be employed in that service, as they shall think best qualified for the same; and shall likewise direct and appoint, in writing, how and where the several watchmen shall be stationed, and in what manner they shall be armed, how often they shall go their rounds, how long they shall con-6 v tinuc

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24; 67

tinue upon duly, and what wages shall be allowed to such watchmen, beadles, and other persons, for their attendance; and shall and may also ered, hire, or otherwise provide, a proper place or places for the reception of the watchmen, beadles, and Dther persons, as aforesaid; and shall make all such orders and regulations in writing, as the nature of the service shall appear to them the said of, or any five or more of them, to require.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Reguhdon* That true copies or transcripts of all such nominations, orders, sign^ and regulations, as shall be made, from time to time, for the better direction and government of the watchmen, beadles, and other persons, shall be signed by the said of, or any five or more of them; and the said watchmen, beadles, and other persons, shall keep watch and ward within the said streets, and other places, for such respective times, and in such manner, as shall, from time to time, be appointed by the said of, or any five or more of them; and shall, in their several turns ind courses of watching, use their best endeavours to prevent ill mischiefs happening by fires, and all mureters, burglaries, robberies, breaches of the King's peace, and all other outrages snd disorders; and to that end shall, and they are hereby jointly and severally empowered and required, to arrest, apprehend, Distillers of and detain, in the watch-house, or other convenient place of fe-rarity, to be provided or appointed by the said of,* fccurwL or any five or more of them, within, or near to, the said streets, all malefactors, disturbers of the King's peace, and all suspected persons, who shall be found wandering or misbehaving the m-(elyes, and shall carry them (so soon as conveniently may be) before one or more or his Majesty's justices of the peace acting in and for the said town and places, to be examined and dealt with according to law, and the said beadles, and other persons,

shall, so often in every night as shall be ordered by the said, of, or any five or more of them, go about their respective di drifts and rounds, to take notice whether all the watchmen perform their duty in their several stations, according to such orders and regulations as shall be provided for that purpose by the said of as aforesaid: and in case any watchman shall misbehave himself, or neglect his duty, the said beadles, or other person or persons respectively, shall as soon as conveniently may be, give notice thereof to the treasurer to the said of, who is hereby authorized to suspend such watchman from the execution of his office, and appoint another person to officiate therein until the next meeting of the said of, when the said treasurer shall acquaint the of assembled at such meeting with the complaint against such watchman, in order for the said of to proceed to the examination of the offence; and such watchman shall be subject and liable to the penalty of five shillings for every such Acgleft or mtfbehaviour, or be discharged from his said office of

Fa

XXIII. Kxvd

*8

Penalty on beadle*, See. neglecting duty.

Watchmen to

apprehend

ouleia&ors.

Property of all materials vested in the commission-

Penalty on Healing or in juring the materials j

and on da-

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 14. £176$

xxiii. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said beadles, and other persons, or any of then, shall wilfully neglect to attend in their turn to keep watch and ward, or shall not come to keep watch and ward, in manner or during the times which shall be appointed by the (add commissioners for their attendance thereonj or shall depart from, or leave keeping watch and ward, during the respective hours appointed by the said of as aforesaid for keeping the same, or shall otherwise neglect their duty or mi(behave them* selyes; the persons so offending, shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such neglect or offence, any sum not exceeding twenty shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said watchmen, or any of them, in the absence of the beadle or other person or persons as aforesaid; and they are hereby' respectively authorized and required in their several stations, during the time of their keeping watch and ward, to apprehend all such malefactors, dff-turbers of the King's peace, and all such suspected persons who shall be found wandering or mi(behaving themselves; and to carry the person or persons so apprehended (as soon as conveniently may be) before some neighbouring justice of the peace for the said county, to be examined and dealt with according to law 3 and to keep such person or persons within the watch-house, or some other place of safety, in the mean time.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the property of the pavements, lamps, iron, timber, furniture, watch-houses, turnpikes toll-houses, and of all other materials and things, which shall be provided or made use of for the purposes of this act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the of within their respective divisions for the time being; and they, or any five or more of them, art? hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name or names of any one or more of them; or to prefer, and order and direct die

preferring of indictments, against any person or persons who shall (leaf, take, or carry away, any or any part or such materials or things, or disturb them in the possession thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

maging or ex- That if any person or persons shall wilfully break, throw down, tinguishing or otherwise damage, any of the lamps which shall be erected

by the said of, or any of the pods, irons, or other furniture thereof, or extinguish any of the said lamps when lighted 3 it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justice or justices of the peace acting in and for the said town and places, and he and they is and are hereby required, upoa oath made of the commission of any such offence (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered, and required to administer to any person or persons offering to make the same) to issue a warrant or warrants, for apprehending the party or parties accused; or it shall be lawful fqr any person or persons

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 4T ^9'.-

persons whatsoever, who shall fee such offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other person or persons, to assist in apprehending the offender or offenders, and by authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before same justice of the peace for the said town and places, to be dealt with as herein after is directed; and the party or parties ac-cofed, being brought before any such justice, or oath being made before him, that such party or parties cannot be found and apprehended (which oath the said justice is hereby also impowered and required to administer) such justice shall proceed 'to examine upon oath any witness or witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence; and if the party or parties accused shall be convicted of such offence, either by his, her, or their own consession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so con v idled, shall for the first offence respectively forfeit the sum of ten shillings, for each lamp so broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguished, as aforesaid; and for the second offence, the sum of fifteen shillings; and for the third, and every subsequent offence, the sum of twenty shillings; and full satisfaction shall also be made to the said of, or to their surveyor, by such offender or offenders, for the damage so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid; and in case such offender or offenders shall not upon conviction pay such forfeiture by him, her, or them, incurred, and make such satisfaction as aforesaid, the justice before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the house of correction for the said county, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months$ and such offender or offenders shall not be discharged before the expiration of the time for which he, she, or they, shall be committed, unless such a forfeiture and satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and one moiety of the said respective forfeitures, when recovered,

shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety shall be applied for the purposes of this act: and if any person shall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage, any of the said lamps, or any of the pods, irons, or other furniture thereof, and shall not, upon demand, make satisfaction to the said of, or any five or more of them, or to their surveyor, for the damage by such person done as aforesaid; it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace for the said town and places, and he is hereby required, upon complaint to be made by any five or more of the said of, or by their surveyor, to summon the party complained of; and upon his or her appearance, or making default to appear (oath being made ths|t the party complained of was served with such fommons, or that the same was left at his or her dwelling-house iftr place of abode, if known, or that he or she could not be fpvjpd) % h justice shall proceed to.examine the matter of tbq

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. f 1765.

said complaint; and upon proof thereof, either bjr confession of the party complained of, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath the said justice is hereby impowered and required tp administer) shall award and order such satisfaction to be made by the party complained of, for th# damage so by him or her done, as to such justice shall appear just and reasonable; and shall cause the fpm so awarded (in case the same be not paid forthwith upon the making of such await or order) to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's good# mnd chattles, rendering to him or her the overplus (if any be) upon demand, after the charges of prosecuting such complain^ and of such distress and sale, shall be deducted; and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, such justice shall commit the party complained of to the common gaol or house of corredtioa for the said county or borough, until he or she shall pay the sum so awarded, or for any time not exceeding the spaceofonc calendar month.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority the old mite- a^ore^l*c*» That^commissioners, or any five or more of rialt, and\p*. shall have full power and authority, within their respective ply the mo- divisions, from time to time, to sell and dispose of all or any part

of the old pavement, or other materials, to such person or persons as shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the purchase-money to the purposes of this act#

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any part of the pavement of the said streets or lanes shall be taken up for the purpose of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying, any fewer, vault, or drain, or of laying, altering, or amending, any water pipe or plug, or for any other purpose whatsoever; the person or persons so taking up such pavement, shall immediately give notice thereof to the surveyor or clerk to the commissioners for putting this act in execution, in order that the same may, wirh* all convenient speed, be laid down and repaired, under the in-speftion of the said surveyor, and the charges and expences thereof shall be paid by the said of, and they shall be reimbursed the same by the person or persons, companies of water-works, or of of sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said pavement, or any part or parts thereof.

Commission-

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-tn may con thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said tract with the commissioners for putting this act in execution, or any five or &cmESrIre> more of them, within their respective divisions, from time laying such to time, to compound and agree with the said companies, or pavements, of of sewers, or other person or persons respectively, for a certain sum of money, by the foot or other measure^ as the said of for putting this act in execution, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable; in lieu and in (lead of laying down or repairing such pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any the purposes aforesaid.

Commission-

ney, &c.

Notice to be given to surveyor of taking up pavement for repairing, &c. any vault or drain, &c.

Commissioners to re-T it, and be reimbursed the expences.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24: 71

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Onrefufal of That ip case such person or persons, companies of water- payment, works, or of of sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the said cotnmilConers shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such contract or composition as aforesaid, within ten days next after notice thereof, to be left, by the receiver or receivers appointed, or to be appointed, by the said of, at the dwelling-house, or last

£: e of abode, of such person or persons, or of the secretary or etaries, clerk or clerks, of such companies of water-works, or of of sewers respectively; which notice shall be in writing, and signed by the clerk to the commissioners for putting this act in execution, by order of the said commissio-riers, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the bill, containing an account of the expence of such repair, or money due upon such comppfition \ it shall and may be lawful to and an a&ionmay for the said last mentioned of, or any five or more be brought of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to for tllc mo* bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the ncy# name of their clerk for the time being, for the recovery of such sum or Turns of money respectively; and in case such person or persons hereby directed to give such notice to the surveyor Dr clerk, as is before directed, shall neglect so to do for the space of twenty four hours after such pavement shall be so taken up, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, CommissioiU That if, for the purposes of this act, it shall at any time be erf to pay, fjf found necessiuy to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter, the poll- ^tenng pipes, tien of any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by the said companies, or of any or the leaden or other pipes which shall be laid into or from any of the said companies pipes, which the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to cause to be done, as often and in such places as they shall think proper 5 the same shall be paid for out of the monies arising by virtue of this act, and shall be done with £S little detriment or inconvenience to the said companies, and Other persons, as the circumstance of the case will admit of.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Where any of That when and so often as it shall happen, that any pipe or the water pipes belonging to any water company shall break or burst in p? break, the said streets or lanes, or either of them, it shall and may be nonce to be lawful to and for the surveyor to the said of for the given to such time being, or such other person as the said of, or companies, any five or more of them, shall appoint for that purpose, to give immediate notice thereof to the paviour of the water company, to whom he apprehends such pipe or pipes does, or do,

Qr may belong, and require him to take up the pavement, and open the ground, at or near the place where the water shall or jnay issue, by reason of such pipe or pipes breaking or bursting, tW9 next after such notice given9 such paviour,

If it proves that the pipe does not be-

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24J [1765.

or left at his last or usual place of abode; and if upon taking up the pavement, and opening the ground, it shall appear that the pipe or pipes so broke or burst, do not belong to the water company whose paviour shall have taken up such pavement, and opened such ground, that then, and in such case, the surveyor, or other person as aforesaid, shall give immediate notice -to the paviour of that company to whom it shall appear that the raid pipe or pipes belong, such notice to be given or left with such paviour, or at his last or usual place of abode, and the paviour of the company to whom such pipe or pipes shall belong, is hereby required to repair the same, and nil in the ground within six days after such notice given or left as afoce-When com- said, and also within twelve hours after such pipe shall be replied, notice paired, and the ground filled in, to give notice to the paviour t0be8£n l° or Pavi°urs contracting with the said of, or to the wmpTviour" surveyor, or other person aforesaid, of such pipe or pipes being repaired, and such ground being filled in, such notice to be given to such contractor, Purveyor, or other person, or left at his or their last or usual place of abode: and in case it shall happen that the paviour who first receives notice to take up the pavement, and open the ground for the purposes aforesaid, shall mnnuiy who ta^c UP Pavc*»cnt> and open such ground, and it shall then

first opens the he discovered that the pipe or pipes which is, are, or shall be*ground, they burst or broke, doth or do not belong to the company to whom »re to be pud he is paviour \ that then, and in such case, the paviour of the bytheoST company to whom such pipe or pipes belong, shall make fa-ptny to whom tisfaction to the paviour who so took up such pavement, and St does belong, opened such ground for such work \ and in case the paviour to whom such notice shall be so given to take up such pavement, and open such ground, shall neglect or refuse to do the same, within the said two days after notice given, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pav the sum of twenty shillings, for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings, and for the third, and every other offence, the sum of three pounds; and in case the paviour of the company to whom such pipe or pipes so broke or burst shall belong, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the same, and fill in the ground so taken up, for the space of six days next after such notice given, or shall neglect to give notice to the paviour or paviours contracting with the said of, or to the surveyor to the said of, or to such other persons as aforesaid, such paviour shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings, and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds; and if the person or persons contracting with the said of, to re-ay such pavement so broke or taken up, for the reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to relay such pavement, in a good, sufficient, and effectual manner, within two days after such notice given to him as aforesaid; or if the surveyor, or other person to whom such notice shall be given, shall neglect to ao-

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. jrj

Suaint the contractor of such notice, then, and in every such ife, the person or persons so offending shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings, and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

[Paviours to

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several and respective paviours now appointed, w, lt?r c°m: or hereafter to be appointed, by the said several and respective to the* water companies, shall, and they are hereby required, within the farveyor or foace of three days next after the pasting this act, or within the clerk of their (pace of three days next after he shall be appointed paviour to*

such company or companies, to give notice in writing to the boae* surveyor or clerk for the time being to the said of of his the said paviouris name, place of abode, and to what company he is paviour; and in case any such paviour or pavU onrs shall neglect or refuse to give such notice within the respective times aforesaid, every such paviour so offending in either of the said case?, shall, for the first offence, forfeit the (urn of twenty shillings, for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings, and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- No alteration said; That no person or persons shall make, ojr cause to be to be made in made, any alteration in the form of any of the pavement of the the form of Taid streets or lanes, or of any part thereof, without the consentthe P*-, and direction of the said of, or any five or more them, under their hands and seals; upon pain of forfeiting, sioners con" for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, over and above feat, all expences incurred or to be incurred in reinstating the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Coipfe of gut-said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com-ters h.'missioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, direct and cause the course of any gutter or channel, running^in or through the said streets or lanes, or either of them, to be turned or altered in such manner as they shall think proper, andgnte*aland to direct the grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, tcpc*c# over any sewers, to be removed and replaced in such manner, and at such place and places, as they shall think most proper; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the expence of the said of, and paid for out of the money arising by virtue of this act; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Where it shall said. That when and so often as there shall be occasion to make be necesstiy new or additional grates over any fewer or sewers within the said streets or lanes, or either of them, or to repair or alter any m ones- of the old grates belonging to the commissioners of sewers, in of the said streets or lanes, or either of them, the same shall be of sewers to made new, repaired, or altered, by, and at the-expence of, the cx*

Cud of of (ewers j and the same, when so made flew, repaired, or altered, shall be laid down in such placet,

ami

fewer* to be

repaired, See. by commissi-onert of few-

J4 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24* [1765.

end it such distance from each other, and in such manner and form, m shall be directed by the surveyor to the commissioncn for putting this act in execution, at the expence of the said commissioners of sewers; and, in case the said of ot sewers shall neglect or refuse so to do for the space of ten dm next after notice given or left with their clerk or clerks for the time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com* znifTioners appointed by this act, or any five or more of them, or their surveyor, to cause such grate or grates as shall be oe* cessary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be so made new, repaired, altered, and laid down; the expenco whereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the said comouiuoiier! of sewers, or recovered of them in like manner as the charge* and expences of relaying pavements is herein before aut^oror act to be recovered.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforti said. That when and so often as any (ewer or drain, which if or shall be under the direction of the commissioners of fewer*,

and which shall be situate in or communicating with the fek[

(beets or lanes, or either of them, shall require to be madf new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied; then, and in every such case, the said of of sewers shall, within six days after notice given to or left for their surveyor for the time being, at his last or usual place of abode, by the said comniUfi-oners appointed to put this act in execution, or any five or more of them, or by the surveyor, or other person authorized by them, make new, effectually repair, dean, or empty, such On their neg- fewer or drain, as the case may require: and, in default there* an<* ma.y* kwfol to ^or the kid cotnmiff ihcfc comiM- "oner$ appointed by this act, or any five or more of them, or ftoam, U their surveyor or surveyors for the time being, to cause such fewer or drain to be made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the case may require, or lo much thereof as shall and paid for remain unfinished j the charges and expences whereof shall be Pai<* by comm>oners for putting this act in execution, L*" who shall be reimbursed the lame by the clerk or treasurer for the time being to the said comraifljoners of sewers: and, in case the said clerk or treasurer to the said of of sewers shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within ten days next after notice thereof shall be left at the dwelling- house or lad place of abode of fudr clerk or treasurer; which notice shall be in writing, and figp? ed by the clerk to the commissioners for putting this act in execution, apd annexed to the bill, containing an account of such charges and expences; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lad mentioned of, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered tp bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of their clerk for the time being, again# such clerk or treasurer of the commissioners for the time being, for the recovery of such sum pr te of qaoney as they shall have; io fxpendep

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 75

for the purposes aforesaid, in which action or actions no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penaltyoflay. said. That no person or ersons whatsoever shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause or permit, or suffer, to be thrown, cast, or laid, m* any allies, dust, dirt, foil, or other filth whatsoever, before any dwelling-house, (hop, liable, building, or wall, in either of the said streets or lanes, or in any or either of the said courts, yards, alleys, passages, or places; but shall keep, or cause the same to be kept, in their respective houses or yards, until such time as the person or persons contracted with or employed to carry spray such ashes, dust, dirt, filthy or foil, do come by or near their houses, doors, or places, where they dwell, with a cart or carts, or other conveniences, for carrying away the same, upon pain of forfeiting, for the fir!} offence, the sum of five (killings i for the second offence, the sum of ten shillings; and for the third, and every other offence, the sum <rf twenty shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalty onob-laid. That if any person or persons shall, from and after ^e

Aid second Monday next after the passing of this act, set out, carriage*1 lay, drive, or carry, or cause or procure, permit or suffer, to timber, or be set out, laid, drove, or carried, any coach, cart, dray, wag- other mate-goo, or other carriage, wheels, timber, stones, or any other8* material, matter, or thing, which may occasion any annoyance,

Xftuifance, or obfixuction whatsoever, in the said streets or lanes, or either of them, so as to (top, obstract, incommode, or endanger, any person or persons, carriage or carriages whatsoever, passing thereon; or if any cart, waggon, or other carriage, with hay or draw therein for sale; or any cart, waggon, coach, or other carriage, intended to be let out or worked for hire (except hackney coaches, which shall stand in such part or parts the said streets or lanes, or ibme of them, as shall be appointed by the said of, or any five or more of them) shall be differed to (land in either of the said streets or lanes for any the purposes aforesaid respectively; or if any cart, waggon, or other carriage, or any wheel-barrow, shall be differed to remain in the said streets or lanes, or either of them, any longer than is needful and proper for the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively 1 or if any cart, dray, or other carriage,

shall be placed or set across any part of any of the said streets pr lanes within the said parishes, or either of them, for the

fes of loading or unloading the lame; it shall and may be I, in any of dich cases, for the said of, or any five or more of them, either at any meeting in pursuance of this act, or without any such meeting, to cause the said carts, waggons, coaches, or other carriages, and matters, and things respectively, making or occasioning such annoyance, nuisance

Of obstructkm, to be removed, taken, carried away, and dcpo-Wb4§ U*.d*ch place or places, as the Aid of, or any

Sn*

penalty of driving, to any wheelbarrow, Sec. on the foot pavements.

Hoards, See. may be made for building or repairing, with lew.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24; [1765.

five or more of them, (hill dire# or appoint $ there to remain until the offender or offenders shall have paid and discharged all costs, charges, and expences, attending the carrying away and deposing the same as aforesaid, as also a sum not exceeding forty shillings for each such offence.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall run, drive, draw, or capfe to be run, driven, or drawn, on any part of the foot pavements of the said streets or lanes, or either of them, any wheel or wheels, (ledge, wheelbarrow, or any carriage whgtlbever; such person or persons shall forfeit, for the first offence, the sum of ten shillings; for the second offence, the sum of twenty dull* ings; and for the third, and every other offence, the lum of forty shillings.

XLI. Provided al ways, and be it further enacted by the author rity aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons to erect or set up, or cause to be created or set up, in the said streets or lanes, any inclosure, pods, bars, or rails, or other matters or things, for the purpose of making mortar, and deporting bricks, lime, or other materials, for building or repairing any houses, buildings, or other works; every such person or persons first obtaining leave, under the hand of the surveyor for the time being to the said of* for thofb purposes respectively, which he is hereby impowered to give, by their permission: but if any person or persons shall erefl or fot up, or cause to be erected or set up, any such inolosures, polls, bars, or rails, or any other matter or thing, for the purposes aforesaid, without such leave first had and obtained, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding twenty shillings for every hour such inclafure} matter, or thing, as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the Arccut* That t*ic "d of, or any five or more of them, shall be watered ° have Powernd authority to cause the said streets and lanes*to be watered as often as there shall be occasion, in such manner as the said of, or any five or more of then)j (h^ll dire#; and to defray the expences thereof out of the money to be raised by virtue of this act. and wells to

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pro- That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissi-ptr pUces. 0ners, or any five or more of them, to credl porters blocks or rests; and to cause to be dug and sunk, in such place or places in the said streets or lanes, or in any ft reef, lane, court, yard, alley, passage, or place, adjoining, any well or wells; and also to erect any pump or pumps on or near the same; and also to remove or alter any pump now (landing in the said streets of lanes, for the purpose of watering the said streets or lanes, in such manner as the said of, of any five or morp of them, shall direct.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tfiat the said commissioners, or any five or more of themj

Commission-

Names of ire^i dee.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 77

may order and direct the houses within the said streets" and to beafSxcd lanes, and within the said courts, yards, alleys, passages, and, n corne, # places, or any of them, to be numbered with figures placed or house*

Q*: ed on the doors thereof, or in such other part of the said es respectively as they the said of, or any five or more or them, shall think proper; and may also order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described, on a Conspicuous part of some house, or other building, at or near the end or comer of each street, lane, court, yard, alley, passage, or place, adjoining to, or being near, the said streets or lanes hereby directed to be regulated respectively, the names by which such respective street, lane, court, yard, alley, passage, or place, so adjoining, is usually or properly called or known9 and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface, any such number, figure* name, or description, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, and shall be convicted thereof by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace acting in and for the said town and places, which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer; every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Signs, dec. to That from and after the said second Monday next after the paf- be regulated, sing of this act, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall cause all signs, which then, or at any time after,

shall be placed or hung in any part or parts of the said streets and lanes, to be fixed or placed on the fronts of such houses respectively where to the same shall belong; and also shall and may cause all sign irons, posts, boards, gutters, or other things, occasioning any obstruction or annoyance in the said streets, to be removed or altered in such manner as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and that for the future, all siens, boards, spouts, or gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the monts of the houses, (hops, warehouses, or buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise, and if any person or persons shall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, erect, or build, any sign, sign post or iron, board, spout or gutter, or cause the same to be done, in any other manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any manner occasion any incroachment or annoyance in the said streets or lanes; every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the signs, &c. UB-authority aforesaid, That if any, or any part of any, such sign, used, to be re. sign iron or post, board, gutter, or spout, shall remain unused turned, after the alteration made thereto, as before directed, the same shall be returned to, and be the property of, the person to whom the lame belonged before such removal or alteration.

XLVII. Jnd whrnas tbt said Jlmti and lotus are, in Jomt

£artt

7. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1765.

/*7ffj thereof, greatly obstructed and made dangerous to foot passengers, by flips being brought out from houses, steps and doors going down into cellars, vaults, and other places, and by Jbew glasses, fbew boards, or other matters or things projecting from shops or housej» over and beyond the area belonging to such houses, or into the foot< m - ways; be it therefore funher enabled by the authority aforesaid, Wdngtoofar" That from and after the said second Monday after the paffia| to bercmov- this act, all such steps projecting into the foot-ways of the ed. laid streets and lanes, and all steps and doors going down out

of the foot-ways into any cellars, vaults, or other places, be* longing to any house, (hop, warehouse, or tenement, as like* wife all shew glades or shew boards projecting over and beyond the areas, or into the foot-ways, and all and every other material, matter, or thing, belonging to any house, warehouse, (hop, cellar, or other building, which cause or occasion any nuisance, annoyance, incroachment, or obstruction, in the Cud streets or lanes, or either of them (either in the foot or carriage* way thereof) shall be, at the expence of the said of* from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such manner and form as shall be approved of by the bid of, or any five or more or them, or their surveyor by their direction.

XLVIII. And whereas the paving all the streets and lanes comprized within the limits of this act will necessarily require a course

of time, and the pavements of many places continue very bad and dangerous, and the present method of presenting these inconveniences by the leet juries is often attended with great delays: and whereas it is apprehended, that if power was given to the commissioners for executing this act to remedy these desects, the same wouldbe of pub* tick utility $ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Yhvments in That the surveyor to the said of, or any other per* other streets, son or persons appointed by them, shall, as often as he or they hojvto be re- or are directed by the said of, or any five or more of them, view the (late and condition of the said streets, ls|nes» and other passages, within the parishes and places aforesaid and all nuisances, desects, and wants of repair, and to present the same to the said of in their respective divisions upon oath; which oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer; and the said of, or any five or more of them, shall thereupon fend notice in writing, to the house or houses, or other buildings or tenements where such nuisance or defect shall be, requiring the same to fee removed or amended within fourteen days then after; and if the same shall not be done according to such order and notice, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall thereupon cause the nui&nces or defects to be removed or mended, and they shall be reimbursed and paid by the tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of the respective houses or ether tenements $ and such tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, is, and are, and shall be, liable to pay the whole of duch charges and expences*and in case such tenant or tenants,

79 ASGIII C. 24.

Occupier of occupiers, shall not within six days after the fante Stall be demanded, by a notice thereof in writing, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their lift or most usual place of abode, pay, or cause to be paid, the said charges and fcxpences to the said of, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint to re-drive the same (which said notice shall be in writing, and sign-fed by the clerk to the commissioners for the time being, by or* der of the said of, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the expences incurred) it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons so to be appointed by the said of to receive the same, feo make complaint thereof to any one or more justice or iufti-ces of the peace for the county or place where such person or persons, so refilling or neglecting, shall be and reside; and such justice or justices may, and is and are hereby authorized and required, to issue a warrant under his or their hand and seal,

6r hands and seals, to cause the party or parties to be brought before him or them5 and upon the party or parties appearing!

Of not being to be found after due enquiry and proof thereof, by the oath of the party making such enquiry (which oath the £iid justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) to hear and determine the matter in a summary way: and if upon the confession of the party or parties, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such justice or justices, that such charges and expences have been incurred by the said of, and not paid or satisfied by the party or parties as aforesaid; then such justice or justices may, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to issue a warrant or warrants under his and their hand ancf fell, or hands and seals, for levying the same by distress and side of the goods and chattles of such party or parties; and if after full payment thereof, together with all charges attending loch distress and sale, there shall be an overplus, then the same shall be paid to the owner or owners of fycb goods and chattles upon demand.

XLIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained Central* be-Shall be deemed or taken to make void any custom, usage, contract, covenant, or agreement, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the keeping in repair such pavement, cated.

L. Provided also, That nothing in this act shall be construed Pnmfo. to restrain the power of such court-leets, but that no person shall be punished twice for the same offence

LI. Andy for defraying the charges and expences of paving and 'repairing the findjtreets and lanes, or any of them> and of cleanjmgy ngbtingy and watching the fame^ and alt other streets, tanes, -courts y jards, and ether places aforesaid, and for preventing annoyances and heereaebments therein^ and for other the purports of this act; be it tatter eroded by the authority aforesaid, That from and after tttow

Oda

16 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

[176

the jpafling of this act, one or more rate or rates, assessment os aflerfments, shall twice in every year, or oftener, if it shall be thought needful by the said comiriilfiohers, or any five or more of them, be made, laid, and aflefifed, by the said coramiffi-oners, or any five or more of them, within their respective divisions, of and upon all and every person and persons, who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy any land* house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within the said streets and lanes respectively, herein before directed and appointed to be in the first place paved$ and upon all and every person and persons who do or shall inhabit, bold, or occupy, any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within all other streets, lanes, and places, comprized within this act, when and so soon as the same shall respectively be begun to be paved by virtue of this act, in such competent sum and sums of money, as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall yearly, and every year, order and di-red; so as such rates or assessments, do not exceed in the whole, the sum of two shillings in the pound, in any one year of the yearly relit of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouse* cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the said streets and lanes respectively; nor more than one half part of such rates or assessments, in any one year of such yearly relit, within all wharfsj and the said courts, yards, alleys, passages, and places, as aforesaid, inns, and livery stables, the entrances or gateways only of which said inns and livery stables, are in the said streett or lanes respectively.

Certain streets

LII. And whereas the paving of the said streets, lanes, and places, may be light- will necessarily require a course of time to compleat the same \ and «d» watchc<J> whereas it may be found necessary forthwith to lights watch, and fcrthvlrith# d* {^eanfe^ lb* high street, from the south end London Bridge, to the Jlones end in Blackman Street, Church Lane, Kent Street, and White Street; and also from the west end <?/Tooley Street to the east end thereof; and also the several other streets, lanes, and places, lying within the said parish of Saint Olaye; and also from the north end of Bermondsey Street, and through Bermondsey Street to the Hand qnd Marygold, at the south end thereof5 and also the several other courts, yards, alleys, passages, and places, #7w-mediately communicating with or adjoining to the same \ be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, within their respective districts, to make a rate or rates, twice or oftener in every year, as it shall be found necessary, upon all and every person and persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy, any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, wharf, or other building or tenement, dead wall, or void space of ground, within or communicating with the said last mentioned parish, streets, and places respectively, in such competent sum and sums of money as they the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think sufficient 5 and shall and may apply the same in __ cleaning.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 81

eansing, watching, and lighting, the same streets, lanes, and aces respectively, under the powers and authority of this act, though the same shall not be begun to be paved by virtue of »is att.

LIII. Provided always, That such rate or rates shall not ex - Rates not tod two shillings in the pound in any one year of the yearly exceed »#. in M of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, the P°und-harfs, or other buildings, tenements, dead walls, or void aces of ground.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-Ttat if at any time hereafter two thirds of the householders ers to cleanse, ithin any street, lane, or place, comprized within this act, a, y tail apply by petition to the said of, or any five or street, on lore of them, at any of their.meetings within their respect application of ?e divisions, deiiring to have such street, lane, or place, cleans- t?ro.thhir? °* I, watched, and lighted, under the powers of this act$ then shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any ve or more or them, and they are hereby required to cause the me to be done, and have hereby power to assess the inhabi-ints of such street or place respectively, in any sum not exceding two shillings in the pound, of the relit of the houses, inements, or buildings, within such street, lane, or place re-icCtively.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Rates to be 'hat all rates, made by virtue of this act, shall be allowed and fl£"cd by two gned by two justices of the peace acting in and for the said banner of iwn or places, who are also hereby impowered and required to recovery, rant a warrant or warrants for collecting and levying the me 5 and the said rates, after the same shall be so allowed and gned by the said justices, shall be collected half yearly by such erson or persons as the said of, or any five or more F them, (nail, by writing under their hands and ieals, appoint: id if any person or persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to ay the sum or sums of money, which he, she, or they, shall be ited or assessed, for the space of ten days after personal demand made thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of 3ode or occupation of such person or persons; then, and in ?ery such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said collector r collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized ad required to levy the sum by distress and sale of the goods nd chattles of such person or persons so neglecting, refuting, r omitting, to pay the same: and in case no such goods or lattles can be found to be so distrained; or in case such goods id chattles shall be locked up or secured, or removed from ic said collector or collectors, so that he or they cannot dif-ain the lame; then, and, in either of the said cases, upon inclination thereof given to the said justices, or any two justices I the peace for the said county or borough, it mall and may 5 lawful, for such justices, and they are hereby required to com-lit the offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of xm£tipa for the said county or borough, there to remain.

Rates on Wharfs limited.

Where honfes are lett out intenements, owners are to be ail eired,

but tenants to pay}

who may deduct it out or their rents.

Rates for houses under aol. per annum, may be compounded for.

Where houses, &c. shall be unoccupied,

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24, ^1765.

without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding the space of one month, or until the payment of such rate or assessment, and reasonable charges occasioned by the non-payment thereof.

LVI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the rates to be assessed upon the inhabitants and occupiers of such wharfs, shall not exceed one half of the rates which shall be assessed upon such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenement*, as shall be new paved by virtue of this act.

LVII. And whereas many houses within the said streets and other places ere, by the several owners or proprietors thereof \ lett out in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it will be difficult /# rate and ofjefs such houses, or to recover such rates and ajpjfmenti when made 5 for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more of them, frdlh time to time, and at all times, when they meet to make a rate in pursuance of this act, to rate and assess the owner or owners of such houses or tenements as shall be lett to, or occupied by, two or more tenants; which rate and assessment shall be paid by one or more of the tenants or occupiers of any part or parts of such houses: and in case any occupier or occupiers of aoy part of such houses or tenements shall refuse to pay the same; then, the said rate and assessment shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods of him, her, or them, so refuting to pay the same; and such occupier or occupiers of such tenements respectively, is and are hereby required and authorized to pay such sum and sums of money, as shall be lb ratecTor assessed on the owner or owners of such houses, in pursuance of this act, and to dedud the same out of the relit thereof; and the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such dedudions and payments, upon the receipt of the residue of their rents; and every such tenant, paying such rata or rate^, assessment or assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much money as the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such person or persons to whom his, her, or their relit Should have been due and payable.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound with the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such houses, or any other houses within the said streets and places, the annual relit or value whereof shall be under twenty pounds, for the rate by this act authorized, to be laid upon such houses; so as in such composition. there be not remitted to any such owner browners, proprietor or proprietors respectively, more than one third of the rate by this act hud upon such houses respectively;:

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case it shall so happen, that any of the lands, houses, 2. /v ribops,

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 83

(hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, or any part or parts thereof, within the said streets and places, or any'

or either of them, shall, at any time from and afrer the making of the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, be empty,

untenacted, or unoccupied; that then, and in every such case, ^wne.to J*

one half of the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, or onenatt of*

the one half of such other rates as may be assessed by virtue of the rates,

this act, shall be paid by the owner or proprietors of such lands, houses, shops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements;

and in case of non-payment thereof, such lands, houses, shops, and the pre-

warehouses, vaults, cellars, or other tenements, shall be, and the same are hereby made a security for and chargeable with a ccu"

such arrears.

LX. Jnd, to the end the fatJ rates may be more effectually col- Tenants and lefled and received, be it further enacted, That all and every occupiers to tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers of lands, houses, (hops, Pa* ratci* warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, are and shall be liable to pay the whole of such rates, when no composition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the receiver or receivers to be appointed by the said of, as herein is directed; and in case of such payment, such tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, shall be at liberty, and is and are hereby authorized to deduct and detain out of his, her, or their relit, 'such proportion of such rates as he, she, or they, shall respectively pay, on account of the several owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, and shall be hereby saved and kept harmless from any further payment of any such rate or rates, to any person or persons to whom any such relit or rents Should or ought to be paid.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pavements li-That where any part or parts of the pavement of the said streets able to be re-or other places, hath or have been accustomed, or ought to be paved and repaired by any particular parish or paristies, bodies £re to be impolitic or corporate, and not by the owners or occupiers of the paired at their houses or other buildings adjoining to the pavement of the said expence by streets and places respectively; the same shall be paved and repaired at the expence of the respective parish or paristies, bodies ours-. p politic or corporate, by the paviour or paviours contrafting with or employed by the said of.

LXII. Provided always, That it shall and maybe lawful for or the com-the said of, or any five or more of them, from time missionersmay to time, to compound and agree for the same with any such ^IjJ^h^na-parish or paristies, or bodies politic or corporate, for a certain JjJke*, to for fwn of money, by the foot or other measure, as the said com- the lame. miflBoners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All publick That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission* buildings, to ers, or any five or more of them, at their discretion, and they b« rated b7 re hereby required, from time time, to rate and assess, for the Mrposes of this act, all parish churches, church yards, chapels, y

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. [1765.

meeting houses, schools, warehouses, hospitals, prisons, and 'all other public buildings whatsoever, and all dead walls, and void spaces of ground, situate and being within either of the said streets and other places, at a rate to be settled by five or more of the said of, not exceeding six pence for every square yard belonging to every such parish church, church yard, chapd, meeting house, school, warehouse, hospital, prison, and other public buildings whatsoever, dead wall, and void space of ground; the rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be made and paid for such parish churches, chapels, and church yards, to be paid by the respective church or chapel wardens$ and the rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be made and paid for such meeting houses, schools, warehouses, dead walls, and void spaces of ground, shall be paid by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, thereof; and the rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be made and paid for such hospitals, prisons, and other public buildings, shall be paid by such person and persons, officer and officers, as are now liable to pay for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said streets, in respect of such hospital, prison, or other public building respectively.

Occupiers

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, quitting with- That where any person or persons, who hath or have been rates^ina^be rate<* anc* ty v*rtuc of this act, shall quit his, her, or

followed?* their dwelling-house, warehouse, (hop, vault, cellar, or tenement, whereupon such rate or assessment has been made, before he, she, or they, shall have paid the same, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the same when due, and demanded by the person or persons authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, and every or any of them, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two or more justices of the peace acting in and for the said town and places, which warrant the said justices are hereby authorized and required to grant, in any place within the said borough of Southwark, or county of Surrey; or, out of the limits thereof (such warrant being hrft backed or counter-signed by some magistrate in the county, city, or liberty, where the distress is to be made) to distrain the goods and chattles of such person or persons so neglectng or retusing, and the same to fell, rendering the overplus, if any such shall be, after de? dudling the reasonable charges and expences of such distress and sale, to the owner of such goods and chattles demanding the same.

Persons pay-

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person ing tins rate, or persons paying the rates and assessments by this act laid, with-cxtmpted. in the said streets and places respectively, shall be, and they, an4 every of them, is and are hereby exempted and discharged from the charge and expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, or watching the said streets, and all other streets and places within their respective paristies, wherein any part of the said streets, courts, yards, lanes, alleys, and other places respectively are situate;

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

and also from all penalties which may or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or watch the same respectively \ any law, Statute, or usage, to the 'Contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And whereas provision may have been formerly made by pormer ratcg cBs ef parliament, either for pavings cleaning, lightings watchings to cease. tr keeping in repair, the said streets and other places, or some part or parts thereof intended to be paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and kept in repair, by this act\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as Toon as any rate or assessment shall be made, laid, or assessed, by virtue of this act, on the owners or occupiers of any lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars,

vsuits, or other tenements; or on any church or chapel wardens, for and on account of any ground belonging to any church, church yard, or chapel j such owner or occupiers, and such church or cnapel wardens respectively, shall be no longer liable to be charged to any rate or assessment for and on account of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements j or for or on account of such church, church yard, or chapel, by virtue or in pursuance of such former acts, or any of them.

LXVII. And, for the more effectually putting this act in execution, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon and after the first Sunday after the first general meeting of the said of, there shall be paid to the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, to be nominated and appointed by the said of, or any seven or more of them, at a general meeting assembled, before any cattle or carriage shall be ptsmitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the turnpikes here under-mentioned, or through any turnpike to be erected, by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament, near the same; videlicet, The turnpike at Symond's Corner, in the parish of Lambfth $ or at any gate or gates, turnpike or turn-Jolla on Sun-pikes, to be erected between the said place and the (tones end.in Blackman Street; the turnpike at Newington Butts; any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, to be eredfed between the road called The New Road, at the end of Kent Street, and Saint George's church; any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, to be erected at or near Star Corner, in the parish of Bermondsey \ any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, to be erected between a place called Dock Head and Folly Bridge $ the following tolls j videlicet,

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calalh, or other carriage, drawn by fix or more horses, the sum of ten pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, cala(h, or other carriage, drawn by four horses, the sum of eight pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, cala(h, or Dthfcr carriage, drawn by three or two horses, the sum of six pence.

And for every chaise, chair, cala(h, or other carriage, drawn by one horse, the sum of threepence.

G 3 Vot

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 4# f 1765.

For every horse, mule, or afs, not drawing, the sum of one penny.

Which said respective sums of money shall and may be demanded and taken in the name of and for a street toll, over and above, and exclusive of, all other tolls which are or shall be authorized to be taken and collected upon or on account of the said roads, br any of them: and the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any person or persons by them, or any five or more of them, thereto authorized at a general meeting, to levy the toll, hereby required to be paid, upon any person or persons who shall, after demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any passage through the said turnpikes respectively, until payment thereof; which said toll shall and may be levied by distress of any horse or horses, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this adfc imposed, or upon any of the goods and chattles of such person or persons who ought to pay the same; and all such horses, cattle, or goods, may be detained until such toll, with the reasonable charges of such distress shall be paid: and it shall be lawful for the person or persons so distraining, after the space of four days after such distress made or taken, to fell the horse or horses, cattle, goods, or chattles, so distrained, rendering to the owner or owners thereof theover: plus upon demand, after satisfaction of the said toll, and the ret-sonable charges in and about making such distress, keeping, and sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said of, or any five or turnpikes and more Of them, at a general meeting, if they shall think proper, to l houses. at any tjmc or times^ to cause to be erected any turnpike or turnpikes, at or near the respective places afore-mentioned, for the purpose of collecting the several and respective tolls hereby made payable; and also to be erected or provided a toll-house at or near each turnpike; and, from time to time, to remove or alter the same, as they the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think expedient.

Turnpikes al-

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and deready created, dared by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be may be used lawful for the several and respective receivers and collectors, and for the pur- other persons, to be appointed by virtue of this act, to receive po.ea o this anj co]je<q the fevCraI tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby authorized and impowered, for the purposes of this act, without the lett, hindrance, or molestation, of any person or persons whatsoever, to make ufc of all or any the gates or turnpikes, and toll-houses, already credted, or hereafter to be erected or continued by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, at or near the respective places whereat any toll is hereby authorized to be taken; so as such respective receivers, collectors, or other persons, do in no wife binder or interrupt the trans-

tding

Tolls may be levied by di-itress, &c.

Distress may be sold after 4. days.

Commissioners may erect

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24. 87

doling of any business or purpose, for which such turnpikes and toll-houses were respectively eredfed or provided.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the au-Street tolls thority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be liable to P*, d but pay the said street toll more than once for passing or repairing, 0ilcca ay* at any time or times, on the same Sunday as afoi^said, with the same cattle and carriage; but that all and every person and persons, after having paid such toll once as aforesaid, shall, during the remainder of such day, pass toll-free, with respedi to the said street toll, with the same cattle and carriage, through the gate or turnpike at which any such toll was paid, upon producing a note or ticket denoting the payment of such toll; which notes or ticket^ the collectors of the said tolls are hereby fequired to give gratis on receipt of such tolls.

LXXI. And whereas an act was passed in the last session of par- Persons hav. Eamsnty intituled An act for impowering the commissioners for putting in execution the several acts passed for paving, cleansing, Sunday toll, and lighting, the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and exempted liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent, to collect certain from lhe tolls cm Sundays, upon the several roads therein mentioned, uthwark> and apply the same for the purposes of the said acts: and whereas a Jireet toll is iirested by the said act to be taken at the turnpike near eft to Westminster Bridge, in tke county of Surrey; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons having paid the toll granted by the said act, at the said turnpike nearest to Westminster Bridge, and producing a ticket denoting the payment thereof, shall be permitted, in the same day, to pass and repass with the same cattle and carriage through the gate or turnpike whereat any toll shall be taken by virtue of this act, at or near SymoruTs Corner, or between the said place and the stones end in Blackman Street, without paying any toll authorized by this act to be collected; and all persons having paid the toll by this act granted, at any gate at or near Symond's Corner aforesaid, or between that place and the stones end in Blackman Street aforesaid, and producing a ticket denoting the payment thereof, shall be permitted to pass and repass on the same day, through any gate or turnpike near Westminster Bridge, without paying any toft by the said above mentioned act of last session authorized to be collected; which tickets the respective collectors are hereby required to deliver, on receipt of the toll.

LXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and de- No toll to be dared. That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be taken for 8°-construed to extend, to give the commissioners for putting this act Fn-ars*1 in execution, any power to collect any toll or tolls upon any car- Bridge, riage or cattle passing to or from the bridge now credting across the river Thames, from Black Fryars, in the city of London, over or through any of the roads made, or which shall be made, leading thereto; unless such carriages or cattle shall actually Gome into any of the streets aforesaid, within the powers of this act

G4

8S

On? million-nv. »n: iy Icafe the toils.

Penalty on evading the tolls.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24; [1765.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afere^ said, That the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, it a general meeting, may, and are hereby impowered, upon ten days notice being given in the London Gazette, to leafeor farm, by the year, the tolls by this act granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any person or persons, at or for the largest. yearly sums that can be got for the same; provided that fudi lettings or agreements be made in writing, and signed by the person or persons taking or farming any such tolls, and by the of that lett the same, and be not made for more than three years at a time; and that the money that shall be lb agreed to be paid for the said tolls, shall be made payable, and shall be paid, to the said of by quarterly payments; and that the person or persons to whom the same shall be folett, shall always pay down one quarter's pay in advance $ and if any letting or agreement for letting the said tolls, or any part or parts thereof, shall be made, or any default shall be made in paying the money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true meaning of this act, then every such letting and agreement shall be void, and the person or persons to whom the said tolls shall be lett, shall be liable to account for the same, and to have the same levied and recovered upon and of him and them, in the same manner as is by this act directed for the accounting for other monies by the collectors or receivers thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same upon and of them.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, bead, or carriage, through any turnpike whereat any toll is, by virtue of this act, to be paid, without paying such toll, or producing a note or ticket as aforesaid at such turnpike, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from, any other person or persons, any note or ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of any or either of the said tolls, or any part thereof; every person lo offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, over and besides such damages and punishments as they and every of them respectively shall be liable to by law; and it shall and maybe lawful for the said receivers or collectors, and for every of them, and all other persons by them required to assist in that respect to seize any horse or horses, cattle or goods, belonging to, or in the possession, or under the care of, any person or persons so offending in the premisses; and the same to take before any justice of the peace of the county or place where such offence or offences shall be committed, and before him to make complaint of such offence or offences; and such justice may, and is hereby required to enquire into the same, as well by examination of the party or parties, as by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer without fee or reward) and if the said justice shall fee cause, to convict the party or parties complained of in the penalty aforesaidj and

89

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

for nonpayment thereof, and of the tolls that shall be due (though the same shall not be demanded) by warrant under his band and seal, to cause the said horse or horses, cattle, or goods, to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties, and the charges of seizing and keeping the same, and of such sale, rendering the overplus (if any there shall be) to the owner or own* era of the said horse or horses, cattle or goods, or to the person or persons under whose care, or in whose possession, they re-foectively was or were when so seized as aforesaid; and if no such seizure as aforesaid can or shall be made, then the aforesaid penalty and tolls shall be levied and recovered by such means, and applied in such manner, as is herein after made and provided for the levying and recovering, and application of penalties and forfeitures.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commission-said, That the said of, or any nine or more of them, ers may bor-at a general meeting, may, and are hereby impowered to bor- row money row and take up at interest, any sum or sums of money upon the credit of the tolls, payable by virtue of this act; and to af* w sign over the same, or any part or parts thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, the charges of such a£ signments and conveyances to be paid out of such tolls respectively, to any person or persons that shall advance or lend their monies thereon, as a security or securities for the several sums that shall be borrowed, and the interest thereof, as aforesaid j and copies of all such assignments and conveyances shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, by the clerk or treasurer to the said of; and all and every person and persons, to whom any such assignment shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered from time to time, by assignment under his, her, or their hand or hands, to be in* dorfed on the back of his, her, or their security, or by any other writing or writings under his, her, or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, which shall be executed in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their right, to the principal and interest-money thereby fe* cured, to any person or persons whomsoever; all which assign- Securities may ments or transfers shall be produced and notified to the said be transferred! clerk or treasurer, within thirty days after the date thereof, who shall cause an entry to be made of such assignments, containing the date, names of the parties, and sums of money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said book or books to be kept for entering the said original assignments; and which said book or books shall and may, at all seasonable times, be perused and inspected without any fee or reward; and after such entry made, such assignment or transfer shall intitle such assignee, nis, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon; and such assignee may in like manner assign and transfer again, and so toties quoties\ and it shall not be in the power of any person who shall have made such assignment or transfer, to make void, release or dif* change the same, or any monies thereon due*

No preference to be given in borrowing money.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

Monies raised, vcited in the of, to be applied for the purposes of this a &.

Tolls may be apportioned.

Expences of passing this act, to be first paid.

Balance of money in hand, at receiver's death, to be paid by his executors, Jsc.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no preference shall be given to any person or persons advancing any sum or Aims of money upon the credit of this act, in respect of the priority of advancing such sum or Aims; but that all persons, to whom any mortgages or alignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the sum or Anns therein mentioned, be creditors in equal degree one with another.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all monies raised or collected by virtue of this act, as and upon account or credit of the said tolls, shall be, and the same are hereby vetted in the said of at large or in general; and the money to be raised by all other means under the authority of this act shall be, and the same are hereby vetted in the said of within the respective divisions where such monies shall arise; and all monies raised or collected by virtue of this act, shall be applied for the purposes of this act, and to and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That two third parts of the money arising by the said tolls, and of the money to be borrowed upon the credit thereof, shall be applied towards paving the several ttreets and other carriage ways within the western division j and the remaining one third part, shall be applied towards paving the several ttreets and other carriage ways within the eastern division; but if at any time, when the pavement of the several ttreets, and other places hereby directed to be paved within either of the said divisions, shall be compleated, and there shall remain any overplus of the said monies appropriated to that division, the same shall be paid over to the of having the care of the other division, if the pavements of the ttreets and other places within such latt mentioned division, are not compleated, to be applied towards compleating the pavement of the ttreets and other places hereby directed to be paved within such division.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the charges and expences of procuring and patting this act, shall be paid out of the first monies which shall be raised-by virtue of this act.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any receiver or receivers shall happen to die before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the money by him or them received by virtue of this act then, and in every such case, the executors or administrators, executrix or administratrix, or other legal representative or representatives, or person or persons possessing the late estate and effects of every such receiver or receivers, shall, out of such estate or effects, pay the treasurer or treafarers for the time being under this act, all such sums of money by such receiver or receivers so received, and not paid, or so much thereof as the said estate or effects will extend to pay; and the receipt of five or more of the said of shall be a good discharge for such money; and every

1765O Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

executor or administrator, or other person as aforesaid, may, to any action or suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them; plead or give in evidence the payment of the same, and shall be allowed payment of the same out of such estate or effects: and in case of nonpayment of the same, by the space of twenty one days after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said treasurer or treasurers for the time being, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required, in his or their own name or names, to commence and bring one or more action or actions in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, against such executors or administrators, or other person or persons as aforesaid, for the-recovery of the same.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties may That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission- mitlgattd. ers, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any person or persons against whom the said of, or any five or more of them, shall bring, or cause to be brought, any action or a#ions, suit or suits, for any penalty or penalties contained in any contract or contracts already entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, on account of any breach or nonperformance of any such contract or contracts, for such sum or sums of money as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper5 and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any other the forfeitures incurred under this act; so as the sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the injury or damage sustained by the breach or nonperformance of such contract or contracts, and all the costs, charges, and expences, which shall be occasioned thereby; and so as the mitigation of the other forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above one moiety of the said forfeitures respectively.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Persons «g-authority aforesaid, That if any person shall think himself or 8neved "F herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this a#, q^tc/feK and for which no particular method of relief hath been already {Jon* appointed, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace, at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint shall arise; and within three calendar months after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen, such appellant first giving or causing to be given twenty one days notice at the lead in writing of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the clerk or treasurer to the said of; and, within two days after such notice, entering into recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or place, with two fuffident foreties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the ju-Aices at such quarter sessions: and the said justices, at such session, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear and finally deterauoc Use causes and matter of such appeal in a summary

9*

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

Commissioners may reward informers.

Commissioners to defray their own expences. Distrefj not to be deemed unlawful for want of forms

nor thejparty distraining to be deemed a a trespasser ab initio.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24; [1765.

way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such quarter sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattles, by warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace, acting in and for the said town and places; which warrant such justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer) and the penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whose goods and chattles shall be so distrained and fold, fthe charges of such distress and sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the tresurer to the said of for the time being, and be applied towards the purposes of this act; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they shall see cause, to pay and apply such part of the said penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding one moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the use of the informer or informers, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, shall, at all their meetings under this act, pay and defray their own expences.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties aiftraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distnaining;

1765.I Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 24.

but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the case.

LXXXVII. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs Plaintiff not shall recover in any action for such irregularity, trespass, or10 recover if other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made eSfbath by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have com- 5^ nude. mitted, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, trespass, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit j whereupon such proceedings, or orders, and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LaXX

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Writings to said. That no nomination, con trad, bond, warrant, judge- be without ment, or other writing whatsoever, under the hand and seal, or ^taj3aPs* hands and seals, of, or only signed by, any commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of, or only signed by, any other person or persons whatsoever, relating {o the execution of this act, shall be chargeable with any (lamp duty whatsoever.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Proceedings said. That all orders and proceedings of the said commission- to be entered ers, at their meetings, shall be entered in a book or books to m a book-be kept for that purpose j and such orders and proceedings so entered shall be signed by the clerk or clerks at any meeting of five or more of the said of, assembled as the case shall require, and such orders shall be deemed and taken to be original orders; which said book or books shall and may be Books may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever. Jjead in*-

XC. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p nc^-That no proceedings to be had touching the conviction of any n^o bi"88 offender or offenders against this act, or any order made, or quashed for other matter or thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to want of form; the execution of this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want n<* of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or r*

process whatsoever into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation c£ That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person actions, or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, until twenty one days notice shall be thereof given in writing to the clerk or treasurer to the said commissioners/or after fafficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after the &SL committed, for which such action or actions, suit or suits

94

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 25. [1765.

shall be so brought, and every such action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the county or place where such matters and things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or defendants in such General issue. actions and suits, and every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the matter or thing for which such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the said matter or thing (nalj appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such action or suit was brought before twenty one days notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfadhon was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid j then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein: and if a verdict or verdicts shall be found for such defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or actions, suit or suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of such action or actions; or if, upon any demurrer or demurrers in such action or actions, judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have Treble costs, treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs, in any other cases by law.

XCII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be taken and allowed in all courts of justice as a publick act; and all judges, justices, and others, are hereby required ter take notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXV.

An act for Utter regulating apprentices, and persons work* ing under contrail.

WHEREAS persons employed in fevered manufactories of this kingdom frequently take apprentices who an very youngs and for several years of their apprenticeships9 are rather a burthen than ctherivife to their majters: and whereas it frequently happens that such apprentices, when they might he expected to be useful to their majirrs9 absent themselves from their service: and whereas the laws in being art not sufficient to prevent these inconveniences: for remedy whereof* may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; sind be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of &e same, Thtk from and after the twenty fourth day of fune9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, if any apprentice shall abfpnt himself from his master's service before, the term of his apprenticeship shall be expired, every such apprentice

[Publick act.]

[Preamble.]

lices im-wered to lige ap. jntice ab-iting before

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 25. .95

prentice shall, at any time or times thereafter, whenever he expiration of shall be found, be compelled to serve his said mailer for so long hwappren-a time as he shall have so absented himself from such service, forteTo/such unless he shall make satisfaction to his mailer for the loss he term as he shall have fuilained by his absence from his service; and so, shall absent, from time to time, as often as any such apprentice shall, without leave of his mailer, absent himself from his service before the term of his contract shall be fulfilled: and in case any such or to make apprentice shall refuse to serve as hereby required, or to make satisfactioni such satisfaction to his mailer, such mailer may complain, upon oath, to any justice of the peace of the county or place where he shall reside, which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer, and to issue a warrant under his hand and seal for apprehending any such apprentice; and such justice, upon hearing the complaint, may determine what satisfaction shall be made to such mailer by such apprentice; and in case such apprentice shall not give security to make such satisfaction according to such determination, it shall and may be lawful for such justice to commit every such apprentice to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall except as to extend to any apprentice, whose mailer shall have received with appJjjnt, ce| such apprentice the sum of ten pounds. 10

ill- Provided also, That no apprentice shall be compelled to serve for any time or term, or to make any satisfaction to any (half mailer, after the expiration of seven years next after the end of have elapfei the term for which such apprentice shall have contracted to serve; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it frequently happens that artificers^ callicoe printers, handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keelmen, pitmen, glassmen, potters, labourers, and others, who contra ft with per fins for certain terms, do leave their respective firvices before the terms of their eontrafts are fulfilied; to the great disappointment and loss of theper-fins with whom they so contra ft: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after Justices Im-the said twenty fourth day or June, one thousand seven hun- powered to dred and sixty six, if any artificer, callicoe printer, handicrafts-man, miner, collier, keeiman, pitman, glafiman, potter, la- artifice and bourer, or other person, shall contract with any person whom- others notfuU soever for any time or term whatsoever, and shall absent him- fiUing their self from his service before the term of his contract shall be guilty compleated, or be guilty of any other misdemeanor, that then, Of any mifde-and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for any justice meanor. of, the poace of the county or place where any such artificer, callicoe printer, handicraft (man, miner, collier, keeiman, pitman, glafiman, potter, labourer, or other person, shall be found, and such justice is hereby authorized and impowered, upon complaint thereof made upon oath to him by the person with whom such artificer, callicoe printer, handicraftsman, miner, jollier* keeiman, pitman, glassman* potter, labourer, or

ovhtt

§6

and upon conviction to commit the offender.

Personi aggrieved by the order of a justice (except in caln of commitment) may appeal j

giving notice to the justice, and entering into recognisance, 8k.

Justices at the ouarter sessiont impowered to determine the appeal,

and award costs.

Limitation of this act with respect to the stannaries, and city of London.

I

Preamble reciting alls

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

other person, shall have so contfu&ed, or by his or her steward or agent, which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer, to issue his warrant for the apprehending every such artificer, callicoe printer, handicraftsman, miner, collier, keel-man, pitman, glassman, potter, labourer, or other person, and to examine into the nature of the complaint; and if it shall appear to such justice that any such artificer, callicoe printer, handicraftsman, miner, collier, keeiman, pitman, glassman, potter, labourer, or other person, shall not have fulfilled such contract, or hath been guilty of any misdemeanor, it shall and may be lawful for such justice to commit every such person to the house of correction for the county or place where such justices shall reside, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

V. Provided always, That if any person flull think himself aggrieved by such determination, order, or warrant, of any justice of the peace as aforesaid, except an order of commitment, every such person may appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place where such determination or order shall be made; such person giving six days notice of his intention of bringing such appeal, and of the cause and matter thereof, to such justice of the peace and the parties concerned, and entering into a recognizance within three days after such notice, before some justice of the peace for such county or place, with sufficient surety, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order or judgement of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter sessions; which said justices, at their laid sessions, upon due proof of such notice being given, and of entering into such recognizance as aforesaid, mall and are hereby directed to proceed in, hear, and determine, the causes and matters of all such appeals; and shall give such relief and costs to the parties appealing or appealed against, as they, in their discretion, shall judge proper and reasonable; and their judgements and orders therein shall be final and conclusive to all parties concerned.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to the stannaries in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, or to impeach or lessen the jurisdiction of the chamberlain of the city of London, or of any other court within the said city, touching apprentices.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the city of London, and the liberties thereof 5 and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same*and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the several streets, lanes9 /quarts, yards, court s9 alleys, pajfsages, and places, within the cityo/hon-don and liberties thereof an in general ill paved and cleanjed^ and not duly enlightened; and are also greatly obstructed by pofis, and an-

9T

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

f by signs, spouts, and gutterI, projecting into and over the same 5 eby, and by sundry other encroachments and annoyances, they are red incommodious, and, in some parts, dangerous, only to

1habitants, £*/ to all others passing through the same, or resort-!ur#so; dwi whereas by an act of parliament passed in the twenty I and twenty third years of the reign of the late King Charles 12 & 23 Car. s« econd, intituled An act for the better paving and cleansing treets and sewers m and about the city of London, the foie r and authority of ordering, designing, and regulating, the clean-and keeping clean, of all the streets, lanes, and passages, with* t feud city and liberties, and the pitching and paving, with the and manner thereof, were vejled in the mayor, commonalty, and ns, of the said city, to be managedexecuted, and done, by such ns as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in 1*

on council assembled, Should thereunto authorize and appoint, or [even or more of them (being all members of the said court) and S sort and manner, as from time to time shotdd by them be found convenient for the public benefit of the inhabitants: and whereas fiber aft pjjfed in the second year of the reign of their late Ma-King William and £heen Mary, certain powers were given, »W. k M. rovisions made, touching the paving and cleansing the said streets, he preventing of nuisances or obstructions within the same: and tas by another act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his I0 Geo. a. tajefiy King George the Second, further powers were given ing the paving and cleansing the said streets, and for erecting Within the same: and woereas by another act passed in the thirty 33 Geo. a.'year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the St-certain powers were given to the justices of the said city, touch-be repairing and relaying such pavements in the said city as Should

maged by the breaking up of the same, to amend or relay any wa-; pes: and whereas the good intention of the said last mentioned we been wholly frustrated, by the ill repairing the frequent hes made in the said pavements by the several water companies: \

vhereas, notwithstanding the directions of the said acts, thein-ints of the said city and liberties have, for many years last past, upon themselves the paving and repairing the pavements of the beets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, ifon whereof the same have been, and are, paved in a very irre-and improper manner: and whereas the pavements of the said nd liberties cannot be improved, and kept in good and decent or-and free from nuisances and obstructions, unless some further (ions be made by authority of parliament for that purpose: and tas by another act of parliament passed in the seventeenth year of t n^ign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An an, 7eco, 1< or making effectual provision for enlightening the streets of

ity of London, certain rates are directed to be assessed and le-in manner therein mentioned, for defraying the yearly charges of ng, lighting, supplying, and maintaining, such a convenient and ent number of glass lamps, within the said city and liberties, as ayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common coun

Timkled, Should think proper: and whereas several of the powers,

*8 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

granted by the said last rented alt, have been found defective: and whereas the paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said city and liberties, might be executed with more advantage to the public, if the several powers and authorities relative thereto, were commit tea to tie same, instead of different persons: may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mot excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this presentparliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from Power of pav- and after the pasting of this act, the foie power and authority ine. See. vest- of pitching, paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the streets, ecTin mayor lanCs, squares, yards, courts, alleys, pastages, and places, with-alty of LorT-0'n ^1C^c*ly London, and liberties thereof, shall be, and don. the same is hereby, vested in the mayor, and commonalty and

citizens, of the said city, to be executed by such persons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, shall, from time to time, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act of the twenty second and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, authorize and appoint to be of of the sewers for the said city, and liberties, or by any seven or more of them; which said persons so to be, from time to time, authorized and appointed of of the sewers for the said city and liberties, shall be, and they are hereby, constituted of for carrying this act into execution.

Recorder and

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That common fer- the recorder and common serjeant of the said city of London, jeant shall be for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby constituted commimon- two of the commissioners for carryingthis aft in-

to execution.

commission- Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and

ert to be a" declared, That all the powers and authorities by this act grant-quorum. ed to, or vested in, the said of hereby constituted as aforesaid, shall and may, from time to time, be exercised by the major pan of such of them as shall attend at any public meeting, of the said of, to be holden as herein after mentioned; the number of the fai^ of present at such public meeting not being less than seven; and all acts, orders, and proceedings, of the major part of the said of present at such public meeting, shall have the same force and eflfeft as if done or made by all the of comxi-tuted by this act.

Commission-

IV. And it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the

to roeeton first public meeting of the said of, shall be at such

Iuik 1664 t*me anc* P^ace as ma>'or city shall think proper

J*7*to order and appoint: and the said mayor is hereby directed to order and appoint such first public meeting to be held on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and to cause the said of to be summoned to attend the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it 6 fl^l

*7^5-1 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

shall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the said of present at such first public meeting, or at any subsequent public meeting, of the said of (the number so attending not being less than three) to adjourn such public meeting to any future day and time, and to any place within the said city and liberties.

VI. Provided always, That every commissioner shall have notice to attend at such adjourned public meeting, by the usual fimunons from the clerk to the said of.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of the said city for the time being, from time to time, to appoint a public meeting of the said of, at any time and pbce he shall judge proper, for the execution of this act, notwithstanding any adjournment or non-adjournment of the said of; and shall cause the said of to be summoned to attend the same.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said commissioners shall and may, from time to time, at any of their said public meetings, elect and appoint one or more clerk or clerks, and one or more surveyor or surveyors, and also such and so many other officers as they shall find necessary for the due execution of this act (fourteen days notice, of their intention to proceed to such election or appointment, having been first printed and published in two or more of the daily news papers, and notice thereof being also expressed in the summons for such public meeting) and the said of shall take such security as they shall think proper, for the due execution of such respective offices; and shall and may, from time to time, remove any of the said officers at their will and pleasure, and appoiiit others in the room of such as shall die, or be removed as aforesaid: and the said of shall and may, out of the monies arising or to arise by virtue of this act, appoint and pay such salaries, gratuities, and allowances, as they shall judge reasonable, to such officers, and to all such other persons as shall have been, or shall be, employed in, or aiding and assisting about, the execution of this act.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any clerk, surveyor, or other officer, or servant, who shall be employed by the said of in the execution of this act, or any part thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept, any fee, gratuity, or reward whatsoever (other than such salaries, allowances, and rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said of) for or on account of any thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this act; or for forbearing to do any thing hereby, or by the said of, directed to be done, or on any account whatsoever, relative to the execution or nonexecution of this act; or shall any way be concerned in interefr, in any bargain made or to be made by the said of, for any of the purposes intended by this act; every person (b offending* shall from thenceforth for ever be incapable of being

99

Power to adjourn,

on notice.

Mayor may appoint spe-meetinga.

Commissioners to appoint clerks, «£.

Penalty on exactions of clerks, &c.

Proceedings to be entered in books.

Non-freemen may be employed* i

Notice to be given of contracts.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c.a6. [1765.

employed under this a dt; and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same j to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IViJbmnfter, or within the said city, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or (bit, no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the adU, orders, and proceedings, of the said of, at their said public meetings, from time to time, shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said of, and shall be signed by their clerk fcr the time being, and such entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the said of, and such book or books shall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said of may, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to employ under them any fit person or persons, whether free of the said city or not, in or about the paving, repairing, keeping in repair, and cleansing, all or any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and

places, within the said city and libertiesj and in and about theen-ightening of the same; and in and about the several works hereby directed to be performed; and to contract for the performance of the said works, or any of them, with any person or persons whatsoever, in such manner as the said of shall think fit: and that no person or persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, nor any person or persons to be set to work by and under them, or any of them, shall, for any act done, or to be done, in or about any of the works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any action, indictment, or information, upon the Statute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and apprentices; or be liable to be sued for any breach of the custom or London, or for any penalties inflicted by any bye-law of the said city.

XII. Provided always, That, previous to the making of any such contract, notice shall be given in some of the daily news papers, that the said of do intend to make such contract, and that all persons willing to engage therein may m ike proposals to the said of, at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified 5 and all contracts made, or to be made, in consequence of such notice, shall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works are to be compleated, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the non-performance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the clerk, for the time being, of the said of, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. ioi

respectively, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said of.

XIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That No common no person, being a member of the court of common council of council man the said city shall be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any contract, which shall be made or entered into by, of contract.

on behalf of, the said of, for or concerning any of the

£iid works to be carried on or performed in pupfuance of this act, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed

+therein, upon pain that every such contract shall be null and void; and that the person, who being a member of the said court, and shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same;

to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster % by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be

+commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or suit respectively no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and every person, against whom the said penalty shall be recovered, shall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being elected a member of the said court of common council.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com- General pow-missioners may cause all or any of the said streets, lanes, squares, ers* yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be new paved or

repaired when, and as osten, and in such manner, and with such materials, as the said of shall think fit; and for such purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried, out of, or brought into, the same, or any of them, such gravel, (tones, and other materials, as they shall judge ne-ccflary$ and may likewise cause the ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the course of the channels, running in or through the same, to be turned or altered, and the water pipes, which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid, under ground, to be taken up, and new laid in such places, manner, and form, as they the said of shall judge best; and may cause such posts, as they shall think useless or inconvenient; to be taken up and removed; and likewise all steps, bulks, shew glades, and shew boards, encroaching upon the footways; as also all' steps and doors, opening or leading from the footways into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, wh*t streets That the said of shall, and they are hereby required, shall be first-in the first place, to pave and enlighten the great streets from paved-Temple Bar to Whitechapel Bars; such streets to be paved with the stone known by the name of whyn quarry fane, or with rock (tone, or with stone of a flat surface.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the bar across a passage for the carriage way on the north side of the cathedral church of carriages to Saint Pauly in the said city of London, and now belonging to on the

the dean and chapter of the said cathedral church, shall be kept side

100

Proceedings to be entered in books.

Non-freemen may be employed. (

Notice to be given of con-crafts.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

employed under this act; and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or suit, no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the acts, orders, and proceedings, of the said of, at their bid public meetings, from time to time, shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said of, and shall be signed by their clerk for the time being; and such entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the said of, and such book or books shall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said of may, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to employ under them any fit person or persons, whether free of the said city or not, in or about the paving, repairing, keeping in repair, and cleansing, all or any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the said city and liberties* and in and about the en-ightening of the same; and in and about the several works hereby directed to be performed; and tocontraft for the performance of the said works, or any of them, with any person or persons whatsoever, in such manner as the said of shall think fit: and that no person or persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, nor any person or persons to be set to work by and under them, or any of them, shall, for any act done, or to be done, in or about any of the works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any action, indictment, or information, upon the (ta-tute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and apprentices \ or be liable to be sued for any breach of the custom of London, or for any penalties inflicted by any bye-law of the said city.

XII. Provided always, That, previous to the making of any such contract, notice shall be given in same of the daily news papers, that the said of do intend to make such contract, and that all persons willing to engage therein may make proposals to the said of, at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified; and all contracts made, or to be made, in consequence of such notice, shall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works are to be compleated, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the non-performance thereof* and the same shall be signed by the clerk, for the time being, of the said of, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

respectively, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said of.

XIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That No common no person, being a member of the court of common council of council man the said city shall be directly or indire#ly interested or concerned in any contract, which shall be made or entered into by, or on behalf of, the said of, for or concerning any of the said works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this a#, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein, upon pain that every such contract shall be null and void; and that the person, who being a member of the said court, and shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or suit respectively no prote#ion, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be aDowed5 and every person, against whom the said penalty shall be recovered, shall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being ele#ed a member of the said court of common council.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com- General pow-missioners may cause all or any of the said streets, lanes, squares, ers* yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be new paved or

repaired when, and as osten, and in such manner, and with such materials, as the said of shall think fit; and for such purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried, out of, or brought into, the same, or any of them, such gravel, (tones, and other materials, as they shall judge necessary $ and may likewise cause the ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the course of the channels, running in or through the same, to be turned or altered, and the water pipes, which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid, under ground, to be taken up, and new laid in such places, manner, and form, as they the said of shall judge bed; and may cause such posts, as they shall think useless or inconvenient; to be taken up and removed; and likewise all steps, bulks, shew glasses, and shew boards, encroaching upon the footways; as also all' steps and doors, opening or leading from the footways into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, what streets That the said of shall, and they are hereby required, shall be first-in the first place, to pave and enlighten the great streets from PavC(h Temple Bar to Whitechapel Bars; such streets to be paved with the done known by the name of whyn quarry stone, or with rock stone, or with stone of a flat surface.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the bar across a passage for the carriage way on the north side of the cathedral church of carriages to Saint Paul, in the said city of London, and now belonging tobeopenonths tfo 4cm and chapter of the said cathedral church, shall be kept side of

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

foath side U open for the free passage of all horses, coaches, carts, and other repairing. carriages whatsoever, during all such time as the new pavement shall be carrying on and making on the south and eau (ides of the same church in pursuance of this act; and that, when and as soon as such new pavement shall be compleated and made passable, it shall be lawful for the said dean and chapter, and their successors, to (hut the said bar, and at all times then after to keep the same (hut, and the said carriage way stopt, in like manner as the same now is and usually hath been kept (hut and stopped 3 any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Power for re-

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said coin* ting igns, missioners shall and may cause all signs, or other emblems, used to denote the trade, occupation, or calling of any person or personsj sign pods, sign irons, penthouses, mew boards, spouts, and gutters, projecting into any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, and all other encroachments, projections, and annoyances whatsoever, within the said city or liberties, to be taken down and removed 3 and shall cause all signs, or other emblems, as aforesaid, shew boards, and gutters, or such parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houses, (hops, warehouses* or buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to the respective owners, so much of such signs, or other emblems, sign pods, or other pods, sign irons, shew boards, spouts, and gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the alterations directed by this act 5 and that for the future all signs, sign boards, and gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houses, (hops, warehouses, or buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise: and if any person or persons shall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, erect, or build, any sign, sign pod, or other pod, sign iron, penthouse, shew board, spout, gutter, or other projection, obstruction, or annoyance, or cause the same to be done contrary to the directions aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and the further sum of twenty shillings for every day such offence shall continue.

Cranes shall

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, be kept dole That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per-

warthousei sons> to ^ceP any crane or c, ancs already fixed up against any warehouse or warehouses, within the said city or liberties thereof, or to affix any crane or cranes to such warehouse or warehouses/ and to make use of such crane or cranes, so as such crane or cranes be turned and kept clofc to the walls of such warehouse or warehouses, when not in actual use 3 any thing in this act, or any former law, cudom, or datute, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And, for the more speedy removal of sundry nuisances and obdruCijons in the dud city and liberties, it is hereby fiytbejr.enacted,

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 25. 103

enacted, That if after the said twenty fourth day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, any common (rage wag- 3bc l2ee2 m gon, shall, for the purpose of loading or unloading the same, ^ve one or any part thereof, be fuiFered to (land or continue in any of hour, the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages or places, above the space of one hour at any one time 5 or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, shall be placed and fu£-fered to Sand athwart or across any such (Ireet, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other purpose whatsoever; or if any such cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, shall be differed to (land, or continue in any part of any such (Ireets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or it any goods, materials, or things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left in any such street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, so as to obstruct the free passage thereof; then, and in every such case, any one of the of, or any one of their officers, to be by them appointed to remove nuisances, shall and may seize, or cause to be seized, the llage waggon, cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, so placed, or differed to (land or continue, contrary to the true meaning of this act, together with the horse or horses thereunto belonging, or the goods, materials, or things, so laid or placed, and left as aforesaid; and remove the same, pr cause the same to be removed, to the common pound of the said city, commonly called The Greenyard, there to be kept and detained, until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or servants, shall and do claim the same, and pay to the person or persons in whose cu-llody the same shall then be, the sum of twenty shillings, together with the charges of removing and keeping the same: and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said sum of twenty shillings and charges paid, within the space of three days next after such seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, to cause the same to be appraised and fold, and the monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the purposes of this act.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person clause to pre-or persons whatsoever, shall eredtor build, or cause to be erected vent unnecef-or built, any pods, bars, rails, boards, or other thing, by way ^ary we&ions, of enclosure for the purpose of making mortar, or depositing bricks, lime, or other materials for building or repairing any houses, buildings, or other works, within the said city or liberties, in any other manner, or shall differ the same to remain for any longer time, than shall be necessary for such building or repairs, and complaint thereof shall be made to the said of, by any two houlholders of the said city or liberties, and the said of shall upon view, or other due proof of the matter of the said complaint, find the same to be true; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and Jgrthp fifid of to cause such enclosure or erection to

: io*

and (taking lime in the streett.

Lime may be flaked on vacant sites.

Penalty on driving barrow), dec. on the foot pave ment.

Nimet of flreeti to be fnt «p, and

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

be pulled down and removed, and the materials thereof to be deposited in the greenyard aforesaid; there to be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or servants, shall and do pay, to the person or persons in whose custody the same shall be, the charges of pulling down and removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claim* ed, and the said charges pajd within the space of eight days next after such seizure thereof, it shall and may be lawful te and for the said of, to order the lame to be appraised and fold, and the money arising therefrom shall be applied to the purposes of this act.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person or persons whatsoever shall (lake lime in the foot way or carriage way of any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, or in any house or houses within the lame; upon pain that every person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XXII. Provided always, That where any house or houses shall be totally pulled down in order to be rebuilt, it shall be lawful to (lake the lime and make the mortar necessary for such rebuilding, within the premisses so to be rebuilt.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, for the future, carry, run, drive, draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the foot pavements, within the said city or liberties, any bier, or any wheel or wheels, (ledge, wheelbarrow, or other carriage whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any horse, coach, or other carriage whatsoever, upon any part of the said foot pavements; then, and in any of the said cases, and so often as they or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such offence committed, to seize, and also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing, such offender or offenders, and by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some justice of the peace of the said city; and the party or parties accused being brought before him, such justice shall proceed to examine, upon oath, any witness or witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) and if the party or parties accused shall be convicfted of any such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings for the first time of offending; the sum of twenty shillings for the second time of offending; and the sum of forty shillings for the third, ancj every other time of offending.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said of shall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or described, irtftene, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 105

part of one or more house or houses, building or buildings, num-

or near each end, corner, or entrance, of each of the said streets, bere*

lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, the name by which each respective street, lane, square, yard, court,

aDcy, passage, or place, is properly or usually called or known;

and may also cause every house, shop, or warehouse, in each of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be marked or numbered, in such manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same: and if any person or persons shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, pull down, obliterate, or deface, any such names, defenptions, marks,

or numbers, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done; every person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person or Form of the persons shall, without authority from the said of, pavement not alter, or cause to be altered, the form of the pavement of the to be altered, laid streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, which shall be new paved or repaired by the said of, or in any way incroach thereon; upon pain that every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, over and above the expence of relaying and reinstating the same, according to the directions of the said of; the said forfeitures and expences to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in the name of the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, of the said city of London, to be commenced 'within six calendar months next after the commission of such offence; in which action or suit, no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the ex- Pavements to piration of twelve calendar months next after the passing of this be repaired on act, if any two housekeepers within the said city and liberties complaint, shall make complaint in writing, under their hands, to the said of, of any defect or want of repair in any of the pavements of any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, either before or after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this act; then, and in every such case, the said of shall forthwith cause the pavement so complained of to be inspected by their surveyor; and if the same shall, by him, be found de-fective, and so reported to be, to the said of, upon oath (which oath the said of are hereby impowered to administer, unless such defect shall appear to arise from a de-fed in same water pipes lying under such pavement) they the said of shall forthwith give orders to their contradtar or contractors, paviour or paviours, to repair the same: and if the contractor or paviour of the said of, to fthom such order shall be given, shall not, within four days next after Jftereccipttbcreof, repair the said defective pavement} then,

ary&

io 6

Method prescribed for taking up pavements when the water pipes are broken.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c.z6. [1765.

and in every such case, the said contraAor or paviour shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for every day that the said defective pavement shall remain unrepaired after the expiration of the said four days.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and so often as any pipe or pipes* belonging to any of the water companies, who fumish any part of the said city and liberties with water, and which now lie, or shall hereafter be laid, under ground, in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, shall happen to break, burst^ or decay, so as to require reparation, the surveyor of the said commimoners for the time being, or such other person or persons as the said of shall appoint for that purpo&t shall forthwith give, or cause to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the paviour of the water company to whom he apprehends the said pipe or pipes to belong, who is hereby required to take up the said pavement, and open the ground at or near the place where such reparation shall appear to be wanting: and if the said paviour shall, upon taking up such pavement, and opening such ground, discover that the pipe or pipes to broken, burst, or decayed, does not, or do not, belong to the water company whose paviour he is; then, and in every such case, he shall forthwith give, or cause to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the paviour of the company to whom the said pipe or pipes shall appear to belong; in which case, such last mentioned paviour is hereby required, upon demand, to make satisfaction for the taking up such pavement, and opening such ground, to the paviour giving notice as aforesaid; and the paviour of such water company to whom the said pipe or pipes shall belong, is hereby required to cause or procure the said pipe or pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said ground within four days next after such notice to him given; and as soon as such pipe shall have been so repaired, and the ground so filled up, he shall give, or cause to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the paviour or contractor for the time being of the said of: and if the paviour of any of the said water companies, to or for whom such notice shall he given or left at his last place of abode, shall, by the space of four days next after the giving or leaving such notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such pavement, and open such ground; or if, upon discovering that the pipe or pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not, or do not, belong to the company whose paviour he is, he shall refuse or neglect to give immediate notice thereof in writing to the paviour of the company to whom the said pipe or pipes doth or do belong; or if the paviour of the water company to whom such pipe or pipes shall belong, shall, by the space of four days next after such notice given to him, or left at his last place of abode, refuse or neglect to cause or procure such pipe or pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the ground so taken up, or to give such immediate notice of his having so done, to the p*r

?iour

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 107

viour or contractor of the said of for the time being; then, and in every such case, the person or persons so respectively refuting or neglecting shall, for every such offence, (eve-rally forfeit and pay the (urn of five pounds: and i& any pipe or pipes, not belonging to any of the water companies, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, as aforesaid, in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places; then, and in every such case, the respective owner or owners thereof shall forthwith cause the ground over the same to be opened, and such pipe or pipes to be repaired, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk, for the time being, of the said of; or, in case of refusal or neglect to to do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings: and if any pavement shall be broken or taken up, for the purpose of making, repairing, or altering, any vault, or drain, or for any other purpose whatsoever; then, and in every such case, the person or persons so breaking or taking up the said pavement, or causing the same to be so broken or t&en up, shall, as soon as the nature of the work will permit, cause the ground to be filled up, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk, for the time being, of the said of; or in case of refusal or neglect To to do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings: and the said clerk of the said of shall forthwith, upon every such notice, as aforesaid, given to him, or left at his lad place of abode, transmit such notice, or cause the same to be transmitted to the paviour or contractor of the said of for the time being; and if the said clerk shall rtfufe or neglect, by the space of two days next after any such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his lad place of abode, to transmit such notice, or to cause such notice to be transmitted to the said paviour or contractor for the time being of the said of; or if such paviour or contractor, to whom any such notice as aforesaid, shall be so transmitted, shall by the space of two days next after the transmitting of such notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relay and repair the pavement so broken up; then, and in every such case, the per-ibn so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, for every day such pavement mall continue unrelayed or unrepaired, after the expiration of the said two days.

XXVIII v And it is hereby further enacted, That the several pariours of and respective paviours now employed, or hereafter to be cm- the water ploved, by the said water companies respectively, within the companies to find city or liberties thereof, shall, within the space of thirty days next after the passing of this act, or within three days next &c, after they shall be respectively appointed paviours to such company or companies, give notice in writing to the clerk for the time being of the said of, of their respective names and places of abode, and of the name of the respective company. whose paviours they are, and of the respectire.district ta

ioS Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

which they arc appointed: and in like manner, the clerk far the time being of the said of shall, within the respective times aforesaid, give notice to the respective pavioim of the said several water companies, of the names and places of abode of the paviour or paviours, contractor or contractors, for the time being, of the said of; and if any of the said paviours, or the clerk of the said of for the time being, shall neglect to give such notices within the respective times aforesaid, each of them shall, for every such offence, severally forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

Water com-

XXIX. Provided always, and il is hereby further enacted and panics to pay declared, That the charges and expences of relaying the pave-the expence ment, which shall be broken or taken up for the purposes of of new laying repairing or amending any such pipe or pipes, shall be reim-wSm^c pipes buried and paid to the said of, or to such personas are broken, they shall appoint to receive the same, by the clerk or treasurer &c. for the time being of the respective water companies to whom such pipe or pipes shall belong; or if the same shall not belong to any of the said water companies, then by the respective owner or owners thereof; and the charges and expences of relaying the pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the purposes of new making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying, any fewer, drain, or vault, or of making any new or additional grates, or of repairing and altering any old grates, shall be defrayed and paid by and out of some rate or rates, to be made or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of the said act of the twenty second and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second; or by the person or persons who shall take up the said pavement, or any part thereof, or cause the same to be taken up for any of the purposes aforesaid: and if such clerk or treasurer to any of the said water companies, or the respective owner or owners of such pipe or pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such charges and expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same within ten days next after demand thereof in writing, signed by the clerk of the said of, and left at their respective dwelling-houses, or last places of abode, together with a bill to be annexed to such demand, containing an account of such charges and expences; then, and in every such case, the money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said of, of and from the person or persons so liable thereto, by action or actions of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name of the mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, of the said city of London, to be commenced within three calendar months next after such demand respectively; in which action or suit, no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Expence of

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enact-alteration* in ed, That if at any time it shall be found necessary for the pur-tohed? P°^es new Pav*n£» or a*ler*ng the pavement of any or the rayed.^|anesa Iquarcs, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

places, to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter, the position of any of the pipes or plugs, laid down or placed by any of the said water companies, or by any other person or persons whatsoever, the charges attending the same shall be paid out of the monies arising or to arise by virtue of this act.

XXXI. And, for the more easily obtaining of water in cases of fire, it is hereby further enacted, That the several water com- Lift* of the panies, who shall supply any of the inhabitants of the said city

with water, shall from time to time give notice in writing to

the said of, of the names and places of abode of their respective turncocks, distinguishing the distribts to which they respectively belong; and the said of shall year- s ly cause to be printed and distributed through every ward within the said city and liberties, to and amonj^l the several house-holders within the same, a list of the names and places of abode of the several turncocks of the distribt or distribts within which every such ward respectively shall lie.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com- Streets nay missioners shall have full power and authority to cause the said be watered; streets to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and also

to cause any well or wells to be dug and sunk in such places as they shall think proper; and also any pump or pumps, to be and pumps,

erected in or near such places; and also any pumps now standing for the purpose of watering the said streets, or for any other purpose, to be removed or altered; and to defray the expences thereof out of the monies to be raised by virtue of, and for the purposes of this act.

XXXIII. And* for the more effectually cleansing, and keeping clean, and dull holes, the said streets, lanes* squares, yards* courts, alleys* passagts, andplaces* erected.

it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of to cause any number of moveable or fixed dull boxes, dull holes, or conveniencies, wherein dud and ashes, or other filth, may be deposited for the scavengers or rakers, to be erected and placed in such parts of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, as they shall judge neccf-(ary; and all and every the occupier and occupiers of houses or tenements, within the said city and liberties, are hereby required, daily and every day, to cause all their dust, allies, and other filth, to be deposited in the said dust boxes, dust holes, or other conveniencies, or else to keep the same in their respective houses or tenements, with the appurtenances, until the same shall be removed and carried away by the respective rakers, to be in this behalf appointed; and in case any such occupier of any house or tenement, within the said city or liberties, shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, any allies, dust, or other filth, in any part of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, except in some of the dust holes, dust boxes, or other conveniencies, so to be erebled or made as aforesaid; then the person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten millings.

I id Anno sexto Georgii III. c.a [1765.

Foot way* to

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That every ocra-be deanled pier of any house or tenement within the said city and liberties, and (in respect of houses lett to inmates) every house owner shall, once in every day, scrape, sweep, and cleanse, the foot way all along the front of their respective houses or tenements, ' or cause the same to be scraped, swept, and cleansed $ and, in default thereof, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twoshilling8.

Lamps, kc. XXXV. AikI, for the better enlightening the said streets» maybe set up. lines, squares, yards courts, alleys, passages, and places, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, from time to time, to cause suchan6 so many lamps to be set up in such places within the said cityf and the liberties thereof, and to be placed in such manner, and at such distances, as they shall judge necessary j and the said of shall order and direct at what time the lights within the same shall be lighted, and how long they shall continue lighted; and shall, from time to time, give such other orders and directions in the premisses, as they shall think needful, for the well and sufficient enlightening the said city, and the liberties thereof. Penalty on

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any per-wilfrtty, fen or persons shall wilfully take away, break, or throw down, or damage, any lamp that now is, or hereafter shall be, set up for enlightening any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, or wilfully extinguish the light or lights within the same, or damage the irons or other furniture thereof; it shall and maybe lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, who shall fee such offence committed, to seize, as also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing the offender or offenders, and, by authority of this 4dt, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her or them, into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some justice of the peace of the said city; and such justice shall pro* ceed to examine, upon oath, any witness or witnesses, who fhaD appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) and if the party or parties accused shall be convicted of such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or upon such information as aforesaid; he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for each lamp so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every light (b extinguished as aforesaid; and, moreover, shall make full satisfaction to the said of, or to such person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such offender or / offenders shall not, on conviction. pay such forfeiture, and make such satisfaction as aforesaid, such justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the Bridewell of the said city, there to be kept to hard labour, for any space of time not exceeding one calendar month* and such offender or offenders shall

XII

1765O Anno sexto Georgii III. c. aG.

not be discharged before the expiration of the time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, unless such forfeiture and satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any or accidental-person or persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw

down, or damage, any of the said lamps, so set up, or hereafter to be set up, as aforesaid* or the irons, or other furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon demand, make satisfaction for the damage done thereto; then, and in every such case, it Audi and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the peace of the said city, upon complaint to him or them made by one or more credible person or persons, to summon before them the party or parties who shall be complained of for doing such damage as aforesaid; and, upon hearing the allegations and proofs on both (ides, or upon the non-appearance of the party or parties so complained of and summoned, to award such sum or fams of money, by way of satisfaction for such damage, as such justice shall think reasonable; and in case of neglect or refusal of the said party or parties to pay such sum or sums of money so awarded, within three days after demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods or chattles, the surplus (if any) anting by such sale, to be paid to him, her. or them.

XXXVIII. And h is hereby further enacted by the authority Property of aforesaid, That the property of the pavements, which, at the paveraenty&c. time of passing this act, or at any time or times thereafter, shall "the be within the said city or liberties, and all materials and things mayo

used or to be used in or about the making or repairing thereof,

shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the said city; and the said of are hereby authorized and impowered to brine, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or to prefer, or order the preferring of, indictments against any person or persons who shall (leal, take, or tarry away, any or any part of such materials or things: and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil, any of the said materials or things, or any of the works done in pursuance of this act, or any part or parts thereof; every person or persons so offending therein, and being thereof convicted, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for the first time of offending; and the sum of forty shillings for the second and every other time of offending.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commission-said. That all lamps which shall be put out by any person or era to dirtft persons, at his or their own private expence, shall, from and th? PlacjnS of after the commencement of this act, be placed in such manner Private, amPs' as the said of, appointed to put this all in execution, shall direct.

XL, KtA

Rites to be collected half-yearly.

and not to exceed i s. 6 d.

and i s. in the pound.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

XL. And whereas it would be very convenient to the inhabitants of the said city and liberties, if the rates and assessments, necessary for paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, and for preventing annoyances therein, were conlbli-dated and made one joint end general fund, to be collected together; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, one or more rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall, twice in every year or oftener, as the said of shall, from time to time, think fit to order, be made, laid, and assessed, in the several wards of the said city, by the aldermen, or their deputies respectively, and the major part of the common council men of each ward, upon all and every person and persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess or enjoy, #any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within the said several wards, and who, by the laws now in being, are liable to be, and, from time to time, shall be actually rated towards the relief of the poor in die respective parishes where he, she, or they, shall respectively live or reside, for raising such competent sum and sums of money as the said of shall, from time to time judge needful and direct; so as such rates or assessments do not in any one year exceed, in the whole, the sum of one shilling and fix

Eence in the pound of the yearly rents of such of the said lands, ouses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, actually begun to be new paved by virtue and in pursuance of this act; and one shilling in the pound of the yearly rents of such of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, as shall not be so situate; such rates respectively to be from time to time ascertained by the rates at which such respective lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, or hereditaments, shall be, from time to time, assessed towards the land tax.

XLI. And whereas several manufactures, trades, occupations, and callings, necessarily take up and require great room, by reafoq whereof, the persons concerned therein are obliged to pay large rents, and it may be a great and intolerable hard-ship upon such persons to be rated to the full extent of their respective rents, towards the purposes of this act; and whereas it may be reasonable to excuse some persons from the payment of the aforesaid rates and assessments, in the whole or in part, on account of their poverty: for relief therefore, in such cases, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in any of the cases aforesaid, any person or persons may apply to the said of, by petition in writing, setting forth the circumstances of his, her, or their case, giving notice to the alderman of the ward wherein such rate or assessment shall have been made, or his deputy; and such petition shall be taken into consideration

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

by the said of, at their next public meeting, of which the alderman of the ward; or his deputy, shall have especial notice; and if it shall then appear to the said of, upon hearing the said petitioner or petitioners, that the said petitioner or petitioners is or are intitled to relief; it Relief for Audi and may be lawful to and for the said of, and owners of they are hereby Authorized and impowered, to award to the saidarS!: w^ petitioner or petitioners such relief as they the said commission- hou c#>* era shall think just and reasonable.

XLII. Provided always, That if the alderman, of his deputy, Appeal may or the major part of the common council men of such ward, ba made.

shall think such award unjust or unreasonable, or if the party or parties concerned shall think him or herself, or themselves, aggrieved by such award; it shall and may be lawful to and for any of them to appeal from such award to the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city, who shall finally determine whether the said petitioner or petitioners is or are intitled to any and what relief in the premisses.

XLIII. And, in order to ascertain the rates and assessments power to ex* to be made by virtue of this act, be it further enacted by the amine poors authority aforesaid, That the several aldermen of the said city, |*at*> and Or their respective deputies, shall and may, and they are hereby Authorized and impowered, to cause any of the books of assess-tsient of the land tax, within their respective wards, and also any of the books of assessment of the rates towards the relief of the poor, within the respective parishes of the same wards, to be brought before them, and to take copies of such books, or any part thereof, as they shall think fit, without fee or reward: and if any person or persons, in whose custody or power any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said aldermen, or their deputies, with such book or books, or to permit them to take copies thereof as aforesaid; then, and in every such case, every person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XLIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the alderman, Duplicates of or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men the ratea-to for the time being, in each ward within the said city 6r liberties,* n*adei^are hereby required to set down in writing, and (ign two duplicates of the rates and assessments, which they shall, from time to time, make by virtue of this act for the purposes aforesaid, in which shall be expressed the names of the Collectors who shall be appointed to collect the same; one of which duplicates shall, within ten days next after the making thereof, be deposited, by the beadle of the said ward, in the office of the chamberlain of the said city of London, where the same shall remain; and every Citizen of London, liable to be fated by virtue of this act, shall and may have free access thereto at all convenient times, and be permitted to inspect the same without fee or reward.

XLV. And, to the end that the said several rates and afte(T>

Sftents may be fully and compleatly raised and paid for the out-Vot. XXWJ, I

ii4 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

poses aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman, or his deputy, with Ac major part of the common council men of each ward, at the court of wardmote to be holden upon or near the feast day of Saint Thomas the Apostle for the choice of ward officers, to return to the said wardmote the names and places of abode of a competent number of substantial inhabitants of such ward; of whom so many as the said alderman, or his deputy, and the major part of the said common council men, shall think fit and direct, not exceeding half the number of persons so returned, shall be chosen and appointed, at the said wardmote to be col-wf110 ledtors of the rates and assessments, which shall be made in pur-nluMv |Cn* fuance of this act, for one whole year, from the said feast day of Saint Thomas the Apostle to the lame feast day then next following, and fu yearly, and from year to year: and the said collectors for the time being are hereby authorized and required, in the respective wards for which they shall be so chosen collectors, to collect and receive, from time to time, such rates, assessT-ments, and Turns of money, as shall be due and payable by virtue of this act, of and from all persons liable to pay the (amei and all persons who by virtue of this act shall be charged therewith/ or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay fudi rates or assessments unto such respective collectors for the time being accordingly; such collectors, from time to time, giving receipts for the same gratis, if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do upon request: and every such collector, who shall be chosen by virtue of this act, shall, at the wardmote at which he shall he so chosen as aforesaid, or within the space of twenty days then next ensuing, before the alderman of the ward for which he shall be so chosen collector, or his deputy, take and subscribe the following oath; or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe the following solemn affirmation, for the true and faithful execution of the said office.

Their oath. T A.B.do swear (or solemnly affitm) that I will, according to J. the bell of my skill and knowledge, well and truly perform and execute the office of a collector, within the ward of according to the directions and true intent of an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obfthrctions and annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Which oath, or affirmation, shall be administered, without fee or reward, by the alderman of each respective ward for the joL penalty time being, or his deputy: and if any collector, chosen in on refuting to pursuance of this act, (half refuse or neglect to take the said k* oath, or (being one of the persons called Quakers) to make she

feid affirmation, or to take upon himself the said office, or,

after

ii 5

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

ster having taken upon himself the said office, shall refuse or cglect to lerve and execute the same, according to the true itent and meaning of this act; he shall, for every such re-ifal or neglect, forfeit and pay the turn of fifty pounds; and nil, rievertlieless, continue liable to be chosen into the said ffice a gain the year following, or at any other time; and shall e liable to the like penalty, so often as he shall thereupon rfufe or neglect to take upon him and duly to execute the me.

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and T|1

1 often as any person shall refuse or neglect to take upon him death, or such ft said office^ or to execute the same, when chosen, or shall rdufal the ie, or remove out of the ward, in and for which he shall be alderman i chosen and appointed, before he has finished his collection, ^j^rs^unlfc* ton, and in every or any such case, it shall and may be lawful \\^e penalty, rand for the alderman of such ward for the time being, or is deputy, with the major part of the common council men f the said ward, by appointment under their hands and feats, i nominate and appoint some other fit and proper person ithafc such ward, to collect the said rates therein, or such sum id Aims of money as shall remain due and unpaid thereof;

Id if such other person so appointed shall refuse or neglect to fee and subscribe the said oath (or being One of the persons died quakers to make the said affirmation) 6r to serve and exe-itc the said office, then, and in every such lafi mentioned case, my person so refuting or neglecting, shall be liable to the like eftalty of fifty pounds, as if he had been Chosen into the said Bjce at the wardmote as aforesaid.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Persons 'hat nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be con- cmpted. rued to oblige any person or persons to serve the said office of illector, who, by the laws now in being, is or are exempted om serving any ward office.

XLVIII. And whereas many houses in several of the wards of inmates to

said city, are9 by the several landlords or owners thereof lett out pay % hc rates, r lodgings or tenements to divers tenants9 whereby it will be difficult

rate or assess the said tenants in respect of such houses or to never fitch rates and assessments when made; for remedy thereof,

© it enacted, That from and after the said twenty ninth day of tfiember9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, it shall and lay be lawful to and for the alderman of each respective ward, r his deputy, with the major part of the common council men f the said ward, from time to time to rate and assess, in every ich rate and assessment as aforesaid, the owner or owners of U such houses or tenements as shall be so lett to, or occupied y9 two or more tenants, which rate or assessment shall be paid y the occupier or occupiers of any part or parts of such houses r tenements; and such occupier or occupiers of such houses r titodOtents, is and are hereby authorized and required to pay xh such and sums of money as shall be so rated &r affcfiea float the owner or owners thereof, being duly de&anded of

12 tab

n6 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

and deduct such occupier or occupiers, and to deduct the same out of his, the same out her, or their respective rents; and the landlord, or owner or f their rents. owners Gf |uch houses or tenements is and are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments, upon the receipt of the residue of his, her, or their rents; and every such occupier paying such assessment or assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his or her relit, as the said assessment or assessments so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the lame had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom his or her relit shall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the said rate or rates, assessTment or afledments, the same shall be and remain a charge upon the said premisses, and shall and may be recovered of and from the landlord or landlords, owner or owners thereof respecti^fely, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at 1VeJlmmJler> or within the said city, to be commenced and prosecuted by such collector or collectors; in which adioa or fuir, no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Public build-

XLIX. And forasmuch as it is reasonable y that all publick buildings, may bigs (hospitals excepted) and all dead walls and void /paces of be rated at ground, Should be rated and assessed in a due proportion, toward: toe yan/^r <*<UrC paving, cleaning, and enlightening the said city, end the liberties thereof; it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each ward within the said city and liberties, or his deputy, with the major part of his common council men, at his and their discretions, and they are hereby required at such times as the rates and assessments hereby directed to be made shall, from time to time, be made, to rate and assess, towards the purposes of this act, all parish churches, church yards, chapels, and other publick buildings whatsoever, not charged to the land tax, and all void spaces of ground, situate, lying and being within their ward (other than and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London, and the church yards and ground within the iron rails encompassing the said cathedral church) at such rate as the said alderman or his deputy, with the major part of his common council men, shall judge reasonable for every square yard of such churches, church yards, chapels, and publick buildings, and void spaces of ground, and dead not exceeding the rate of four pence per square yard; and also walls at: 6d. to rate and assess all dead walls within their wards, towards the ni^mealliire" PurP0^es aforesaid, at such rate as the said alderman, or his*' deputy, with the major part of his common council men, shall judge reasonable, for every yard, running measure, of such dead walls, not exceeding the rate of six pence per yard; and such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time to time, made upon any parish church, church yard, or chapel, to be paid by their respective church or chapel wardens.

St. Paul's L. And whereas the pavement lying between the fence of the church, &c. church yard belonging to the cathedral church of Saint Paul, in the how to be fog 0(7 of London, and tbf channel of tie several streets and

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c.i$. it]

ways adjoining to and surrounding the said church, contains two thousand two hundred and forty squart yards; and the charge and expence Jf repairing, cleansing, and enlightening the same, is now paid out f the interest and yearly produce of t he surplus money of certain duties m coaly granted by divers acts of parliament, and vejlei in the lord vrcbbi/bop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London* and lord mayor )f the city of London, for the time being; be it hereby further macted, That it shall be lawful to and for the alderman of rjafHe Baynard Ward, or his deputy, with the major part of hit: ommon council men, at his or their discretions, and they are hereby required, when, and at such times as the rates and ifieffinents hereby directed to be made, shall, from time to time, be made, to rate and assess the said cathedral church towards tHb purposes of this act, at such rate as the said alderman or his deputy, with the major part of his common council men,

shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the rate of one shilling and three pence by the year for every square yard of the said pavement now kept in repair out of the interest of such trust monies as aforesaid; and that such rates or assessments so to be from time to time made on the said cathedral church as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lord archbishop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of the said city of London, for the time being, out of the interest and produce of the said surplus money so vested in them upon the trusts and for the purposes aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Wharfs, to no person or persons shall, in respcA of any wharf, or of any warehouse, vault, or cellar, upon any wharf, be rated or assess- two thirds of ed, or be liable to pay, more than two thirds of the rates the rates, or assessments herein before directed to be rated and assessed on lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the several wards of the said city of London; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

"XII. And whereas several meeting-houses within the said city How meeting* and liberties are uninhabited and unoccupiedy except at and during houses, to the times of publick worjbtp, whereby it will be difficult to rate and ajfefs the same towards the purposes of this act, and to recover the rate and assessment thereon when made; for remedy thereof, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time to time, made upon any meeting-house within the said city or liberties, shall and may be demanded of the minister and deaeons, or other person usually officiating the rein; and such minister and deaeons, or other person, is and are hereby required to pay tho same, upon demand, to the colleAor or colleAors of the said rates and assessments for the time being, by whom the same Audi be so demanded: and if such minister, deacon, or other person, of whom such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be so, demanded, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, upon such demand, then* and in every such case, such rate or t.t i I3 ntttj

xiS

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. a6. [1765.

rates, assessment or assessments, shall and may be recovered of and from the person or persons so required to pay the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city; to be commenced and prosecuted in the name or names of the collector or collectors who shall have so demanded the same; in which action or suit no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: and in default of payment of such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, the same shall be and remain a charge upon such meeting-house, and be paid by the landlord or owner thereof respectively; and such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time to time, made upon any publick building, not being an hospital, or upon any dead wall or void space of ground, shall be paid by the respective owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof: and in case the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such void space of ground shall not be known, or cannot be found; then the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be thereon made, shall be advanced by the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being out of the cash of the said city in his hands; and the said ground shall be and remain a security to the said chamberlain and his successors, for repayment of all rates so to be by him advanced.

LIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, within the said city and liberties, shall, at the time of making any of the said rates or assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where such premises shall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, to rate and assesss the said premisses; and in such case, as well as in case the said premisses shall, after the making of such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, one half of such rate or assessment shall be a charge on such premisses respectively, and be paid by the first tenant or occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authorized, to deduct and detain the same out of his or her relit; and the landlord, or owner or owners, of such pre-xnisles, is and are hereby required to allow such deduction and payment, upon the receipt of the residue of his, her, or their respective rents; and the said tenant or occupier shall be, and is hereby, acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or her relit, as the rate or assessment so paid by him or her ihalj amount unto.

LIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That fhftram in case jf any person or persons, who shall be rated or assessed by virtue non-pay. or in purfusmce Of this act, shall, by the space of ten days next after his, her, or their respective rate or rates, assessment o* afleffmeau, shall be dye* end demanded by the collector or collectors

Unoccupied houses, fee how to be fated.

CoileAor to

meat.

11$

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

lectors authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same (such demand being either personally made to the respective person or persons so charged, or left in writing at his, her, or their respective house or houses, or place or places of abode) then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or collectors, every or any of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and leal of any justice of the peace of the said city (which warrant or warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the justice so applied to, is hereby authorized and required to grant) and, with the assistance of a constable, or other peace officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the person or persons so refusing or neglecting shall reside, to enter nit, her, or their house or houses, apartment or apartments, and then and there to distrain his, her, or their goods and chattles; and if the same shall not be replevied, or such rate or assessment pud, within five days next after such dirt refs made, together with the colts and charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such part of the said goods and chattles as shall be sufficient to pay the said rate or assessment, with the tofts and charges attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods or chattles (the said colts and charges to be settled and allowed by the justice who shall have granted such warrant or warrants respectively.)

LV. Provided always, That no such distress shall, by virtue rf distrest fol-of this act, be made out of the limits of the said city and lowed, war-liberties thereof, unless such warrant or warrants respectively shall be first backed or counter-signed by same magistrate of the backe' county, city, or liberty, where such distress is proposed to be madej which warrant or warrants any magistrate, who shall be applied to for that purpose, shall forthwith back or counter-sign, without fee or reward.

LVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Penalty on collector or collectors shall refuse or neglect to apply for such neglect of warrant or warrants as aforesaid, or to make such distress and sale pursuant to the directions of this act, except in cases wa^u>ts. where such distress shall be dispensed with by the alderman, or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men of each respective ward, by writing under their hands, in respeCk of the poverty of the party or parties assessed, such collector or collectors shall, for every such refofal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds: and if any justice of the said city, upon such application to him made for such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to grant the same, such justice shall, for every such refuial or neglect, -forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds: and if any constable, being called - upon by any collector or collectors, having such warrant or warrants, shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist him or them in nuking such distress and sale, he shall, for every such offence, fefftttand pay the (tun of forty shillings.

U

1*0

Agreement betwixt landlord and tenant, not vacated.

Freemen, not paying the rates, incapable of vot-tog.

Persons aggrieved may Appeal,

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [iyfij.

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any contract, covenant, or agreement, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the paving, cleansing, or enlightening, any, or any part of any, of the bid streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the said city and liberties; but that every such landlord who is now, by virtue of any such contract or agreement, obliged to pave, keep in repair, cleanse, or enlighten, any part thereof, shall, in lieu thereof, pay or allow unto his, her, or their respective tenant or tenants, the rate or rates to be rated or assessed on such tenant or tenants respectively, or so much thereof as shall be just and reasonable, according to the true meaning of such contract, covenant, or agreement, for and during such time as such contract, covenant, or agreement, shall remain in force $ and in case any dispute shall arise concerning such contract, covenant, or agreement, the said court of mayor find aldermen lh?Il have power to hear and finally to determine the same.

LVIII. And, for the more effectual enforcing the payment of the said rates and assessments for the purposes aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any freeman of London, liable to pay the said rates and assessments, pr any re-assessments which shall and may be made in cases herein after mentioned, shall have neglected or refused to pay the same, or any part thereof, after such demand as aforesaid; or if any such freeman shall, for or in respect of poverty or inability, have deflred to be excused, and accordingly shall have been excused, from paying any such rate, assessment, or re-assessment; then, and in such case, every such freeman shall be under the same incapacity of voting at elc#ions within the city of London, as any person or persons now is or are, who do not pay their scot or lot to any of the yearly rates and assessments, to which the citizens of London are at this time, or shall hereafter become, liable.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any person or persons who shall think him, or her, -self, or themselves, aggrieved, by any rate or assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, may, within the space or thirty days next after such rate and assessment shall have been demanded as aforesaid, appeal to the said commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such appeal; and the party or parties, so appealing, shall give three days notice, at the least, of the day (o appointed, to the alderman of the ward in which the said assessment shall have been made, or to his deputy: and such notice having been given, the said commissioners shall ^nd may, upon the day io appointed, proceed to hear and determine such appeal, and their determination shall be final$ and no fees shall be paid on the making, hearing, or deter? Wiping, of such appeal.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 121

LX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if the alderman of any ward within the said city of London, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, shall, at any time or times hereafter, in any rates or assessments by them to be made, by virtue Or in pursuance of this act, neglect or omit to rate or assess any person or persons liable to such rates or assessments, or shall neglect or omit to rate or assess any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, within their ward, in proportion to the yearly relit of such lands, tenements, pr hereditaments respectively, as the same shall be ascertained and rated in the rate or assessment towards the land tax 5 then, and in every such case, upon complaint thereof made, by any,

inhabitant of the said city, to the said of, they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to appoint a day for bearing such complaint; and the party or parties complaining shall give three days notice at the lead of the day so appointed, to the alderman of the ward to which such complaint shall relate, or to his deputy; and such notice having been given, the Commission-said of shall and may proceed to hear and deter- to bear; and

mine such complaint; and for that purpose, shall and roay^-"*§0£ summon witnesses before them, and examine such witnesses up- inhabitants, on oath (which oath the said of are hereby authorized and impowered to administerj) and if the said of shall judge the matter of such complaint to be true, they shall make such alterations in the said rate or assessment as shall be just.

LXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every collector Money col-^of the rates and assessments aforesaid shall, from time to time, pay the monies arising therefrom, as he shall receive the same, KambcihS^ to the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being; cfakt, and upon every such payment, the said chamberlain, or one of his clerks, shall, without fee or reward, flgn and give receipts in writing to such collector, expressing his name, the sum paid, and the name of the ward to which the said collector shall belong; and if such collector shall, at any time, keep and retain in his hands, of the monies so to be collected by him, the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, above two days (the chamber of London being, within that time, open to receive the same) then, and so osten, such collector shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings for every day he shall retain the said sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, beyond the said two days.

LXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Collector up-aforesaid, That every collector to be appointed by virtue or in on demand, pursuance of this act, shall, upon three days notice in writing awmmtof all given to, or left for, him at his usual place of abode, by the monies col-alderman of the ward to which such collector shall belong, or lested. jib deputy, to attend the said alderman, or his deputy, at such time and place, within their ward, as he shall appoint; and then |nd there, if required, deliver in to him, upon oath (or if such fpljfdfcr shall be a gnator, then upon his (blemn affirmation.

112

hmkjron

refuCu to ac-couat, or make payment.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 16: f 1765.

which oath or affirmation, such alderman, or deputy, is herdy impowered to administer) a true, exact, and perfect account m writing, under the hand of such callc&or, of all sums of money which he shall then have received by reason of his said office; and also a true lift the names of all persons within his ward, who shall have refilled or neglected to pay his, her, or their Cud rates or assessments, with a true account of the several Turns of money which such persons shall respectively be in arrear, to the intent that the same maybe speedily got in and recovered: and if any collector, after such notice given, shall refuse or neglect to attend, or deliver in his accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the same, or to account for any sum or sums of money by him collected or received, and to pay the same, and every part thereof, as is herein above directed; then, and in every such case, such collector shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay such sum of money as the rates and assessments, which he shall have been entrusted or authorized to collect, shall amount unto, after deducting the amount of the sum or sums by him actually paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being; which forfeiture shall and may be recovered by aCkiovt of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, of the said city; in which action or suit such collector shall be held to special bail, and no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any collector or collectors of the said rates and assessments, shall have in his or their hands any of the said rates or assessments collected by him or them, and shall refuse to account for and pay the same as aforesaid, the alderman of the ward to which such collector or collectors shall belong, is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such collector or collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a summary way; and if, upon the confession of such conector or collectors, or the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such alderman is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to him that any of the monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this act, shall then Jbe in the hands of such collector or collectors, and that he or they refuseth or refule to pay the same according to the true intent and meaning of this act, the said alderman is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of such collector or collectors respectively; and if no goods or chattles of such collector or collectors can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of such distrefi and file* then the said alderman may and (foil

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c.z6. 125

commit such coiledor or collectors Co one of the compters of the fud city, there to be detained and kept without bail or mainprise, until he or they shall pay the same, or such com* petition as the said commissioners mall agree to accept in full, which competition such of are hereby impowered to make.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any col- Collectardjr-lodor or collectors shall happen to die, or to become bankrupt, be* before he or they shall have folly paid and fttisfied all the money by him or them received by virtue of this act, or such liable to

com podt ion for the same as aforesaid; then, and in every such payment} case, the executors or administrator*, executrix or administra«-trix, or other legal representative or representatives of such collector or collectors, or the assignee or assignees of his or their estate and effects, or other person or persons possessing the same, 1

shall, in the first place, out of such estate and efie&s, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being, all such Turns of money as were in the hands of such coiledor or collectors at the time of his or their death, or at the time of filing out any commission of bankruptcy against him or them, or so much thereof as the said estate or effects will extend to pay; and the receipt of the said chamberlain shall be a good discharge for the said money: and every executor or administrator, assignee or assignees, or other person as aforesaid, may, to any action or suit commenced or brought against lum or them, plead or give in evidence the payment of the same; and shall be allowed such payment out of the estate or effects of such coiledor or collectors, prior to any other debt or demand whatsoever: and in case of nonpayment of the same, by the space of one calendar month after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the said ward, or his deputy, to commence and prosecute one or more action or actions for the same, in the name of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, in any of his Mat. jesty's courts of record, against such executors or administrators, assignee or assignees, or other person as aforesaid.

LXV. And, to the intent that /uhftantial but if infoU

and appointed collectors in each ward, it is hereby further enacted, vent, ke. That in case any coiledor or receiver of the said rates and assessments shall become insolvent, or shall embezzle or make away with, detain or misapply, any sum or sums of money so collected by him for the uses aforesaid, so that the same cannot be recovered; or shall die possessed of any sum or sums of money by him or them collected by virtue of this act, and which shall not be paid by his executors or administrators; then, and in the money to overy such calc, such sum and sums of money shall be again be again af-rated and assessed on the inhabitants of the ward for which such person was chosen and appointed collector, by the alderman of mch ward, or his deputy* with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, in such proportion and manner y»the rates arc directed to J>e made by this act} and shall be.c»Y-

Chamberlain to pay all sums of money by order of the com-

tnc*.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

collected, levied, and distrained, in such manner, and under such penalties, as are herein provided for collecting and levying the rates due and payable by this act.

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being shall and may, and he is* hereby authorized and required, out of the w monies collected and paid into the chamber of the said city

missioner^and pursuant to this act, to pay all sums of money which the said to make cn- of shall from time to time draw upon him for, or order him to pay: and the said chamberlain for the time being shall, and he is hereby required, to keep regular and clear entries in a book or books to be for that purpose by him provided and kept, of all and Angular his receipts and payments, on account or in pursuance of this act; to which book or books every citizen of London, liable to the said rates, shall and may have free access at all convenient times, with full liberty to in-sped the same, without fee or reward; and also that the said chamberlain for the time being shall, once in every year, have the said accounts audited and passed by the said of, and shall deliver copies of the said accounts to each house of parliament within twenty days after the opening of every session.

LXVII. And whereas tht contra fts far lighting and deanfeng the said city and liberties are made to the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, but the present rates for defraying the expence thereof are to cease on the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to annul or vacate such contracts.

The present contracts for

tl!e ttre^t^not any t^em> ^ut r^at same continue in force as

vacated.

Commissioners may borrow money on credit of the rates.

if this act had never been made; and the charges and expences, payable in respect of the three last months thereof, shall and may be paid out of the monies to be collected by virtue of this present act,

LXVIII. And) for the more effectually enabling the said eom-\ tnijficners to execute the purposes of this act in the moji expeditious manner, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said. of, and they are hereby impowered from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary for the purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at interest any sum or (urns of money, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the rates or assessments to be made and payable by virtue of this act; and by any writing or writings upon vellum or parchment, signed by them, to assign the said rates or assessments to any such person or persons who shall advance or lend such money thereon, as a security or securities for the several sums so borrowed, with legal or lower interest for the same; which interest shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to arise by or from the said ratea or assessments.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 125

LXIX. And whereas many persons may chuse to advance money ror the purchase of annuities, to be secured upon and payable out of be said rates and assessments, it is hereby further enacted, That 100, 000]. may t shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to be borrowed contribute, advance, and pay, into the hands of the said of, for the purposes of this act, any sum or sums of cent, money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of such persons, being of the age of forty five years, or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such respective contributors, at the time of payment of their respective contribution-monies $ which annuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lelfer sum, to be advanced and paid as aforesaid: all which annuities, so to be purchased, shall be payable and paid, by the said chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to arise by or from the said rates and assessments, by four equal quarterly payments; the first payment to be made to the respective purchasers, or their assigns, at the expiration of the first quarter after payment of their respective purchase-monies; the rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a public sale of the said annuities, by the said of, to the best bidder for the same.

LXX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the clerk Cleric to enter of the said of for the time being shall enter in a^book or books, to be for that purpose provided and kept by the -said of, all securities for monies borrowed, or annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, and all assignments or transfers thereof*, expressing in words at length the names, fumames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of all such persons as shall, from time to time, be intitled to such securities, and the Turns received upon such securities; and also the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of the persons for whose lives the said annuities shall be respectively granted, and the days whereon the said annuities shall reflectively be payable; to which book and books the person and persons intitled to and possessed of such annuities, and all and every the person or persons liable to the payment of the said rates and assessments,

shall, at all seasonable times, have access, with free liberty to infoedt the same, without fee or reward.

LXXL. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and Annuities not every person and persons who shall purchase such annuity or liable to taxes, annuities, and shall duly pay the purchase-monies for the same, at the rates aforesaid, and his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, the respective annuity or annuities so purchased, during the term of the natural life or Jives of the person or persons by them respectively nominated at the time of such

iafi Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

purchase, and shall have good, fare, absolute, and indefeafihic estates and interests in the said annuities respectively, according to the true tenor and meaning of this act 5 and that none of the said annuities shall be subject or liable to any tax assessed upon land by authority of parliament; and every such "purchasef shall, upon payment of his or her purchase-money as aforesaid, have an order on parchment Or vellum for payment of the annuity or annuities so purchased by him or her, for and during the natural life or lives of such person or persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaid; which order shall be sign-cd by the said of, and after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual, in the law, according to the purport and meaning thereof, and of this act.

Securities

LXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and taosfcrrable. iawfuj t and for any person or persons intitled to any

of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, or thein executors, ad* ministrators, or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands respectively, to assign of transfer such securities, by indorsement On the back thereof, to any person or persons whatsoever, and so tttin gneties; and such alignments or transfers, after they shall respectively be etw tered by the clerk of the said of, in manner aforesaid (which he is hereby required to do without fee or reward) shall intitle the person or persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective executors, admU nistrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the security or securities (b assigned or transferred.

Money bor-

LXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and rowed charged every the sum and sums of money so to be advanced and lent, in the rates, and the interest thereof, and all and every the annuity and annuities, so to be purchased, under and by virtue or this act, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to nme, out of the monies arising front the rates and assessments to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the purposea of this act; and all the persons who shall be so possessed of such securities, shall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in respect of the priority of his, her, or their advancing the money thereon.

LXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no person who shall be charged or assessed towards the rates to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall thereafter be liable to, or charged with, any other rates or assessments, made or to be hereafter made by virtue or in pursuance of any former act or acts of parliament, for or towards the paving, cleansing, or enlightening, the said city and liberties, or any part thereof.

LXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the said rates or assessments, made or charged by virtue or in pursuance of any such former act or acts of parliament, which 5 shall

Persons charg cd towards theft rates, not liable to the former)

but

of former rates still recoverable.

127

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

shall be due and, payable, or in arrear, on the/aid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, or any of the remedies, powers, or provisions, given or provided by such former a d or alls respectively, for the colliding, levying, or recovering the same; but all such rates and assessT-xnents, and all arrears thereof respectively, which shall remain or become due and payable on the find twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and all the remedies, powers, and provisions, in and by such former act or acts respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, levying, and recovering, the same respectively, shall continue and be in force; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And whereas U was by the said at1 of the seventeenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, enabled. That if at the expiration of seven yearly it Should be found that any surplus Should have arisen from the monies collected by virtue of the said at1, over and above what Should have been issued and applied in pursuance thereof such surplus monies Should remain in the chamber of He. said city of London, to be applied either in aid of the orphans fund, or in abatement or diminution of future rates and assessments, or to be otherwise disposed of to and for the use and benefit of the citizens of London, as they, by any act of common council, Should dire ft and appoint: and whereas there is, as this time % standing in the name of the chamberlain of the said city, the sum of six thousand pounds three per cent, consolidated bank annuities, which were purchased with or out of the surplus monies collected by virtue of the said last mentioned act, over and above what had been issued and applied in pursuance thereof; and it will tend to expedite the good purposes of this present act, if such bank annuities, and such other surplus as now is, or hereafter may be, in the chamber of London, of the monies collected, or to be collected, by virtue of the said former act, were to be applied towards the carrying on the purposes aforesaid; therefore it is hereby further enacted and declared.

That the said six thousand pounds bank annuities, and all such surplus raw urpluflesas have arisen, or shall or may arise, from the monies maining in solicited, or to be collected, by virtue of the said act of the the chamber seventeenth year of his said late Majesty, and shall, on the said7

twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and'*' sixty six, be remaining in the said chamber of London, over md above what shall then have been issued and applied in pur- to be applied finance of the said last mentioned act, shall and may be applied to this act. towards the purposes of this present act, at such time or times, and in such manner, as the said of shall, from time to time, think fit, order, or direct; and the chamberlain of the said city for the time being shall, immediately after the said twenty fifth day of December, carry the said six thousand pounds bank annuities, and the amount of the surplus of the said monies which shall then be in his hands, to the credit of the account of monies to be collected and paid into the said chamber by virtue or in pursuance of this present act.

12*

Toll* to be taken at the turnpikes here mentioned on Sundays.

The tolls.

The said tolls to be taken above, and exclude-of, all other tolls, and to be vested in the mayor, &c.

and to be levied by di-streft.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. £176$,

LXXVII. And, to the end and intent that the useful pur pores of this act may be the better and more speedily carried in* to execution, and for and towards inoreafing the rund for defraying the charges of the same; it is hereby further enacted, That upon and after the first Sunday next after the passing of this act, there shall be paid to the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, to be nominated and appointed as herein after mentioned, before any cattle or carriages shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the turnpikes here under mentioned, or through any turnpike to be eroded by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament, near the same, viz. The turnpike at Mile End; the turnpike at Bethnal Green; the turnpike at Hackney; the turnpike at Kxngfiand \ the turnpike at BalTs pound, or pond, Islington; the turnpike at Holloway $ the turnpike at the end of Saint John's Street; the turnpike at the end of Goswell Street; and the turnpike on the new road, commonly called The City Road; all which turnpikes are in the county of Middlesex\ the following tolls; viz.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by fix or more horses, the sum of ten pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn, by four horses, the sum of eight pence.

For every coach; chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carnage, drawn by three or two horses, the sum of six pence.

And for every chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by one horse, the sum of threepence.

For every horse, mule, or ass, not drawing, the sum of one penny.

Which said respective sums of money shall and maybe demand- cd and taken for and in the name of a street toll, over and above, and exclusive of, all other tolls which are or shall be authorized to be taken and collected upon or on account of the.roads, or any of them; and the monies arising therefrom shall be, and are nereby vetted in the said mayor, commonalty, and citizens, and shall be disposed of for the purposes of this act: and the said of are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any person or persons by them thereto authorized, to levy the toll, hereby required to be paid, upon any person or persons who shall, after demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any passage through the said turnpikes respectively, until payment therets; which said toll shall and may be levied by distress of any horse or horses, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this act im-> posed, or upon any of the goods and chattles of such person or persons who ought to pay the same; and all such horses, cattily or goods, may be detained until such toll, with the reasonable charges of such dittross, shall be paid: and it shall and may be lawful

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 129

for the person or persons so distraining, after the space of"ay

lys from the time of making and taking such distress, to after

; horse or horses, cattle, goods, or chattles, so distrained, ys* ing to the owner or owners thereof the overplus upon de-after satisfaction of the said toll, and the reasonable charges about making such distress, keeping, and sale, shall be aid and satisfied.

KVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Commission-'id. That it shall and may be lawful for the said commit- ers may erect, if they shall think proper, at any time or times during turnpikes, &c* itinuance of this act, to cause to be erected any turnpike pikes, at or near all or any of the respective places afore-ned, for the purposes of collectine the several and respectIs hereby made payable; and also cause to be erected or; d a toll-house at or near each turnpike; and, from time r, to remove or alter the same as they the said commis-shall think expedient: and the right and property of all npikes and toll-houses to be, from time to time, erected Turnpikes, wided by virtue of this act, and the right and property &c* veiled in materials provided for building or repairing the same, the ay°r»&c, 5, and are hereby, vetted in the mayor, commonalty, izens; and they are hereby impowered to bring, or cause rought, any action or actions in the name of the corpo-and to prefer, or order the preferring of indidhnents any person or persons who shall injure the same, or any ereof, or ditturb them in the poflettion thereof, or take in, or hold poflettion thereof, after being required by or the of to deliver up the same.

K1X. Provided always, and it is hereby further en- Tolls assy be nd declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the collected at and respective receivers or collectors, and other persons, ppointed by virtue of this act, to receive and collect the y e tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby autho-nd impowered, for the purposes of this act, without the indrance, or molestation, of any person or persons what-to make use of all or any of the gates, turnpikes, and uses, already erected, or hereafter to be erected or con-by virtue or any act or acts of parliament, at or near the and respective places whereat any toll is hereby autho-o be taken; so as such respective receivers, collectors, x persons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the trans-of any business or purpose, for which such turnpikes and uses were respectively erected or provided.

KX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That Street tdls bn or persons shall be liable to pay the said streettoll to be paid but ban once for patting or repassing, any time or times on ne Sunday as aforesaid, with the same cattle and carriage; it all and every person and persons, after having paid such X as aforesaid, shall, during the remainder of such day,

U-frae, with respect to the said street toll, with the same pdcOTiages, through the gate or turnpike at which any

130 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

such toll was paid, and also through all other gates and turnpikes whereat the said tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a note or ticket denoting the payment of such tolls which notes or tickets the collectors of the said tolls are hereby required to give gratis on receipt of such tolls.

Commission*

LXXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said ers may lease, of may, and they are hereby impowered, upon ten &c. the tolls. days notice being given in the London Gazette, to lease or farm, by the year, the tolls by this act granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any person or persons, at or for the larged yearly sums that can be got for the same; provided that such lettings or agreements be made in writing, and fiened by the person or persons taking or farming any such tolls, and by the hid of letting the same, and be not made for more than three years at a time; and that the money that shall be b agreed to be paid for the said tolls, shall be made payable, and shall be paid, to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, by quarterly payments; and that the person or persons to whom the same shall be so lett, shall always pay one quarter's pav in advance; and if any letting or agreement for letting the said tolls, or any part or parts thereof, shall be made, and any default shall be made in paying the money agreed to be

J>aid, contrary to the true meaning of this act, then every such etting and agreement shall be void, and the person or persons to whom the said tolls shall be lett, shall be liable to account for the same, and to have the same levied and recovered upon and of him or them, in the same manner as is by this act directed for the accounting for the said tolls by the collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same upon and of them.

afed appoint^LXXXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the autho-officert, rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, at any time or times, by any writing or writings, under their hands and seals, to nominate and appoint such person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said respective toils, as they shall think fit; and all persons by this act made liable to pay the said tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the same to such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, as aforesaid; and sill such receivers and collectors shall respectively pay the same into the office of the chamberlain of the said city, in like manner, and under the like regulations and restrictions, as are herein before expressed of and concerning the collecting and paying the who are to ac* rotes and assessments aforesaid; and shall also upon oath, if count upon thereunto required by the said of constituted by this

oatiu aft (which oath the said of are hereby authorized

and impowered to administer) from time to time give unto the said Commissioners, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, a true, exact, and perfect account in Writing, under their respective hands, of all monies which they, and every, or any of them, shall to such time have received by z virtue

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 131

virtue of this act: and if any such receiver or collector shall notO*11* refus* make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon oath any suchc" account, or to make payment as aforesaid, then, or in either of en-

such cases, it shall be lawful to or for one or more justice or quire into the justices of the peace, and such justice or justices, upon com- default, plaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and required to make enquiry concerning such default, as well by confession of the party, as by the testimony of any credible wit-ncfc or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, without fee or reward)$ and if any such receiver or collector shall and commit be convicted of any or either of the offences aforesaid, such ju- the offenders dice or justices shall commit every such offender to the common unt, l WJPP1*: ounty gaol, without bail or mainprize, until he shall give or ^c^itl0a make a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said of confuted by this act, and shall have paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint; which composition the said of are hereby impowered to make 5 and the said com- Commission-missioners shall and may, out of the monies arising by the said ers to allow tolls, or other wise make such allowance unto their receivers and officers (ala-mlleftors, and all other persons to be employed by or under the said of in the execution of this act, for their care md pains in their respective offices, as the said of shall think fit and reasonable.

LXXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any per- penalty on bn or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any norse, forcibly pafT-Deast, or carriage, through any turnpike whereat any toll is, by through virtue of this act, to be paid, without paying such toll, or pro-&c# luring a note or ticket as aforesaid at such turnpike, or shall cnowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstruct, any or Sther of the collectors or persons employed in the collecting or eceiving any or either 01 the said tolls, or any otherwise, in the execution of his or their respective office or offices of re-teiver or collector; or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall and on giving leliver to, or receive from, any other person or persons, any note or receiving >r ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of any or either tickets, to.

of the said tolls, or any part thereof 5 every person lb offend- ment°of Sfr

ng shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of tolls.

ortv shillings, over and besides such damages and puniftunents

is they and every of them respectively shall be liable to bylaw;

ind it shall and may be lawful to and for the said receivers or

rolleftors, and for every of them, and all other persons required

>y them to assist in that respect, to seize any horse or hories,

attic, or goods, belonging to, or in the possession, or under the

are of, any person or persons so offending in the premises,

ind to take such offenders before any justice of the peace, and

jefore him to make complaint of such offence or offences; and

iich justice may, and is hereby required to enquire into the

pipe, as well by examination of the party or parties, as by the

rtimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath (which

13. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer without fee or reward) and if the said justice shall fee cause, to convict the party or parties complained of in the penalty aforesaid; and for nonpayment thereof, and of the tolls that shall be due (though the same shall not be demanded) by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said horseor horses, cattle, or goodsj to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties, and the charges of seizing and keeping the same, and of such Tale, rendering the overplus, if any there shall be, to the owner or owners or the said horse or horses, cattle or goods, or to the person or persons under whose care, or in whose possession, they respectively were when so seized as aforesaid 5 and if no such seizure as aforesaid can or shall be made, then the aforesaid penalties and tolls shall be levied and recovered by such means, and applied in such manner, as herein after mentioned. TolUmaybe

LXXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it (hiH farmed. and may be lawful to and for the of of any of the said turnpikes for the time being, or for any three or more of the commissioners of each of the said turnpikes, at any of their public meetings, to treat and agree with the of con* (touted by this act, for the taking or farming any of the said tolls.

ToUs may be

LXXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said of may, and they are hereby impowered, to borrow an(* ta^e UP at interest, any sum or Aims of money upon the 1*credit of the tolls, payable by virtue of this act; and to aflipi

over the same, or any part thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, the charges of such assignments and conveyances to be paid out of such tolls respectively, to any person or persons who shall advance or lend their money thereon, as a security or securities for the several Turns which shall be borrowed, and the interest thereof, as aforesaid: and copies of all Assignments such assignments and conveyances shall be entered in a book or to be entered books to be kept for that purpose, by the clerk for the time be-b°0k' ing comm, ffi°ners» an<* an<* evc, 7 person and per-

ml^be^mmf* fons, to whom such assignments shall be made, are hereby im-Jpritd.*powered from time to time, to ash&n and transfer their right and interest by indorsement on the back of their securities, in like manner and form, as the securities for the monies borrowed on the rates and assessments to be made and levied by virtue of this z&y are above directed to be assigned and transferred*and all such assignments and transfers shall be produced, noticed, and entered, in like manner as is above described, with respect to the producing notification, and entry, of the assignments and transfers of the securities for such rates and aflat merits; and it shall not be in the power of any person who shall have made any assignment or transfer of their securities on the said tolls, to make void or discharge the same, or any money due thereon; and no person or persons advancing any Turns of money on the credit of the said tolls, shall be intitled to any preference with respect to the priority of advapeing any such

sum

1765O Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 133

sum or sums; but all persons to whom any mortgages or af- AH creditors figments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be creditors in equal degree one with another, in proportion to the sums therein^mentioned.

LXXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Monies defied monies to be raised by virtue of this a H, shall be, and the same in the mayor, are hereby verted in the said mayor, and commonalty, and citi-c- and applt-zcns of the said city; and shall be applied to the purposes ofed to this* this all, and to and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enact- charges of ed? That the charges and expences of procuring and parting pairing this" this act, shall be paid out of the first monies which shall be raised aft, howto be by virtue thereof P^d.

LXXXVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, by writings to the authority aforesaid, That no nomination, contrail, bond, be without warrant, judgement, or other writing whatsoever, under the hand stamps. and seal, or hands and seals, of, or only signed by, any commissioner or of constituted by this all, or any justice or justices of the peace, or exhibited before any of them, or under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of, or only signed by, any other person or persons whatsoever, relating to the execution of this all, shall be chargeable with any duty whatsoever.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority p

aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this all imposea, features " (the manner of recovering and levying whereof is not hereby how to be re-otherwise particularly diredei) shall be recovered and levied by covered and distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattles, by warrant aPPf, cd* under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the city or place where the offence shall be committed, or the offender found; which warrant such justice or justices are hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon information of one or more credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) and the penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whose goods and chattles shall be so distrained and fold (the charges of such distress and sale being first dedulled) shall be paid to the chamberlain of the said dty for the time being, and be applied the one half to the informer, and the other half towards the purposes of this act; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any such justice or justices, to commit such offender to any prison of the cit^or place within his or their jurisdiHion, without bail or mainprise, for any space of time not exceeding: hirty days, nor less than ten days.

XfcT And it is hereby further enacted, That no proceedings Proceedings to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders not to be igainst this aH, or any order made, or other matter or thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the execution of this want

K3

nor remove* able by Certiorari.

Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

Treble coRs.

Act 22 & aj Car. a.

a Will. & Mar

& to, 17, & 33 Geo. 2. in part repealed.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1765.

ad, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster\ any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, until twenty one clear days notice shall be thereof given in writing to the clerk for the time being of the of conflicted by this act, or after sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after the fad committed, for which such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought; and every such action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the city or county where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in such actions or suits, and every of them, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the matter or thing for which such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such action or suit was brought before twenty one clear days notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid; then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or actions, suit or suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of i such action or actions; or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cods, in any other cases by law.

XCII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That immediately after the several authorities, powers, and provisions, herein before given, granted, established, declared, and provided, shall commence and take effect respectively, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said city, and the liberties thereof, and the other purposes of this act, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof; so much of the said act made in the twenty second and twenty third years of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, and of the said act made in second year of the reign of their late majesties King William.and Queen Mary, as relates to the paving and cleansing the (Ireets in the said city of London, and to the preventing of nufances and obstructions within the same; and so much of the said act. made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King. 1 George the Second, as relates to the paving the said (Ireets;

175*I Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 27. r35

and the said act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and all the powers, pro-vssions, clauses, and matters, therein contained; and so much of the said act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the re* pairing and relaying such pavement in the said city, as shall be damaged by the breaking up of the same to amend or relay any water pipes; shall be, and the same is and are respectively Hereby, repealed and made void.

XCIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority publick act. aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without spedally pleading the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual the powers of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for widening certain streets, lanes, and passages, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for opening certain new streets and ways within the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the thirty p^ie, re third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the citing j Second, intituled An act for widening certain streets, lanes, and Geo. 1. passages, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for opening certain new streets and ways within the fame$ and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is enacted, That the*mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, shall have power and authority, not only to widen and render more convenient such and so many of the several streets, lanesi and passages, mentioned and described in a schedule to the said act annexed, intituled, First Schedule, in manner in the said schedule particularly mentioned, but also to design, make, open, and lay out, fiub new streets, ways, and passages, in the parts and places particularly mentioned and described in another schedule to the said act also annexed, intituled, Second Schedule, in manner in such secondfche-dule mentioned: and whereas the several streets, lanes, and passages, by the said act intended to be widened and rendered more convenient, are mentioned and described in a schedule to the said act annexed, intituled, Second Schedule, to which the act refers, and the manner

of widening and rendering the same more convenient, is particularly mentioned in such second schedule: and whereas the parts and places wherein the several new streets, ways, and pojfates, are, by the said

aft, intended to be designed, made, opened, and laid out, are particularly mentioned and described in a schedule to the said act also annexed, intituled, First Schedule, to which the act refers, and the monster of designing, making, opening, and laying out the same, is jbmin mentioned; and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said

K 4 ftkedules

136 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 2l.

[1765.

Schedules ate well and Sufficiently referred to by the feud ai!; and, in

consequence thereof \ whether the powers by the said act intended /»

be vejled in the mayor, aldermen, commons, of the said city of

London, in common council assembled, $r /« a committee to be by them appointed, for enabling the mayor, aldermen, ovd commons, 0/

said city, in common council assembled\ to effeB the purposes aforesaid, are, £7 said act, well and sufficiently vejled in the mayor, tftirr-commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, or in a committee to be by them appointed; £7 reason whereof the further proftcution of a design so useful and beneficial to the publick, where* in a cotifuierable progress bath been already t made at the peril and rifyut of the persons concerned therein, is greatly interrupted, and, if m adequate remedy be not applied, may be wholly laid aside: now, to obviate all doubts in the premitres, and to enable the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, to effect the said purposes of the said act, according to the true intent and meaning thereof5 may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and qonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the 1 Mayor, al- same. That from and after the passing of this act, the mayor, clermen, and aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common commons, in council assembled, shall have, and shall be deemed to have, wun^dalfcm- Power an<fauthority to design, make, open, and lay out new bled, im- streets, ways, and pastages, in the parts and places particularly powered to mentioned and described in a schedule to the said recited act an-make the im- nexed, intituled, First Schedule, to which the act refers, in man-mentimied^n ncrin such schedule mentioned; and also to widen and render the two sche- more convenient the several streets, lanes, and pastages, parti-dules annexed larly mentioned and described in another schedule to the said to the recited^ recited act also annexed, intituled. Second Schedule, to which the a'aft refers, in manner in such second schedule mentioned.

Provisiont of H. And be it further enacted, That the several provisions, former act, powers, and authorities, of the said recited act, which respect relating to cither the designing, making, opening, or laying out, any new n/wstreets,rcels> ways, or pastages, o\ the widening or rendering more &c. extended convenient any streets, lanes, and pastages, not hereby altered to this. or repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to enable the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, to efTeft the purposes aforesaid.

No advantage And be it further enacted, That from and after the

to be taken of passing of this act, no advantage shall be taken of any mistake any defect in or defect in the said recited act, touching any thing in, or in the former act. reference to the schedules thereunto annexed, in any court of law or equity, by any person whatsoever, against the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, their committees, agents, workmen, officers, servants, or persons acting by or under their authority, or any other person whatsoever.

V. And vfhereas in and by the said recited act, the court of mayon

*37

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 27:

tnd aldermen of the said city, are impowered and authorized to issue ertain warrants and precepts, and to proceed thereon in manner therein expressed, and to do several other acts: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the powers and authorities thereby vested in the tmert of mayor and aldermen of the said city, may be lawfully exer-ifed by the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city to be holden in the outer chamber of the Guildhall of the said city, according to the custom of the city: and whereas it would greatly facilitate the execution of the said act, if the said last mentioned court had all the Powers and authorities by the said act vested in the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the said court Powers vetted of mayor and aldermen of the said city, to be holden in the >n the court outer chamber of tht Guildhall of the said city, according to aldermen0 the custom of the said city, shall be, and are hereby impowered be holden in and authorized to issue all such warrants or precepts as aforesaid, the outer l&d to proceed thereon as aforesaid, and to do all other alts which chamber of the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city might lawfully lhc aty* do by virtue of the said recited act and of this act, subject ne-jertheless to the alterations, restrictions, and provisions, herein contained.

V. And whereas the prpvifms of the said recited act have been found to be defective, in cases where persons seised or possessed of, or interested, or claiming any interest in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, necessary to be purchased for the purposes of the said act, have not produced and evinced a clear title to their respective interests by them claimed, to the satisfaction of the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, or of the person or persons by them authorized or appointed, according to the directions of the said act: now for remedy in the premises, and to provide for the speedy decision of all controversies touching the title to any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act,

when and as often as in any of the cases above mentioned a the value of jury shall be impanelled, returned, and sworn, according to the land, See. directions of the said recited act, such jury shall esquire of and assess the value of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and the proportionable value of the respective estate and interest of any person claiming any estate or interest therein, or in any part thereof; and the court of mayor and aldermen shall thereupon give judgement, that the sum or sums of money so to be aflellea be the value of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of such estates or estate, interests or interest; and the verdict and judgement as aforesaid (notice having been duly given according to the directions of the said recited act) shall be. binding and conclusive as to value, as well against the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, as against every other person, bodies politick and corporate whatsoever; and it shall be lawful Purchase rao-for the court of mayor and aldermen, to order the sum so to be W ^fiefled as and for the value of such lands, tenements, and he- jS^enameof jpdittments, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name the accompt-

ij$ Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 27. [1765.

and with the privity of the accomptant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, describing them, subject to the order, controul, and disposition, of the said court of chancery; which said court of chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such Aim, by motion or petition, shall be, and is hereby impowered, in a summary way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said court shall Teem meet, to order distribution thereof according to the respective estates or estate, title, or interest, of the person or persons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to, such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the said court, and according to the value thereof, afiefted as aforesaid; and to make such other order in the premisses, as to the said court shall seem just and tea-sonable.

Premisses

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, thereupon That immediately from and after such verdict, judgement, and vested in the order, of the said court of mayor and aldermen, and payment mayor, &c. into the bank as aforesaid, all the estate, right, title, inteteftj use, trust, property, claim, and demand, in law or equity, as well of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, as of all and every person, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of, such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall vest in the mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, of the said city of London; and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual feiiin and possession thereof, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas the provision made in and by the said recited at?, for preventing the fatal effects of fire within the said city and liberties, hath not been found sufficient to answer the purposes thereby Party walls, intended, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

within the ci- all party walls which, from and after the expiration of three Lo*T* ca^en^ar months next after the passing of this act, shall be erect-d'on^to be* or huilt within the said city, or liberties thereof, shall be two built at here bricks and an half thick, at least, in the cellar story; and two directed. bricks thick upwards to the top above the tiling; and to rife nine inches at least above the tiling of the roof; and that the same shall be built of stone, or of good, (bund, hard, well burnt bricks, and none other: and also, that from and after the expiration of the said three calendar months, no fort of linthaling, bond timber, or any other timbers whatsoever, except the timbers of the roof, the girders, and templets not mpre than three feet in length under the ends of the said girders, the ends of trimmers, and the ends of joists, shall be laid into the party walls, that may be crested or built within the said city and liberties; and tlift the ends of girders, ends of trimmers, and the ends of joists, lying within such party walls, shall not exceed one foot5 and that none of the ends of the girders, trimmers, or ends of joists, in adjoining houses, shall m«ct, or be laid opposite to each other j

and

-a

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 2 f.

*39

that the fides thereof shall be at lead nine inches distant n each other; and that in case the ends of joists shall happen ie in the party walls, then, instead of timber linthaling, scant-I of Portland done, nine inches wide and five inches thick,

1 be laid in the party walls upon which the ends of the joids I red: and if any person or persons shall offend in the pre-fcs, he, she, or they, shall forfeit for every such offence, the 1 of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs of suit, by any Ton who will sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, nformation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West-fiery or within the said city, in which action, no essoin, proion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be wed; one moiety of such forfeiture, when recovered, to be i and delivered to the treasurer of Christ Hospital, to be em-ycd towards the relief of the poor children to be brought and maintained in the said hospital, and the other moiety reof to the person who shall sue for the lame. mi. And be it further enacted, That all and every thepowmof vers, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, contained in the mer aft, so I recited act, shall, so far as they, or any of them, are appli- fara? are >le to this present act, be extended to, and be in full force, tcmlldtothisl I executed as well for the purposes of this act, as of the said mer act, as amply and effectually as if the same were in and this act expressly re-enacted, and declared to take effect and in force.

!X, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Proceedings didl, judgement, or other proceeding, under or by virtue of q^s&edlbr s act, shall be quashed, vacated, or dUcharged, for want of 0fforms

"ertiorariy or other- or removeable

L, YJ action shall be Limitation

night, or suit commenced against any person or persons, for a&loas. f thing done in pursuance of this act, in relation to the pre-fles, or any of them, such action or suit shall be laid or brought thin six calendar months next after the fadldone, and shallhe d or brought in the city of London, and not elsewhere: and 5 defendant or defendants in such action may plead the ge- Gcnc*al KTue. ral issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evince at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was ne in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the ne shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or t shall not be brought within the time before limited, or shall brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then t jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the untiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discon-luance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict all pals against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the said defendant or fendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy Treble colli, r recovering the lame as any defendant or defendants hatn have for cods in other cases by law.

by Certiorari.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 28. [1765.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick alt, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought Jilks and velvets^ for a limited time\ and for preventing unlawful combination* of workmen employed in the silk mono* failure.

WHEREAS great quantities of foreign wrought fills and velvets are daily brought into and fold in Great Britain, to the prejudice of the fill manufacture of theft kingdoms: for redress whereof, it is expedient that the importation of such goods into Great Britain, and the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, Should be prohibited for a limited time; be It therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with Ac advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the From and af- authority of the same, That from and after the fourteenth day 1766, no^ 7une> one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, no foreign foreign wrought silks or velvets shall be imported or brought into wrought silks Great Britain, or the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark % or Matt) upon pain of being seized and forfeited, and upon the on pen^wof further penalty of one hundred pounds of lawful money of formture^and Great Britain, to be paid by the importer thereof, for each piece 100 lj or remnant so imported, together with costs of suit.

nor may any H* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

such be sold, from and after the said fourteenth day of June> one thousand or exposed to seven hundred and sixty six, no mercer, haberdasher, upholder, sale, exchang- mantua-maker, milliner, taylor, or other person or persons or worked up, whatsoever, shall vend, utter, fell, or Expose to sale, or ex-(not being im-change, barter, truck, or otherwise dispose of, any foreign ported before wrought silk or velvet, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manu-the said time) fedured, in foreign parts, and which shall not have been imported before the fourteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, or few, work, or make up, the same, for, in, or upon, any garment, or wearing apparel or furniture what-on penalty of soever; upon pain that all and every such foreign wrought silk forfeiture or velvet, garment or garments, or furniture, or other work thereof, &c. made thereof, so fold, or exposed to sale, exchanged, bartered, trueked, or disposed of, or sewed, worked, or made up, for, in, or upon, any garment, or wearing apparel or furniture, or other work, and the garment, wearing apparel, furniture, or other materials, in, with, or upon which the same shall be so sewed, wrought, or made up, shall be seized and forfeited; and all and every person and persons who shall vend, utter, fell, or expose to sale, exchange, barter, truck, or dispose of, or knowingly few, work, or make up, or cause or procure to be sewed, wrought, or made up, for, io, or upon, any garment, or wearing

140

[Publick act.]

[Preamble.]

*4i

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 28.

ing apparel or furniture, or other work, any such foreign wrought silk or velvet, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured, in foreign parts, and not imported before the said fourteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

fir, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great, together with costs of suit.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The said That all foreign wrought silk or velvet, or other work made good* may be thereof, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured, in foreign 'e'"e<* parts, which after the said fourteenth day of, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, shall be imported into this kingdom, or into Jersey, Guernsey, Sari, or Man, whether- the same shall be mixed with, sewed on, or made up

with, any other goods or materials, or otherwise, and the apparel, garment, or furniture, or other materials, in, with, or upon, which the same shall be mixed, sewed, or made up, may be seized, and, after condemnation, shall be forfeited; and the and the vend-nercer, haberdasher, upholder, mantua-maker, milliner, taylor, ^'FC: l°_<. > or other dealer in, or vender or maker up of any of the said g*heftme nanafactures, in whose house, warehouse, custody, or possession, shall be found: he same shall be found and seized, being thereof convicted, hall, for every piece or remnant of such foreign silk or velvet, w other work made thereof, that shall be seized and found a his, her, or their house, (hop, warehouse, custody, or possession, as aforesaid, and which shall have been brought, placed, ar continued there, with his, her, or their knowledge, privity, arconsent, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds of lawful J00k money of Great Britain, together with costs of suit.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Seizure to be That forthwith after the seizure of any such foreign wrought deposited in silks or velvets, or other works made thereof as aforesaid, or°"e°fthe as soon after as conveniently may be, the same shall be sent ware" to, and deposited in one of the King's warehouses belonging '

to the custom-house at London; and all and every such foreign an(j to be free wrought silks and velvets may, from time to time, be viewed to inspection; and inspected by any person or persons on behalf of the prosecutor or prosecutors, or of the person or persons interested in, or claiming the said silks and velvets; and the commissioners of his Majesty's customs are hereby required to make and give sufficient orders, from time to time, for that purpose; M1jtobepub. and after condemnation thereof, in due course of the law, alliickly fol*and every such silks and velvets shall be publickly sold to the after con. bed advantage for exportation by the candle; and one moiety°^Lto of the produce or money arising by the sale of such silks or^ velvets, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-portatioa; ceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the officer or officers who shall seize and secure the same; and no such foreign wrought silks or velvets shall be consumed or used in this kingdom, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Man, hot shall -be exported again to some port or place beyond the

142 Anno sexto Georgii III. c.a8. [1765.

seas, and shall not be sold otherwise than on condition to be for which fe- exported as aforesaid 5 and such silks and velvets shall not be curity is to be delivered out of the warehouse or place wherein the same shall deliver^of the ^avc been lecurc^? until sufficient security be first given to the goodie^ of*King's majesty, his heirs, and successors, which the commission-the ware- ers of his Majesty's customs are hereby impowered and ie-house. quired to take, that the same and every part thereof shall be exported as aforesaid, and not landed again in any part of Greet Certificate to Britain, or Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, SarJt, or Man \ which be returned of securities shall be discharged without fee or reward, upon cer-tien^o^pr^f l^cate returned under the common seal of the chief magistrate made of the in any place or places beyond the seas, or under the hands and goods being seals of two known English merchants at such place, that the taken, or h^v- goods were there landed, or upon proof by two credible per-aUcT* Cd ^ns ^at gooc*8 were ^ten by enemies, or perished in the seas, the examination and proof thereof being hereby left to the judgement of the said commissionersj which commissioners are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to call upon the person or persons who have entered into such security, otherwise the to produce such certificate, or proof as aforesaid; and in default of producing such certificate, or proof to the satisfaction of the suit. P fa>d commimoners, such securities to be put in suit and prosecuted, by order of the said of, against the person or persons who shall so make default, in such manner as offences of the like kind are sued or prosecuted by any law or Statute of this realm.

Recovery and application of the penalties and iorfei-tores.

Officer neglecting to prosecute for any pecuniary penalty,

any other person may sue for and re*

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, by this act imposed, shall and may be sued for and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's coons of record at Westminster3 or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, or in the royal courts of Jersey and Guernsey, or in any courts to be holden in his Majesty's name, or by virtue of his authority, in the Isle of Man, respectively, where the offence shall be committed, together with costs of suit, in the name of his Majesty's attorney general, or in the name of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of some officer or officers of the customs; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that one moiety of every fqph penalty and forfeiture shall be to the use of the King's majesty, his heirs, and successors; and the other moiety thereof, to such person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if kny officer or officers of the customs shall neglect or resute, for the space of one month after the condemnation of such goods, to prosecute to effect any person or persons for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture by this act in Aided upon offenders against the same; that then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever to sue for, prosecute, and recover, the respective pecuniary penalties or forfeitures by this

ad

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 28. 143

9 maided, in like manner as is herein before directed with cover the jgard to the officers of the customs; and one moiety of the same* ad respective forfeitures, when recovered, shall, in such case, pad be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-essors; and the other moiety, to the person or persons who U1 fee or prosecute for the same respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wh^re/.t.^ie, Tint if any such foreign wrought iilks or velvets shall |focd by virtue and in pursuance of this act, and any doubt or pr^Ved by the a' shall arise where the same were manufactured, the owner, &c.

jnof shall lie upon the owner or claimer of such goods, or the be manu-

en prosecuted for being guilty of an offence again! this act, Britain not upon the prosecutor or prosecutors, plaintiff or plain- the court*j and in case no proof shall be given and fully made to the shall deem " of the court where such suit or prosecution shall bethe of that such silks or velvets were manufactured in f Britain, then the same shall, without any farther probe taken and held to have been manufactured out of Britain, and contrary to, and in violation of, this act; flaw, ulage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding. llL Provided always, That nothing in this act contained The wearer extend, or be connrued to extend, to inflid any penalty l fee wearer of such foreign wrought silk or velvet, or other fumtoire k made thereof, or the owner of any furniture made there- made thereof, jf; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any not liable to (wise notwithstanding. forfeit.

kjX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Costs to beat-fat upon every action, bill, plaint, or information, entered, l°w<^ in all td, and prosecuted, for any pecuniary penalty imposed by this I, costs Hull be allowed, and attend the event of such suit or hfecuuonon either side; for which the parties shall have the It mnedy as in other cases where costs are allowed to plain-j|kor defendants.

1 And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Proof, whet* ft* m every suit or prosecution for recovery of the pecuniarythe good*

( ferities imposed by this act, the proof where the goods were9fefeaftured shall lie upon the person prosecuted, and not ue on the fen the prosecutor; and in case the goods, on account of person prole* Mi fern suit or prosecution shall be commenced; shallcuted* mc bccn condemned in course of law, when such suit or pro- Judgement of I feabOQ for the pecuniary penalty is brought to trial, the judge- condemnation.fettof fcch condemnation shall be admitted and allowed to K00*1* ktfeta a evidence, that such goods, so seized and condemned, emirtethe°

I feK pot manufactured^in Great Britain, so as to intitle the prosecutor to pfeff or prosecutor, in such suit or prosecution, to recover recover. fejBukici and forfeitures by this act imposed; and the proof jfefe judgement or condemnation to be made, given, and: P*d» in such and the like manner, as proof of judgeooents 2?f of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminjitr, in other afeally made, given, and allowed, in any of the said md not otherwise; any law, ulage, or custom, to the I «P»yiWiriihstanding.

I XI, And

144 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 28- [1765.

Commence-

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tinuance* ^at this act shall commence and take place from and after the thUafb*0 fourteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty six; and shall continue and be in force for the space of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

Limitation of XU* Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, actions. That all informations, bills, actions, and suits, that shall be had, brought, commenced, sued, or exhibited, for any forfeiture or offence committed against this act, shall and may be had, brought, commenced, (ueJ, and exhibited, within twelve calendar months after the discovery of such offence; and, in case of feifure and condemnation, within six calendar months after judgement of condemnation shall be obtained thereon.

Certain goods

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the not within the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extent of this extend, or be construed to extend, to any wrought silk or velvet* which shall be manutaftured in, and imported from, the Eafi

/ Indies*) or to any silk crapes, or tifsanies, of themauufacture of Italy.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued or prosecuted for any thing done in pursuance of this act, he or they may plead General issue. the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to have been 10 done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the de-Treble costs, fondant or defendants shall have treble costs, for which they shall have the like remedy, as defendants have in other cases by law where costs are allowed to defendants.

Recital of

XV. And whereas by an all made in the twelfth year of his i^ Geo^re- madefiy King George the First, intituled An act to prevent unlaw-fating to1 the" fai combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manu-wooiten ma- fastures, and for better payment of their wages; there is eon* imfasture. t(lined a clause, whereby it is enabled, That if any person or persons shall, by day or by night, break into any house or /hop, or inter by force into anyuhouse or /hop, with intent to cut or defray any firge, or other woollen goods, in the loom, or any tools employed in the making thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or defray any such forges, or woollen goods, in the loom, or on the rack 5 or shall burn, cut, or deforoy, any rack, on which any such serges, or other woollen goods, are hanged in order to dry; or shall wilfully and maliciously break or ie/lroy any tools used in the making any such forges, or other woollen goods, not having the consent of the owner foo to do, every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, Aall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fluffer death, as in cases of feieny, without benefit of elergyand whims it is ntussary and

expo*

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 29. 145

tpodient that the provision contained in the clauft Should The provi-

rnded to the silk manufacture of this kingdom; be it therefore fions in the nacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per- recited clause ms shall, by day or by night, break into any house or (hop, or Sefflk mami* liter by force into any house or (hop, with intent to cut or de- fasturc.

: roy any velvet, wrought silk, or silk mixed with any other and offenders

iSterials, or other (ilk manufacture, in the loom, or any warpr*L, ul'|e^, to

r (hute, tools, tackle, or utensils; or shall wilfully and malici- jj"1

ufly cut or destroy any velvet, wrought lilk, or silk mixed with felony, with-

ny other materials, or other silk manufacture, in the loom, or out benefit of

ny warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utensils, prepared or em- clergy.

iloyed in or for the making thereof j or shall wilfully and ma-

iciously break or destroy any tools, tackle, or utensils, used in

ir for the weaving or making any such velvet, wrought silks,

ir silks mixed with any other materials, or other silk goods, or

ilk manufacture, not having the content of the owner so to

lo; every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall

te adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death, as in cases

if felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXIX.

<tn abb, to prevent the fraudulent marking of frame-work*<

knitted pieces, and Jlockings.

WHEREAS persons employed in the frame-work knitted manufactures, do often mark their goods to denote the same is be made with a greater number of threads than such manufactures ure really made of.\to the great imposition of the and discredit

jfthe said manufactures at foreign markets: therefore, to prevent die like impontions and deceits for the future, may it please tour Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of, one thou- Prom and af-and seven hundred and sixty six, all frame-work knitted pieces, ter4 Jjjne* and dockings made of thread, cotton, worsted, or yarn, or of framework my mixture of all or any of the said materials, or of any ma- knitted pieces terials of any other kind or nature whatsoever (except such as and dockings shall be made of silk only) which shall contain three or more threads, shall be marked with the same number of ilet-holes, and no more, as there are threads contained in each piece co, tt;, ar pair of such goods and manufactures; and such ilet-holes three or more shall be made in a plain and distinct manner in one direct line, threads ara »r in the same course, and shall not exceed the distance of three to be narked nches from the two extream ilet-holes; and no such ilet-holes of"*

ball be made or placed within the distance of four inches of jiet-holesj and my letter, figure, mark, or other device, which shall be put or no more, 'in proven in any such goods or manufactures; and-all such ilqt-^manner ttero bales shall be made within four inches of the top or end of nay such piece or pair of such goods and manufactures; and bat bo ilet-hole, or imitation thereof, shall be made or put in Vo u.XXVII. L asw

>46

Anno sexto GsoRGH 1IL C. 29; [1765.

any frame-work knitted piece or pair of (lockings upon any account or pretence whatsoever, except as herein before directed by this act.

Provision with

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex-ftiped to tb« tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any manufacturers of ftoctog* ^rom remnants* or materials of any fort, in the welts and* tops of (lockings only, at any distance not exceeding three inches from the top although the same shall not contain so great a number of threads as are contained in the legs of such.(lockings.

Matters, tec.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

tnil markinz That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-their gcKnls,land seven hundred and sixty six, if any matter frame-work in manner knitter or matter holier, or any other person, shall make or above direct- work, or shall cause or procure to be made or wrought, any frame-work knitted goods or manufactures of any of the materials aforesaid, or any mixture thereof (except such as shall be made of (ilk only) without being duly and truly marked in the manner before directed; every such mailer frame-work knitter, or matter-hosier, or other person so offending, and being thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, shall respectively forfeit 5K and forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every piece of such the goods. frame-work knitted goods, or pair of (lockings, so made, or caused or procured to be made, which shall not be duty and truly marked according to the directions of this act; and (hill also forfeit and lose all such frame-work knitted pieces and dockings.

Journeymen,

IV. Provided always, That the penalty of five pounds herein &c. not mak- before mentioned, shall not be construed to extend to any journeyman, apprentice, servant, or person, not making such account, ex-. g°°^s or manufactures on his own account, eepted$'V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

who are liable That if any journeyman, apprentice, servant, or other person, t9 forfeit not employed in making any frame-work knitted manufactures, not' at t'mc ma^e any frame-work knitted

nw than or pajr of stockings, duly and truly mark every such piece

and pair according to the directions of this act, and the true intent and meaning thereof; every such journeyman, apprentice, servant, or other person, so offending, and being thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, shall respectively forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, nor less than five shillings, for each and every piece of framework knitted goods, or pair of (lockings, which every such journeyman, apprentice, servant, or other person, shall respectively make, and shall not mark in manner before directed. unless they

VI. Provided always, That if any journeyman, apprentice, make it ap- or servant, or other person, employed in making any frame-they work knitted manufactures, shall make it appear, to the satis-ingCt6athedi* fa&i°n of the justice before whom he shall be brought, that troion of their such frame-work knitted pieces, or (lockings, so by him unduly matter* 5 iQ marked, was so marked by direction of his matter, or the per*

foa

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 29. 14?

f whom he was employed; that then, and in every such which case jeh journeyman, apprentice, or servant, or other person, c*"

>e exempted from any penalty or forfeiture for such p

5.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From^m from and after the twenty fifth day of Marche one thou- ter5 March, wen hundred and sixty eight, if any frame-work knitter,76*, persons or other person, shall fell, or expose to sale, any frame- to

cnitted piece, or pair of (lockings, made of all or any of fa]e any such )resaid materials, or of any mixture thereof (except such goods not be- be made of silk only) which shall not be duly and truly ing duly and* d in manner herein before directed; every such hosier, j

her person, so offending, and being thereof convicted in pjccc>* x herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the sum of r >unds for every frame-work knitted piece, and for every'(lockings, so fold, or exposed to sale, which shall not be id truly marked according to the directions of this act$ an"eP°wl all also forfeit and lose all such frame-work knitted pieces, ckings, so by him fold, or exposed to sale.

L Provided always, and be it further enacted by the except they ity aforesaid, That if, at any time after the twenty fifth discover the March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, any behalf be* shall be prosecuted by virtue of this act, for felling, or convicted, and ig to sale, any frame-work knitted goods or manufactures* become liable mall not be duly and truly marked according to the di- to thepeniltyi 3 of this act, and shall discover the vender or feller f, so as such vender or feller shall be convicted, and be-liable to the penalties and forfeitures laid and inflicted t aft; then, and not otherwise, the person so prosecuted ing or exposing such frame-work knitted goods or manu-s to sale, shall be, and is hereby discharged from any in which case / or forfeiture laid or inflicted by this act; any thing in cx"

t to the contrary notwithstanding. empt

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Method of it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or conviction, s of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town;

: e, where any offence shall be committed against this act,

□(lice not being a frame-work knitter, hosier, or a pro-

1 of frames made use of in the weaving or frame-work

I goods or manufactures, to convict the party or parties

ing, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or

fes (which oath such justice or justices are hereby im-

zd and required to administer) and, upon such con- and recovery

1, in case such penalties or forfeitures shall not be of the penalty.

ith paid, to ifiiie a warrant or warrants under his or their

ind seal, or hands and seals, to levy and recover the said

ive penalties and forfeitures by distress and sale of the

ers goods and chattles, rendering the overplus (if any

hall be) after deducting the charges of such distress and p

0 the owner or owners thereof; and in case no goods distrSTthe ittlcs of the party or parties so offending can be found, offenders to bt La OT

*4. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 29.

[176$.

or there shall not be goods or chattles sufficient to pay such pe-j nalties and forfeitures, any one or more of such justices of the peace shall, upon proof thereof made upon oath (which oath he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) before him or them, by the person or persons who shall have the execution of such warrant or warrants, commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, unless such penalties and forfeitures shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and all penal-AppUcaHonof ties anj forfeitures aforesaid shall go and be applied, one the penalties, to the use of the informer or informers, and the other

moiety to the use of the poor of the parish, town, or place, where such offence shall have been committed.

Persons ag- X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-grieved may rity aforesaid, That if any person shall think himself or herself appeal to the aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this act, such per-guarter fef- son may appeal to the justices of the peace, at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place

wherein the cause of complaint shall arise; such appellant giving ten days notice in writing of his or her intention of bringing such appeal, to such justice or justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted; and, within two days after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or place, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned, to try such appeal at such quarter sessions; and the said justices, at the said sessions, upon due proof of such notice given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said whose deter- ju*ccs shall think proper; and the determination of such quar-mination dull ter sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all in* be final. tents and purposes.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any act ion or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead General ifibe. the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant or de-TreWe costs ^nc*ant$ shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

Rtftnrvatkm of

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-rights to the thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed, deem-

edt

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 149

A, or taken to extend* to abridge or take away any rights or Aane-work jnikges which the mailer, wardens, and assistants, of theknirte"cm' inpany of frame-work knitters for the time being now have, pmD3r* ext inti tied unto.

CAP. XXX.

An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing 'if the militia of that part of Great Britain tailed England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and 'fir explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, fe-wal acts of parliament passed in the fecund, fourth and Jjfib years of the reign of his present Majesty, relating to tie raising and training the militia within that part of 4>fttt Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand

[? pounds has been granted to his Majesty, for defraying the l|r if the toy and cloathing fur the militia, for one year, from the ftyjiftb day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six:

' r therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for such may be duly and properly defrayed and satisfied; be it _ by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-Ih, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authori-'ithe same, That in every county, riding, or place, within Where the part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is1* "

Ball be raised, the receiver or receivers general of the land j^erwWer ef such county, riding or place respectively, shall ifiuc and general of the the whole sums required, in the manner, and for the feve- county is to herein after-mentioned 5 that is to say. For the pay of'^ue*montha militia for four calendar months in advance, at the shillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is ap- ing to the 1; and at the rate of one shilling for each serjeant, withestablishment lirion of two shillings and six pence a week for each fer- of P*r h*1* major, where a serjeant major is appointed; and at thefct downi six pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of a day for each drum major, where a drum major is i and aho at the rate of six pence a month for each an and drummer, for defraying the contingent ex-of each regiment, battalion, and independant company ida, one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the expences or each raiment, battalion, or independant r, during the time of the mens being from home, upon of their annual exercise; and also for half a year's (ala- with half a the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia belong- fa*r

such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds I and also for the respective allowances to the clerk ofbattalion aval meetings, and clerks of the several subdivision meet-dei-kt* side rates toDowing) that it to Ay, To the clerk of the*nAtt'*

t - J uitntotw

S general c\erk& of vbe

*5<?

ge.ieral and subdivision meetings j

and pay for cloathing of the militia.

The above sums are not to be paid, if pay has not before been issued, till the Id. lieut. or deputies shall have certified to the treasury and receivers general the mrolment

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1765.

general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the subdivision meetings, at the rate of one pound one shilling for each meeting; and tlfo for the cloathing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings for each serjeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for each serjeant major, and each drum major; and with respect to the private militia men, where the militia hath been embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten shillings for each private man.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay shall be issued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, any three deputy lieutenants, of any such county, riding, or place, shall have certified to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and to the receiver general of the land tax, that three fifths of the number of private militia men of such county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that three fifths of the proportion of their commission officers have accepted their commissions, and entered their qualifications as by law required, of 3 fifths of the men and officers.

The money is

III. And be it enacted, That all such Turns of money afort-to be paid by said, except such as shall be due to the several clerks of the the receiver- meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be due on ac-Serk of the*CDunt of cloathing, shall, where the militia has never been cm-regiment or bodied, be paid by the said receiver or receivers general of the battalion land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments (epceptthe1- or battalions of militia belonging to such county, riding, or the clerto of P*acc> upon his or their producing his or their warrant or war-the meetings) rants of appointment to such office, under the hand and Teal of upon produc- his Majesty's lieutenant for such respective county, riding, or tv spi* and where the militia has been embodied, into the hands aurpobumnt t*lc c^erIc or clerIw of the regiments or battalions, upon his ppaumne, ^|bdr producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and Teal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion respectively, notwithstanding such militia and for indt- shall have been disembodied; and where the militia shall be pendant com- formed into an independant company, or independant compa-«foeaivethC n^es? ^umfi as aforefr^ be paid by the said receiver or captains, or to receivers general of the land tax, intp the hands of the respective their order $ captain of each independant company of militia, or to such person as such respective captain shall authorize to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which such regiment or regiments* battalion or battalions, independant company or independant according to companies, shall have been appointed to confifi, according to the establish- the establishment laid down in an act passed in the second year of

Sihithe the rc, SP his Pr^cnt Majesty, intituled An act to expl*in % ia act of amfnd) andr/ducf iqfg W.qfif parliawofit> tbt fivtrrf Iwi ww* Geo. 7 in

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. jgi

in beings relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and such receiver or re- -ceivers general of the land tax shall also, within fourteen days a second pay-after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time mentis also to of the said first payment, make a tecond payment for four ca- be made with-lendar months in advance; and shall also, within fourteen days Ttefirst after the expiration of the three calendar months from the time2 cr*of the said second payment, make a third payment for four calendar amj a months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the within three militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion months after clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before men- the feColl<b tioned; and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such captain of an independant company, or captains of independant Receipts of companies, or of such person or persons as such captain or cap-homthemo£ tains shall so authorize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall, Cy shall be so be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers general of paid, dif. the land tax forjthe several Turns of money so by him or them charge the repaid. "j «cnc-

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums t*| of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendar talion clerks month's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or bat- are to pay in talion respectively; and to the captaip or commanding officer of advance one of each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two JS°the adm-months pay in advance for the serjeants, drummers, and the tint; and* contingent expences of his respective company; out of which months pay to laid contingent money each captain shall pay to the command- each captaining officer of each regiment or battalion one penny a month for drum-each private man and drummer, for the defraying the expences mers, andcon-of the hospital; and also to the commanding officer of the com- tingent ex-pany to which the serjeant major and drum major shall belong, pence* of the two months pay in advance for such serjeant and drum major; capta^to oa* and so from time to time so long as any money on that account fbf each man* shall remain in his hands: which pay every such captain or id. per month commanding officer is hereby required to distribute to each per- outoftheeon-lon belonging to his company, by this act intitled to receive the &me, as it shall become due; and shall, once in every year, ch, gesWof the-give in to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which such hospital; and Company shall belong, or, if captain of an independant company, for the serjeant #to the receiver general, an account of the several payments he "iaioran.d shall have made in pursuance of this act according to the following form: the commanding officer of the company to which they belong: captains to distribute the pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the clerk, or receiver general if an independant company, according to the following form.

County

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30.

County of Dr. Fir Contra

[1765.

Cr.

To cash received of Mr.' regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the > atfi fludl be, (or two months pay in ad vance

5J

fiajor (if I any) J for

of-J

1

from 1

01} drummer y in the of f of fol- f

Paidserjeant for

days pay from the of to the following —

Ditto as serjeant major (if one in the company)

Paid serjeant for

days pay from the of to the following Paid drummer days at six pence, the of to the of following

Ditto as drum major (if 1 one in the company) J

Paid drummer

days from the to the lowing

Two months contingencies y for men and two I

drummers, at six pence f

per month each--- -J

and pay back And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver general, the furplas as the case shall be, the surplus (if any) of the money by him monies in his from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands xceF* (except the money by this act allowed for contingent expences) cx^ces"*111 which shall once in every year be accounted for by the captain which is to be of each company respectively, in manner aforesaid, and theba-accounted for, lance thereof shall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk of and applied to tjje regiment or battalion to which such company shall belong, ufec^thVre- topphed to the general use of the said regiment or battalion, giment, fire* as the field officers and captains thereof, or the greater part of Captains of them, shall direct; and the captain of each independant com-iudependant pany js hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to the his company intitled thereto, such moneyas he shall receive by pay to their virtue of this act; and the said money allowed for the contin-men, and ap- gent expences of each independant company of militia, shall be Pjv money respectively applied to the particular use of such independant contingent company, by the captain thereof.

expences. V. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion Cterktoretain clerk may and shall retain to his own use out of the money so money in his by him received, such further sums as shall complete the allow-hands for his ance herein before made for his salary.

wh A°d b* it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's

beun?orde- l*eulcnanti or any l^rt; c or more deputy lieutenants of any puties shall county, riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise have fixed the for the militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the days of exer- same to the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, they are to specity ng the number of men, and the number of days such certify the men are to he absent from home on account of such exercise*same to the and such receiver general is hereby required, within fourteen ^tcr the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 153

dcrk of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of feyeiithe number of shillings and six pence per day for the captain of each company, JJ^be* and at the rate of three shillings and six pence per day for each abfoit from lieutenant, and of three shillings per day for each eniign; and home, also at the rate of one shilling per day for each private militia Receiver go-man, with the addition of six pence per day for each corporal of thereu° n the militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of ^yrfofficers days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account and men to of such exercise; and in such counties where there shall be inde- the regimental pendant companies only, the receiver general of each such respective county shall issue and pay to the captains of the inde- (hal^be independant companies, at the rate of seven shillings and six pence pendant com-per day for each captain, three shillings and six pence per day panics only, for each lieutenant, and three shillings per day for each ensign; and also at the rate of one shilling per day for each private mi- J£ue p^y\0 litia man, with the addition of six pence per day for each cor- the captains, poral of the militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the num- accordingt© ber of days such officers and men shall be absent from home rhc i*te on account of such exercise; and the said regimental or battalion wn* clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay the proportion ofovertf^m<£ pay belonging to each captain of the said regiments or battalions, ney to thC rathe proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewise spective cap-the pay belonging to their respective companies. t*1*-

VII. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each Captains to company shall make up an account of all monies received and make up their paid by him on account of such exercise, according to the account ac-following form: S£S?, he

form j

County of Dr. Per Contra Cr.

To cafii received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the cast Jhaubt % for days pay of men

I

Paid militia men days

Paid additional pay to corporals days -

Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and counter- to be signed finned by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, by them, and within ten days after the time of such exercise, deliver such countersigntd account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the re- sanding offi-gimental or battalion clerk 5 or, if captain of an independant Geo. and decompany, to the receiver general: and such accounts shall be livered with allowed as sufficient vouchers in the passing of the accounts of balance, to

such receiver general, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or recriver

general. Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any During the regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or time the shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, and there- troops are by the officers and private militia men are or shall be intitled t°c^iccl,n* the same pay as the officers and private men in his Majesty's ^ether regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re- vice, and re-'covers general of land tax for the county, riding, or place, to ceivepay m V which1*

-54

ether forces, all pay and allowances from the receivers general it to cease.

Receivers general to pay

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1765.

which such regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia; and also the allowance to the clerk of such regiment or battalion; shall, during such time of actual service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independant company, shall be disembodied, and return home by order of their commanding officers, cease and not be paid.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his

allowance, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each general meet- mcct*n& upon his.producing an order or orders for that pur-sngs, and to pose from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants assembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the clerks of the subdivision meetings their several allowances, at the rate of one pound one shilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders shall be to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, a sufficient discharge for the payment of such allowances, and be allowed in his or their account.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, shall give security to the receiver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to which such clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in him reposed; which said bond shall

to the clerks of the subdivision meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant or dep. lieutenants.

Orders to discharge receivers general.

Regimental and battalion clerks to give security for paying and accounting^for the monies received by them;

the bonds to

bt lodged with lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the

genenT'amd lanc*lax ^or respe^ve county, riding, or place, who, in case putinafuitby the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not duly perforin the them on non- conditions comprized in the said bond, shall, and is hereby reperformance quired, forthwith to put the said bond in suit in the name of his Son i C°n^ Majesty, his heirs, and successors; the full costs and charges of and they are which suit, in case judgement shall be given against such regi-intitled there- mental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said re-upon to full ceiver or receivers general of the land tax, who shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their own use, at the rate of five pounds per centum out of all such monies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the residue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue; the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next account of the land tax to be by him or them passed.

XI. And be it enacted, That the clerk of every regiment or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant cothf

Costs and charges, and 51, per cent, of the money recovered i

the reiki ue to )>e accounted for to the auditor.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 155

pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the tafion clerks, part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty fifth q"fnSJ2n"f day of March and the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand Compa-seven hundred and sixty six, deliver to the receiver or receivers nies, are to

funeral of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which deliver in ac-uch regiment, battalion, or independant company shall belong, a fair account in writing, of all monies by him received and Si^rfe^11 disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in pursuance of ments, this act, with proper vouchers for the same; and shall pay back and pav over to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, any fur- i*1* to plus of such monies that shall then be in his hands; which said accounts signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, or by such>ho are to captain of an independant company respectively, shall be trans- transmit the mi tted by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue. Offi(£.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, Reco* of all costs and charges of suit, and all Turns of money, for which penalties, See, any person or persons is or are by this a# madeanswerable, x may, and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, wager of law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee ortfofoepay-gratuity whatsoever, shall be given or paid for or upon account able for any of any warrant or sura of money which shall be issued in relation warrant or to, or in pursuance of, this act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any personfuanccotthU being on half-pay, and serving in the militia, shall and may, aft. and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the subsistence- Officers on money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieutenants, !*alf: pay fervor ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence-mo-ney by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not be receive the* deemed a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to pre- subsistence-vent such person on half-pay receiving his half-pay; and such money pay-person shall take the following oath before some justice of peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same;* cn'

they taking the following oath before a justice.

I A.B. do swear, That I had not, between the The oath.

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, 'beftdes my allowance of half-pay as a reduced in late regiment of save and except my sub-

Jistence as a lieutenant or ensign, as the case may be, for serving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such pinion to receive his half-pay, without taking any other oath $ any law, ulage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, within f That the oopmanding officers of every, regiment, battalion, or days after ex-

*5« Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1765.

a return is to independant company of militia, which shall be raised and bc^mad^fc^r ^trained pursuant to the law« now in force, shall, and they are ing officer, to' hereby respectively required, from time to time, within thirty one of the days after the exercising of every such regiment, battalion, or secretaries of inaependant company, shall be finished, pursuant to the di-of the ffi rc&ions of the laws now in being in that respect, transmit to and men en"one his Majesty's principal secretaries of (late a compleat rerolied, and turn, signed by every such commanding officer, of the several fenring at the officers, non-commi ffioned officers, and private men, who were UCk a^ualty inrolled, and did (ierve, in every such regiment, bat-cx*talion, or independant company, at the time the lame were so exercised as aforesaid, in manner and form following:

Return of a Regiment of Militia at Annual Exercise.

Commissioned Officers Staff Officer Non Com in i Atoned Officers Private

V I J 4# c c c U c n c c 5 i.- Jj o«s V n c. T9 J s H c V J % H. d it - V U J stilus 1 +* a rt a5* < 1 Serjeants M ft E 2. tr 8 c £ £ a u O v ft s 35 cm

Present Absent Wanting so 1 compleat j

XVI. And whereas it sometimes happens, that persons engaged to serve in the militia, for a certain time, do enlist in his Maujlfs regularforces, whereby the regiment, into which they enlist themselves, is defrauded of the enlijling money, and other inconveniencies ensue; to prevent the same more effectually for the future, be it there-Militia man°rc enacted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June* enlisting into one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, any militia man en-any of the lifting himself into any of his Majesty's other forces shall, over King's other an(j above any penalty or punishment to which such militia man c^mpieatings now bable, be deemed to be legally enlisted; and shall, from his time or the day in which his engagement to serve in the militia shall ferrice in the end, belong, as a soldier, to such corps of his Majesty's other militia, is to forccg into which he shall have enlisted during the time that he ditt^n^he*01" was engaged to serve in the said militia; and shall, till regularly cerprinto discharged, tie liable to all the duties of a soldier, and to all the which been- pains and penalties inflicted by the act for puniftung mutiny and MoA1.-defer*

lS7

i 765.I Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30.

desertion, and the better payment of the army and its quarters.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Receiver ge-That the receiver general of the lana tax, so soon as he shall ne.r^ °P°n receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding officer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying the commanding receipt of the cloathing, and an order from the said colonel or officer, cem-commanding officer for the money due on account of the tame, fying repayable to the person or persons who furnished the said doath- wtd

ing, shall pay the sum mentioned in such order to the person^order for intitled to receive the same; and such warrant and order, to-payment, is to gether with the receipt of the person receiving the said money, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general. accordingly.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any regi-That in case any regiment, battalion, or independant company, "t* shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this act,

the sum of three shillings per diem shall be paid to such person bepaid to as has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalion, adjutant from or independant company, from the time such regiment, batta- such rime to lion, or independant company shall cease, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven. 7 7*

XIX. And whereas by an act made in the second year of his pre- Recital of sent Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and re- clauses in aft duce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being* Geo. 3. relating to the raising and training the militia, within that part

of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That in all counties and places where the militia shall not have been raised in pursuance of the former acts relating thereto, and where it Should not be raised in pursuance of the said act* the sum of fivefounds Should be annually paid* in lieu of every private man to be raised within the same; and his Majesty's lieutenant of every such county, riding* or place* or three or more deputy lieutenants* at the expiration of every year in which such militia Should not have been raised^ from and after faffing the said act, Should* from year to year9 certify the same in writing under his or their bands* and also the whole amount of the several sums of five pounds per man, to be raised on such county* to the iujlices at at their general quarter fijftons next held after the end of the said year; and that the said ju/lices Should thereupon forthwith rate and ajfefs on such county* riding, or place* the sums mentioned in such certificate \ the same to be ajftjfed* collected* levied, paid, and accounted for, in the Jame manner* in all respects, as the county rates are* by an act of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, or any other act or acts of parliament, to be rated* assessed* collected* levied* paid* and accounted for; and that the said rates Should be paid by the treasurer of such county to the receiver general thereof* whose receipt Should be a sufficient discharge for such payment: and whereas by another act made in the fourth Act 4, Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled An act to explain and amend an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain* amend* and reduce into one act of parliament* the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of

And aft c Gc&>

So much of the recited acts, at di-rests certificates to be made by the lieutenants, dep. lieuts. or derks of

'Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. [1765.

Great Britain called England; it is enacted, That where the militia had not been raised, or Should not be raised, for any county or riding within which any city, or town* or place, shall not be rated to the county rate, the said payment of five pounds per man upon the whole number of private men, to be directed to be raised within any county or riding, Should be apportioned between such county, city, town, or place, in the proportion their respective quota's paid to the land tax bear to each other: and that the sums so apportioned Should be paid out Of the poors rate collected within such city, town, or place, in manner prejertbed by the said aSls of the second year of his said Majesty's tetgn, by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, to the treasurer of the county, who is to pay over the same to the receiver general thereof, together with the proportion of the said sum of five pounds per man, to be paid by such county, riding, or place: and whereas by another ad shade in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That the lieutenants of every county, riding, or place, wherein the militia Should not have been raised, or Should not continue to be raised, in pursuance of the several acts for raising and training the militia, Should certify under their hands yearly, to the justices at their general quarter session: to beheld next after the second Tuesday in May in each year, that the militia had not been raised for such county or place the preceding year, and the whoU amount of the several sums of five pounds per man, to be raised on such county or place \ and in that case, of the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant in parts beyond the fcas, three or more deputy lieutenants Should be appointed to certify as aforesaid', and if there Should be no lieutenant, then three or more deputy lieutenants to be appointed by his Majesty's sign manual, Should be authorized to proceed in the execution of the said acts; and in case his Majesty's lieutenant flsould be beyond the seas, and no deputy lieutenants Should be appointed to certify as aforesaid, then the clerk of the peace for each county, riding, or place, Should make such certificate as aforesaid; and the said at1 contains several directions for enforcing the payment of the said five pounds per man, by such counties or places where the militia have not been raised, or shall not continue to be raised, in pursuance of the said acts: and whereas the said several acts have been found defective and ineffectual, and, notwithstanding the direction therein, several of the counties, within that part of Great Britain called England, have neither raised any militia, nor paid the said five pounds per man per annum, according to the di-redions of the said several acts, whereby they avoid contributing equally to the JuppoYt of government with such countits as have raised and trained the militia in compliance with the directions of the said acts: and whereas it is jujl and reasonable that all his Majesty's subjects Should contribute equally to the support of his Majesty's government, and the defence of theft kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said several in part recited acts as directs the said certificates to be made by his Majesty's lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants, or clerks of the peace,

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30. 159

where the militia hath not been raised in pursuance of the said the peace acts, and the time of making such certificate, shall be, and the w!?*r? same is hereby declared to be, repealed. noTteenSf-

ed, See. i* repealed.

XX. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Where the That his Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, for militia has every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia has been or shall have been

raised, shall, yearly and every year, on or before the twenty fifth lieuta! are to day of December, certify to the clerk of the peace of every certify the

county, riding, or place respectively, that the militia of such fam.e ycf>Y county, riding, or place, hath been raised; and when and atof the peace what time the same was first raised; the number and rank of w; th such*officers, and the number of private men of the militia, in the other partieu-year when such certificate is made; and the respective times of lar* loch militia being trained and exercised in the year in which jj?*meotwa* Inch certificate is made; which certificate shall be by the clerk^of the peace, who shall receive the same, delivered to the justi- are to deliver ces of the peace at their general quarter sessions to be held next the same to after the twenty fifth day of December in every year, on the day the justices at on which such sessions shall be opened; and shall file the same amongst the records of such sessions, to that the true (late of the gont( militia in each county may appear. and file them

among the records of such sessions s

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in, nd where no

every county, riding, or place, wherein no such certificate from such certifi-his Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, shall be <* >all be delivered to the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, that the clerk Heat

the peace of every such county, riding, or place, shall, and is or ^ep. Ueutt.* hereby required, at the general quarter sessions oif the peace to the clerks of be held next after the twenty fifth day of December in such year, the peace are to certify under his hand and seal, to the justices of the peace the*

(o assembled at their said general quarter sessions, on the day

such sessions shall be opened, that he hath not received from his Majesty's lieutenant of the said county, riding, or place, or any three deputy lieutenants thereof, any such certificate as is herein before directed to be by them made; and such clerk of the peace is hereby directed to file such certificate amongst*£.?* the records of such sessions. certificates i

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That in every county, riding, and place, in which no such certificate shall be made by his Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner herein before directed, and the same shall be certified by the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, the justices of the peace of every such county, and tj, e riding, or place, shall, and they are hereby required at their said ces are there-general quarter session of the peace to be held next after the twen- upon to aflifs ty fifth day of December in every year, to rate and assess the sum*

off five pounds per man yupon such county, riding, or place, in coontyor such and the same manner according to such and the same pro- place, portions upon every town, parish, and place, within each respective county, riding, or place, to becoyedted, levied, received, and to be feried

account- and wmta*

i6o Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30' [1765.

ed for as the accounted for, in such manner, and by such meant, as the county rates, county rates have been usually, or may, by an a iff made in the according to twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Georg* the act is Geo. II. Second, intituled An act for the more tab (oil tiling, and

-.levying, the county rater, or by the acts of the Jccond, fourth, and

or K ct.\.

5 Gea 111.

fifth years of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining, amend* ing, and enforcing, the several laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called Eng-the said pay* land, be afielied, collected, levied, received, and accounted for;

went to be in which said payment of five pounds per man shall be, and is so*t3& hereby declared to be, in full discharge for the neglect and fai-not ng lure not having raised and trained the militia for such coun-and training ty, riding, or place, for the year then next preceding; and the the militia, treasurer or treasurers of the county, riding, or place, who shall Treasurer of receive the said five pounds per man, is and are hereby required the county to to pay the same to the receiver general of the land tax for such to the rroriver county> riding, or P*ace> within one calendar month after he or general; they shall have received the same; and the respective receivers general of the land tax shall give a receipt for the same to the person paying such money, whose receipt shall be a sufficient who is to cer- discharge for such payment; and shall, within ten days after the receipt of such sum and sums of money, certify such receipt to the lord high treasurer, or the lords of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, and shall pay the same into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and in the same manner as he is required to pay in the taxes or duties, commonly called The land tax.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the given for mo- authority aforesaid, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be ey to the given or paid for or upon account of any warrant which shall raf^rTnto11*"* mac*c out for any ^um of money which shall be received by the exche- such receiver general, or paid into his Majesty's exchequer, or quer, or issued issued thereout, in relation to, or in pursuance of, this act. thereout.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clerks of the That such clerks of the peace of each respective county, riding, or place, shall, and they are hereby required, within fourteen days next after the general quarter sessions of the peace to be held after the twenty fifth day of December yearly, to transmtt to the lord high treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's

ceipt thereof to the treasury. and pay over the mo* ney into the exchequer.

No fee to be

peace are to transmit to the treasury, and receivers general,

gcnuai, me >ora nign treasurer, or me commissioners or ms Majesty s rcrtttcatesde treasury, for the time being, and also to the receiver general of livered in pur- the land tax for such county, riding, or place, a copy, signed by fuance of this such clerk of the peace, of every certificate which shall have aft been delivered in pursuance of this act; and in case no such

and where certificate shall have been delivered in, then such clerks of the

deltenrf are certify to the lord high treasurer, or to the com-

to certify the missioners of his Majesty's treasury, and also to such receiver same accord- general, that no such certificate from his Majesty's lieutenant, tagly; or any three deputy lieutenants, hath been received by him, together with an<( that he hath certified the same to the justices of such gene-IngJ of the quarter sessions; and shall also certify what proceedings frflont, in re- have been had at such general quarter sessions, in relation to

the

*7^5.]

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 30.

161

the afieffing and rating the said sum of five pounds per manl*tion toaf-where the militia shall not have been raised. reffing the

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ? VJt the said. That if any clerk of the peace shall refuse or neglect to neglea-receive, deliver, file, make, record, or transmit, such certifi- ing bit duty cates as aforesaid, or any of them, according to the true intent in the premif. and meaning of this act; every such clerk of the peace so of- fes»^or*cxt# fending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of500

five hundred pounds, to any person who shall inform or sue

for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or the courts of great sessions in the principality of

JValeS) or the courts of the counties palatine ot Chester, Lancaster, and Durham; wherein no essoin, protection, wager of

law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall and hi* office,

also forfeit his office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, and is dif.

receiving, or holding, such office for the future, or any other place or office of trust, civil or military, under the government.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- where there said, That in case there shall be any failure of raising or pay- shall be a fai-ing the several sums of money charged by this or the said for- lure of raising mer acts upon any county, nding, or place, where the militia j?r MW* shall not have been raised; the receiver general of such coun-j^for not" ty, riding, or place, respectively, shall, on or before the twenty raising the fourth day of June in every year, certify under his hand to the militia, the barons of the court of exchequer each particular county, receiv.cr riding, division, or place, where such failure of payment hath cerfify^he happened; whereupon the said court of exchequer shall forth- same into the with award the proper process to issue against the treasurer or court of extreasurers of such county, riding, division, or place, where cll^lucrJ such failure shall have happened, in the same manner as any5^r^ei£ person or persons is or are liable to process for failure of pay- upon against ment of the rates and duties commonly called The land tax9 the treasurer for paying the said sum of five pounds per man; which said of the county j sum every such treasurer and treasurers is and are hereby di-^fomsmto rested and required to pay into the receipt of his Majesty's ex- the exche-chequer, out of the county flock then in his, her, or their oner, out of hands; and if he or they shall not then have sufficient for e

that purpose, out of the first money which shall come to his or ftoc*5 their hands of the said county flock; and the auditor of his and the audi- Majesty's exchequer, into whose office such sum or sums for is to give shall be paid, pursuant to the directions of this act, shall, and a receipt for is hereby required to give to such treasurer or treasurers, ortbc fame# other person or persons paying the same on his or their behalf, a receipt for the same signed by such auditor; which receipt so signed shall be, and is hereby enacted to be, a sufficient discharge to such county, riding, division or place, for such sum or sums of money so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer. SolHcitor to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the sollicitor to the treasury is the lord high treasurer, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's toprofeeutt to treasury for the time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and trea* required, with all due diligence, to prosecute with effect such^slt[nfc In*

ife Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31. [1765.

treasurer or treasurers as shall make default in payment as aforesaid.

justices at

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* their general said. That the justices of the peace for such county, riding, or quarter fef* division, at their next general quarter sessions to be holden affeflafum after any such payment made by any treasurer or treasurers as sufficient for aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required, to aftejs, and rtimburting cause to be levied, a sufficient sum of money to reimburse such the treasurer i treasurer or treasurers all such sum or sums of money as he or they shall have paid on such account; to be assessed, collected, and levied, in the same manner as other county rates are directed to be assessed, collected, and levied.

The assess-

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the meats to be justices of the peace for such county, riding, or division, at their ^Vthe^ f^ general quarter sessions, shall, and are hereby impowered, to provisions in aflef and levy, on every city, town, and place, which is not the act of contributary to, or doth not pay to, the county rates of such Geo. III. county, riding, or division respectively, such proportion of the money so paid by such treasurer or treasurers in manner herein directed, according to the provisions and directions of an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining and enforcing the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia for and in that part of Great Britain called England.

The money

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-paid into the said. That all such sum or sums of money as ftuU be raised and exchequer, to 'paid into his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, in purfiianc* rate^a^aoart ani* by virtue of this act, and in manner herein before di- from all otaer rected, shall be kept separate and apart from all other monies \ sfaoniesj and shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, in such manner as

to b-e ls m an^ by an act of the second year of his present

retted* by* act Majesty's reign, for explaining, amending, and reducing into a Geo. III. one parliament, the feveraV laws then in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for taking down and removing certain light-btmfes now standing near the Spurn Point, at the mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other Jit and convenient light* houses instead thereof.

Preamble re- WHEREAS, his late majesty King Charles the Second9 by citing letters his letters, patent^ hearing date at Westminster the twenty Pat5nt f fifth day of October, in the twenty eighth year of his reign % reciting

tS Car. IT, /herein, that his said Majesty had been informed, by the petition of several persons therein namedy that they, aid other mafiers of ships using the northern coasis, bad had great lojjfes at sea, near the mouth of the Humber, upon a very broad long Tandy thrown up and Ufa* vered about six or seven months then fence, by reason whereof they failed in great danger in tie night*and mjidering that fights ended upon the $pum Point, at the mputb of toe Hujnber, \vqild for the

1765.] Anno sexto OeoRgh III. c. 3?; 163

future prevent such danger, they applied to Justinian Angell of London, merchant, proprietor of a piece of ground fit for such purpose; and proposed, that if he would ere ft two lights upon the said ground, they would contribute to pay him towards the charges and maintenance thereof one farthing a ton; and reciting, that the said Justinian Angdl bad accordingly erected two lights, which the said petitioners found to be of great benefit, and an absolute safety to all navigators on that coafi, there being no ground upon all the coajl that any light could be erected upon to do any service to the navigators* tending to the aforesaid funds and harbour, but the aforesaid place y therefore they prayed his said Majesty to grant to the said Justinian Angell full power to kindle and maintain the said lights; and the mafiery wardens, a/fifiants, and elder brethren9 of the Trinity house of Newcastle, having examinedy and certified to his said Majesty, the necessity of the said lights, and that the same would be of great benefit to navigation his said Majesty, for promoting and continuing fb good a woriy and for the safety of his subjects, was pleased to grant to the said Justinian Angell, his beirs, and assigns, full and Jru liberty and authority to continuty renew, and maintain9 the said light-houses with lights9 to be continually burning therein in the night foafoity whereby the said /bits might the better come to their ports without peril j and for defraying the necessary charges and confiant maintenance of the said light-houses his said Majesty was pleased to declare and grant, that for ever thereafter there might be collected and taken, and that the said Justinian Angell, his heirs, and a/signs9 might colie ft9 have9 and take, for rjery ship or vessel passing by the said light-boufey and belonging or trading to the ports of Newcastle or Sunderland, or any of the creeks or members thereof9 one farthing the ton9 according to the burthen of such ships or vessels\ to bold the said liberties, powers, and authorities, contributions, duties, andjums of money, to the said Justinian Angell, his heirs, and assigns for ever, as fully, to all intents and purposes9 as the mafiers of the Trinity house at Deptford Strond, in Kent, or any other person or persons* any the like licences, powers, and authorities, then had, held, or enjoy-ody or might have, bold, or enjoy, in any other place or places, subject to the yearly relit of five pounds, in manner in the said letters patent mentioned; and his Majesty was also pleased thereby to grant divers other powers and authorities relative to the collecting and receiving the fold duties; but in the said letters patent it is provided that if at any time thereafter it Should be made appear to his said Majesty* his heirs, or successort, that such grant was prejudicial or inconvenient, or not of publick use or benefit, then, upon signification or declaration to be made by his said Majesty, his heirs, or successors, under his or their signet or prtvy seal, of such prejudice or inconvenience, the said Utters patent were to be void and determine: and whereas by certain Other-Utters patent, bearing date at Westminster the fourteenth day of June, in the thirtieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, an<13 Car. IL reeking (among other things) that the said Justinian Angell having 'OOmpimned to the petitioners, in the said letters patent named, that - the said rutipt of one farthing a ton would not maintain the said fjybt-heufN, they had eonftdered the charge of maintaining the said

M2 -

164

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31.

light-house, and of the other light by him fence erected and added, and that the said petitioners had requefeed his said Majesty to grant a further duty for the maintenance of the said lights; his said Majesty, for the necessary charges and confeant maintenance of the feud light-houses, was pleased to declare and grant, that, for ever thereafter, there might be collected and taken, and that the said Justinian Angell, his heirs, and affegns, might, from thenceforth, have, colie ft, and take, for every ship or vejfil passeng by or croffeng the said light-houses. Whether outward or homeward bound, and belonging and trading to any of the ports and creeks aforesaid, or any ways northward, the fur ther and additional sum of one farthing a ton, more than he ought to receive by virtue of the said firfe mentioned letters patent, for all Englifti ships or vessels; and also one penny per ton for all foreign bottoms; to hold the same to the said Justinian Angell, his heirs, and affegns, for ever, at the yearly relit of five pounds, payable as in the said letters patent is mentioned, and Subject to a like proviso as is contained in the said firfe mentioned letters patent: and whereas Edward Thompson, late of the city of York, esquire, (fence deceased) being owner and proprietor of one fourth part of the land whereon the said light-houses were erested, and of other land there, containing about ten acres; and likewise of onefourth part of the said light-houses, and of all dues, duties, sum and sums of money, benefits, advantages, and profits, whatsoever, to be had, gotten, or received, for and in respect of the said lights, or either of them, which had defended to him from his ancestors, by whom the same was formerly purchased; did, by his lafe zoill and tefeament, duly executed, bearing date the twenty third day of November, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, after charging his real efeate with the payment of all his jufi debts and funeral expence s (in case his per final efeate was not sufficient to pay the same) and after giving several very considerabli annuities, payable out of his real estates, and several legacies, give and devifi to Thomas Busfield, and Leuyns Boldero esquire, and their heirs, all and singular his manors, messuages, farms, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premisses, whatsoever and wherefiever, to hold to them, their heirs and ajfegns, to the use of his nephew Leonard Thompson, of Sheriff Hutton in the said county of York, esquire, and his afiigm, during his life, without impeachment of waste, with remainder to the said trufeees and their heirs, during the life of the said Leonard Thompson, to preserve contingent remainders 5 with remainder, after the death of the said Leonard Thompson, to Solomon Fell, gentleman, for one thousand years, on certain trulls in the said will mentioned wish remainder to the firfe and other fins of the said Leonard Thompson, in tail male, with divers remainders over: and whereas, notwithstanding at the time of erecting the fetid light-houses, the ground on which they were built was very near the Spurn Point, and was then the mofe proper situation for answering the good purposes for which the same were erested; yet by the flowing and ebbing of the sea fence the time of their erection, part of the ground at or near the Spurn Point has been washed away, and

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31.

reason whereof the mafiers of vessel are deceived, and Many very great lojfes hive lately happened to ships and vessel employed in the northern navigation, to the great detriment of several branches of trade in this kingdom: and whereas it is absolutely necessary for the safety of the northern navigation, that two new light-houses Should be netted in a proper place nearer to the Spurn Point than the place where the present light-houses Jland: and whereas John Angell, now of Stockwell, in the county of Surrey, esquire9 as. owner of three fourth parts of the said light-houses, revenues, duties, and pro-fits9 having had frequent applications made to him, or his agents, by the corporations of the Trinity houses at Deptford Strond, and Kingston upon Hull commonly called Hull, and also by the said Leonard Thompson; and all possible means having been used to prevail on him to change the situation thereof in fuel a manner as that they may answer the good ends and purposes for which they were originally designed, hath, from time to time9 wholly neglected or re-fufid fi to do, or to contribute his proportion of the expence of taking down and removing the said present light-house$9 and of trotting and building others in the stead thereof as aforesaid whereby, and by petitions to his Majesty for that purpose, and by references thereon, the fend corporations, and also the said Leonard Thompson, have been put to considerable charges and expences: and whereas the said Leonard Thompson is ready and willing to take down and remove the said present light-houses, and to erett and build others infead thereof in such place or places near to the present point of the Spurn, and in such manner and form as shall be thought most proper and convenient by the said corporation of the Trinity house of Deptford Strond, and under their inspection and direction, upon his being enabled to borrow and raise moneyfor that purpose9 and for repaying t§ tie said corporations of the Trinity houses of Deptford Strond most Hull, and him the said Leonard Thompson respectively9 their find respective charges and expences incurred concerning the said light-houses and also for defraying the charges of soliciting and obtaining tbu present att; and Jo that the three fourth parts of the said revenues, duties, and profits, belonging to the said John Angell, may be a redeemable interest in him9 or the person or persons intitled thereto, on his or their paying the whole amount of the said expences of the said corporations of Deptford Strond and Hull, and of him the said Leonard Thompson, and the interest thereof and three fourth parts of the expences of obtaining this act, and removing and rebuilding the said light-houses and the interest of such three fourth parts, to the person or persons who shall advance and lend the same, his, her, or their executors, administrators9 or assigns; but by rcqfeti of the estate and interest which the said John Angell hath in the said three fourth parts of the said lands, light-houses, revenues, duties, and profits, and ay reason that the said Leonard Thompson is only tenant for Use9 with such remainders ever as aforesaid in the said fourth part of the said premisses9 the purposes aforesaid eamot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament: therefore, for promoting a work so conducive to the safety of |)if Majesty's subjects, and tq remedy so great a detriment to

tr*dq

i6& Anno sexto Georgii III. c. JJ.

[1765.

trade and navigation; may it please your Majesty, at the humble suit of the said Leonard Thompson, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the New light- authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and houses to be for the said Leonard Thompson, and other the person or persons b«jlt* anf^he who shall, for the time being, be intitled to his fourth part of down"6* n the duties and profits hereby granted or continued, by and under the said recited will of the said Edward Thompson; and be

and they are hereby authorized and required, with as much speed as conveniently may be, after the first day of June^ one, thousand seven hundred and sixty six, to cre6t and build, or cause to be erected and built, two new and sufficient light-houses, with suitable offices and conveniences, at or near the said Spurn Point, and according to such plan and estimate, as the* ihafter, wardens, and assistants, of the said corporation of the Trinity house of Deptford Strond, shall, by writing under their Common Teal, specify, appoint, and approve of; and for that pufpose, to take down the said present light-houses, and tq make use of all or any part of the materials thereof, or otherwise io sell and dispose of the same, and to apply the money arising therefrom towards building such new light-houses; and, in the mean time, and until the said new light-houses shall be compleated, to erect and continue two temporary lights, as near at fnay be to the respective places where the said new light-houses shall, as aforesaid, be appointed to be built; and also to keep fqfficient lights and fires burning continually in the night-season, so as to answer the purposes intended by this a St for the benefit of navigation; and, from time to time, to enlarge, contract, alter, or remove, the said new light-houses, or either of them, as occasion may require, with the consent and by the direction of the same Corporation, to be signified as aforesaid; fend for any of the purposes aforesaid, to enter upon and use such part or parts of the land at or near the Spurn Pointy (be it "the foil or ground of the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs, or successors, or of any other person or persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate) as the corporation of the Tri-ia*nity house of Deptford Strond, shall, from* time to time, by writing under their common seal, appoint.

Light-houses 4 II. And, tq the end that those purposes may be better attained, and to tie under that the management of the said light-houses may not be neglected or inspeaionof paddy conduced\ be it hereby further enacted by the authority houses of^That from and after the erecting and building the

Deptford said light-houses, the same shall, from time to time, and at al( Strond and times thereafter, be subject to.' the visitation and inspection of Hull. the said corporations of the Trinity houses ot Deptford Strond

'and Hull* for the time being, or either of them, who may enter

}*nto the same, and examine whether they are well and sufficiently epaired and maintained, so as to answer the purposes aforesaid; fend shall and may leave notice or warning in writing, with the

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31. rtly

keeper or keepers of the said light-houses, requiring such defers or wants of reparations, as shall be found therein, to be remedied and amended within forty days from the delivery of such notice or warning as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trinity house That in case the said light-houses, to be erected pursuant to °fHul1 to this a ft, shall be at any time not kept duly lighted and properly attended; it shall and may be lawful for the corporation of the tended/ Trinity house of Hull, to examine into such neglects, and effectually to remedy the same; and also to depute and appoint

some fit and proper person or persons to enter into the said light-houses, or either of them, with full power and authority to remain therein, until such neglects shall be remedied in such manner as the said corporation shall think necessary; and the 'owner or owners of such light-houses shall, and they are hereby required to pay and satisfy the said corporation all such charges and expences as shall be thereby incurred; and in default of payment thereof, within one month after the same shall be demanded of the said owner or owners for the time being, h shall and may be lawful for the collector or collectors of the duties by this act directed to be received, to pay and satisfy the same to the said corporation, and is and are hereby declared to he indemnified for lo doingany thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties.

That from and after the erecting and compleating the said new light-houses, according to the said plan, and the kindling and placing lights therein, for the benefit of navigation; the said Leonard Thompson and John Atigell, according to the proportionate share, estate, and interest, which they now respectively have

in the said present light-houses; and the duties granted by the said recited letters patent, and the persons who shall, for the time being, after their several deceases, be intitled to the same, and their agents, collectors, and deputies, or other person or persons by them appointed, may (subject nevertheless to such mortgage and mortgages as shall be made thereof, by virtue of the power herein after given) from thenceforth collect, have, and take, of and from the several persons, who are now or hereafter may be liable to pay the same, the several and respective duties which have been usually taken and collected by and under the said patents before recited, and no others.

V. And, to the intent the said duties may be truly answered and Method for said, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no faring nay. custonjer, collector, comptroller, surveyor, searcher, or waiter, duties nor any of their respective clerks, within any of his Majesty's *ports, havens, creeks, or harbours, belonging to the northern

coasts aforesaid, or elsewhere; nor any captain, lieutenant, or other officer belonging to them, or any of them 5 nor any warden, port reeve, or keeper, of any of his Majesty's said poris, roads, harbours, and havens; nor any wharfinger, porter* or frlfbQurer, belonging to the water-side, qor any officer of the

i6S

and for recovering the dune*

Jleeompence to owners of grounds.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31. [1765.

customers belonging to his Majesty, or to his heirs and successors, now being, or which for time hereafter shall be in the said ports, harbours, roads, creeks, havens, and places; shall any of them at any time hereafter take or receive any entry or cocquet, or give, make, or certify any cocauet, return, or victualling bill, or discharge or permit any goods or (lores to be laid on land, or discharged or shipped, out of or from any of the said ships, or suffer any ships or other vessels trading or liable to the payment aforesaid, to pass by or from them without a ticket or note under the hand writing of the person or persons in whom the said duties are veiled by this act respectively, his, her, or their agents or deputies, testifying the payment of the said several allowances and sums hereby respectively granted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every collector and collectors^ or any other person or persons authorized and deputed by the person or persons in whom the said duties are hereby vested, shall and may, for the better management and collection thereof, have a place ip all custom-houses in the ports and places where the same are qr shall be collected.

VII. And whereas it is reasonable that a proper satisfaction and recompence Should be made to William Constable, of Burton Constable in the county of York esquire, or to such other person or persons who now is or are, or hereafter shall be, owner or owners of tho fnl or ground whereon such new intended light-houses, fmtable offices or conveniences, shall or may hereafter be built; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties hereby granted or continued, shall for ever hereafter be charged and! chargeable with and subject and liable to the payment of the sum of one hundred pounds yearly, clear of all taxes and de-. duCtions whatsoever, onto the said William Constable, his heirs or alTigns, or other owner or owners of such foil or ground for the time being, his, her, or their heirs or assigns, by four equal quarterly payments; such payments to be made by the collector or collectors of the said duties at Kingston upon Hull, for the time being, out of the first monies that mall come to his or their hands; the first payment thereof to be made on the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and in default of payment of the said yearly sum, or any part thereof, for the space of twenty days next after the days appointed for payment thereof, it shall and may b$ lawful to find for the said William Constable, his heirs or assigns, or the owner or owners of the foil qr ground for the time being, or his, her, or their heirs and assigns, to recover by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, from the said collector or collectors of the said dutie^ within the port of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, so much of the said yearly sum as shall remain unpaid as aforesaid, together with all cods and charges attending the recovery of the same: but in case there shall be no collector of the said duties at the said port of Kin % -ssion ufen Hull, or there shall not be sufficient money in his or

159

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 3 u

their hands arising from the said duties to answer such purposes-then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William Con-(tabby his heirs and assigns, and such other owner or owners as aforesaid, from time to time, and his, her, and their heirs and assigns, to collect, have, and take, the duties by this act authorized to be received by the proprietors of the said duties, of such persons, and in such manner, as the same are herein before authorized to be collected and taken, until therewith or otherwise all such arrears, together with the cods and charges attending such collection, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

VIII. And, to the end that the compbtion of so necessary a work Powers to raise may not be obfirutled by the said John Angelfo perfijltng. in his re- niooey on fufal to co-operate with the said Leonard Thompson thereinf for the enabling the said Leonard Thompson, or other person or persons who shall come into possession of his Share and interest in the said premijfe$y to discharge and reimburse to the said corporations of the trinity houses ^Deptford Strond end Hull, and to him thefind Leonard Thompson respectivehy the expences which they and be have respectively been put to on the occasions aforesaid, and to discharge the expences of soliciting and obtaining this present act; (all the said expences to be ascertained and allowed by the of herein after named, or any three or more of them) and to raise money fuffuient for the taking down the said present light-houses and trebling and building the said temporary lights and new light-houses, according to the plan and estimate of the said corporation of the trinity house of Deptford Strond, as herein before directed (and in and by which plan and estimate the sum of money for that purpose shall be fixed and after tained under the common seal of the same corporation) be it hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Clay be lawful to and for the said Leonard Thompson, or other person or persons in possession of his said fourth part, to borrow and raise any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the amount of the aforesaid expences and estimate ascertained in manner as aforesaid; and for securing the repayment of the said sum or sums of money so to be borrowed, with in-t^rest for the same, to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, the ground, which shall be assigned in manner aforesaid, for erecting the said light-house thereon, together with the light-houses which shall be erected thereon, with their appurtenances, and the duties, and profits, hereby granted, unto such person or persons as shall advance and lend the same respectively, for any term or number of years, not exceeding five hundred years; (o as such grant or demise be made with a proviso or condition to be void, or with an express covenant to be surrendered, as to the three fourth parts of the said John Angelly upon payment by him, or other the person or persons who for the time being shall be intitled to the lame, of the whole amount of the said expences of the said corporations of Deptford Strond and Hully and of him the said Leonard Thompson, and the interest thereof, and three fourth parts of the expences of obtaining this act, and removing and rebuilding the said light-houses and temporary lights, and the

Surplus of money raised( how to be applied:

tn case of deficiency* more to be raised.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31.

[176

the interest of such three fourth parts, within the usual time for the redemption of mortgages; and with a proviso or condition to be void, or with an express covenant to be surrendered* as to the fourth part of the said Leonard Thompfin % on payment, by the person or persons, for the time being, intitled thereto (under the will of the said Edward Thompson) of the remaining fourth part of the expences of obtaining this act, and removing and rebuilding the said light-houses, and the interest of such one fourth part; and so as every such grant or deqiife, so to be made, shall contain a proviso, that the person or persons intitled to the remainder or reversion of the said Ucnard Thompson's one fourth part of the said duties and profits shall not be liable, upon his, her, or their becoming possessed thereof, to the payment of any larger arrear of interest than for one year preceding the time when the title to such possession shall accrue and commence; and every such grant, mortgage, lease, ordemise, to be made in pursuande of this act, and to be registered in the publick office kept it BtuerUy in and for the east riding of the said county of JVf, shall be good, valid, and effectual, in the law, notwithstanding the said Leonard Thompson's being only a tenant for life, and notwithstanding any thing in the wilj of the said Edwardttemp-Jon his late uncle, to the contrary thereof; and notwithstanding any settlement, will, or other inftyument, or conveyance, to the uses or trusts whereof the share of the said John AngelU in the said premises and duties, may be subject or liable; and the person or persons who shall advance and lend any money on the security aforesaid, shall not be liable to fee to the application, nor answerable for the non-application or misapplication thereof.

IX. Provided always, That the said Leonard Thompson> or, other the person or persons hereby impowered to remove and rebuild the said light-houses, shall, within six months next after the removing and rebuilding the same, produce and lay before the of, herein after named, or any three or more of them, a true account of his or their disbursements for or on account of the same (together with the vouchers thereof) to be verified by his or their affidavit or affidavits; and also a true account of all such sum and sums of money as shall have been raised in manner aforesaid, to be in like manner verified; and in case it shall appear that any surplus shall remain in the hands of the said Leonard Thompson, or such other person or persons, unapplied for the purposes aforesaid, to be certified under the hands and feats of the said of, or any three or more of them, such surplus shall be paid to such mortgagee or mortgagees, in part of the principal mon^y due upon their respective mortgages, unless the share of the said John AngeUy of and in the said mortgaged premises, dial] have Deen sooner redeemed x in which case, three fourth parts of such surplus shall be paid to the said John Angel!', or the person or persons then intitled tq his share in the premises, and the remaining fourth part thereof shall be paid in manner before directed; or in case, upon taking the aforesaid accounts before the said commissioners, it

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31, iyi

{ball appear, that the said Leonard Thomp, or other the person or persons hereby impowered to remove and rebuild the said light-houses, shall have expended more money in effecting the purposes aforesaid, than shall have been raised in manner above directed; and the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, in manner aforesaid, certify the particular sum; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Leonard Thompson, or such other person or persons, to raise fqch further sum of money, by the ways and means herein before prescribed, jon the credit of tnc said premisses.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and de- j^ deftule of clared, That if the said Leonard Thompfo or other person or proprietors, persons who shall come into possession of his share and interest the power of in the said premisses, shall neglect or refuse to take down and rebuilding, remove the present light-houses near the Spurn, and to^J^fJ- erect and build other light-houses indead thereof, in the manner tion of Bept-herein before directed, or (if required) to give security to the ford Stroud laid corporation of the trinity house of Deptford Strand, for the due application of the money to be borrowed, within two years after his or their receipt of the said plan and estimare, under the common seal of the said corporation, and their appointment of the place whereon the said light-houses shall be erected; then, and in such case, the said matters, wardens, and assistants, of the same corporation, and their successors, for the time being, shall and may take down and remove the present light-houses, and erect and build other fit and proper light-houses in manner aforesaid, and repair, light, and maintain the same, so as to answer the intention of this present act; or if, after the said Leonard Thompson, or such other person or persons, shall have built

and compleated the said new light-houses, the same shall at any time thereafter be out of repair, so as not to answer the purposes hereby intended, and shall not within the space of forty days after giving or leaving such notice in writing, as herein before -is mentioned, be repaired pursuant to such notice; then, and from thenceforth, the said mailer, wardens, and assistants, and their successors, for the time being, shall, and they are hereby required to cause the said light-houses to be repaired; and from and the du-and after the-crection of such new light-houses, and placing ties veiled ia lights therein by the said corporation, as also from and after their them, repairing such light-houses as shall or may be built by the said Leonard Thompson, or other person or persons intitled to his said

share (upon any default as aforesaid) the said duties hereby granted or continued, with the powers and authorities for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same, shall immediately vest in the same corporation, and their successors, who may, from time to time, appoint proper persons to receive the same duties, and thereout reimburse themselves all the expences, cods, until re-pay-and charges, which they shall have sustained in or about the re- ment ofhrir moving, erecting, or repairing, the light-houses which may, as expence* aforesaid, be erected by the said corporation, or in or about the ftpairiqg fuel} light-houses a) shall or may be built by the said

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 3 i.

[1765.

Leonard Thompson, or other person or persons intitled to his said share, upon any default as aforesaid, and all other incident charges, rendering the overplus (if any) to the said John Angell and Leonard Thompson, according to their said respective proportions and interests therein, or to such other person or persons as shall, for the time being, be intitled thereto; yet nevertheless so as not to affect or prejudice the security or securities which shall have been made by the said Leonard Thompson, his i heirs, or assigns, by virtue of this act, to the person or persons who shall advance money for the purposes aforesaid, nor the an- 1 nual relit ascertained for the grounds to be made use of for the j purposes of this act*and from and after payment and satisfac- j tien to the said corporation, their successors, or assigns, by receipt of the said duties, or otherwise, shall have been made for all their cods, charges, and expences, in or about the removing, rebuilding, and repairing, the said light-houses, and the receiving the said duties, the power of the receiver or receivers to be appointed by the said matter, wardens, and assistants, shall cease and determine and the said duties shall thenceforth reveft in the said Leonard Thompson and John Angell, according to their said proportionate estate and interest, or in the persons, for the time being, intitled to the same (subject as aforesaid) with the powers and authorities hereby granted for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same.

XI. And, for effecting the fereral purposes herein before referred to of, be it hereby further enacted by theau-Commission- thority aforesaid, That Henry Willoughby of BirdfalU in the county ers names, cf York, esquire j Henry Brewfler Darley of Aldby Park, in the same county, esquire; Barnard Foord of Hejlerton, in the same county, esquire; Isaac Broadley of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, esquire; and Henry Maifler of the same place, esquire; shall be. Power, and and lhey are hereby constituted of, to execute the office. powers vested in them by this act.

Their decrees

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the orders and de-to be register- terminations so to be made by the said of, shall be ed at Beverley, set down in writing, tinder the hands and seals of such of the said of as shall make the same, and shall be entered at length in the public office kept at Beverley, in and for the east riding of thp county of York 5 and the same, or a true copy or copies thereof, certified as such, under the hand of the register of the said office, or his deputy, shall be taken, deemed, and adjudged good and sufficient proof in all courts of law or equity whatsoever.

Upon deathor

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the death or refusali aft refusal to act of any commissioner hereby appointed, or hereaf-of any com- fCr to the surviving of, or any three or

other may be more of them, shall and may, from time to time, elect one chosen. other commissioner in the room of every such commissioner deceased or refusing to act; and every person so elected shall have the same authority, to all intents and puj-poses, as if he h^d been pamed a commissionjr in this act.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 31. 173

XIV. Provided always, and it }s hereby further enacted and Act not to af-eclared. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be onftrued, adjudged, deemed, or taken, to revoke any will, or to

aake void, alter, annul, or any ways affect any settlement, mort-; age, incumbrance, or deed, which shall have been executed in or before the fourteenth day of February one thousand seven tundred and sixty six, or any part thereof, so as to prejudice tny person or persons having any right or claim under the same, nit of, upon, or affecting the ground whereon the present light-loufes Hand, or the said light-houses, or the duties granted by lie laid letters patents; but that all such rites and claims on the Taid premises and duties shall respectively be and remain a charge ind lien on the new light-houses hereby directed to be built, and on the duties hereby granted or continued; and the respective shares and interests of the said John AngeXl and Leonard Thomp-/for, of and in the same light-houses, duties, and profits, shall be subject and liable to the same uses, trusts, charges, powers, provisoes, limitations, remainders, rents, annuities, services, incumbrances, and demands, as their shares and interests of and in the said present light-houses, and the duties and profits granted by the said letters patents, would have been respectively subject and liable to in case this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Refemtion of thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

to deifeat, lesien, or prejudice, the right, title, and interest of the manQr) '

laid William Con/Iable, his heirs, and alsigns, as lord or lords*of the manor of Kilnfeay or as lord or lords of the seignory or dominion of HolderneJfey in the said county of York, except so far only as the same is or are hereby bound or affected; any thing in this present act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aiul of the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall ex- trinity house. tend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, leflfen, or defeat,

any of the powers, privileges, immunities, or jurisdictions, of or belonging to the corporation of the trinity house of Deptford Strond.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per- actions.

son or persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this act; that then, and in every such case, the action or suit shall be brought within six calendar months next after the fast committed, and shall be laid in the county of York and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, fb to be brought, shall and may plead the general issue, and give General issue. this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-Anted, or shall discontinue, his, her, or their action or actions, suit or suits; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedy for Treble costs# - the

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 32.

[176$.

the same a* any defendant or defendants (halt and may have in any cases by law.

poblkkafti

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such in all courts, and by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, with* out specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to extend an act made in the fourth year of the of King George the First, i, An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons and unlawful exporters of wool, and for declaring the law upon same points relative to pirates; that part if Great Britain called Scotland, far as the said act relates to the more effectual transportation of felons, and for amending and rendering more effectual the laws for retraining mtdrburn, in forbidden in that part of the united kingdom.

Preamble, re- \X7 WHEREAS by anailfaffed in the fourth year of the

cUufc*' King George the First, An act for further pre-

inadT4 GEO. 1. venting robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effedhial transportation of felons and unlawful exporters of wool, and for dedaring the law upon some points relating to pirates, tertein provisions and rules_are made and laid down for the more ef-\nffo\

1

feltual transportation of offenders to his Mojtjiy's colonies Hons in America, by enabling the, before whom such persons

by

all contrail

are convicted, to convey, transfer, and make over

nr of court, to the person

the performance of such transportt

order of for '

or persons, who.

transportation, to him and them, and their heirs and ajfgns 5 and such person or persons so con trailing oil aforesaid, his or their ajfgns, by virtue of such order of transfer, art declared to have a property and interest in the ftwice of such offenders, for such terms of years as is therein; but, by an af-

ter clause of the aforesaid Statute, it is provided that nothing in the said act contained Jbetdd extend, or be construed to extend, to persons as ffottld bit conviUtd or attainted in that part of Great Britain tailed Scotland, whereby the efftHual transportation of offenders frm that part of the united Kingdom is often disappointed, and the tolonies and plantations' to which such offenders are are exposed to many dangers and inconveniencies, by having such offenders set loefe amongst them, without any person or persons having a property or interest tn their service, whereby they may be frm committing new crimes and offences in the fata colonies and plari-iations: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

when-

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 32. 175

hensoever and so often as any sentence of transportation shall Court inScot. e pronounced and awarded, by any court in that part of Great n"unc?ne fen-\ritain called Scotland) againli any offender or offenders, it shall tence of trans-nd may be lawful for such court to convey, transfer, and make portation, maf ver, such offender or offenders, by order of court, to the use fcr of any person or persons who shall contract for the performance uft^ftheconh! of such transportation, to him and them, and their heirs and traitor for the risigns, so as he or they, so contracting, may have a property performance ind interest in the service of such offenders, for such and thee of Aich trans-ame term of years, as he or they might have had in the like portion, afe by an order of any court in that part of Great Britain called England.

H. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where Persons con-any persons do now (land convicted, or hereafter shall be convicted of ca-visted, of any crimes or offences whatsoever, by which death Pj*! 9^ by law may or ought to be inflicted; and his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall be graciously pleased to extend his royal do* upM eon-mercy to such offenders, upon the condition of transportation dition of to any part of America, and such intention of mercy be signified transporta-by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state; it shall and may be lawful to any court in that part of Great Britain called the court to Scotland^ having proper authority, to allow such offenders the allow the of-benefft of a pardon under the great seal, or under the fcai appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland in place of ]Jnd ordera* the great seal, and to order and direct the like transfer and con- like transfer veyance, to any person or persons who will contract for the per- to be made of formance of such transportation, and to his or their heirs and af- h, m t^?, e signs, of any such before mentioned offenders, in the same man- {Je coorts ia* ner, and for the same term of years, as any court in that part of England may Great Britain called England might have ordered and directed in in tike cases* the like case j and such pedbn or persons so contracting as afore-£ud, his or their afBgns, by virtue of such order or transfer as aforesaid, shall have the like property and interest in the service of such offenders, and for such term of years, as he or they would or might have had under the like order from any competent court in that part of Great Britain called England.

III. And whereas the laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for preventing muirhurn in forbidden time, or/ found defective and ineffectual) whereby not only the garni) but aj/o many valuable woods and plantations have been destroyed: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty on no person or persons shall make muirbum, or set fire to any persons mak-heath or muir, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, from we muirbum, the lift day of March to the first day of November in any aider the penalty of forty shillings lawful money of Great Bri- or be. imt for the first offence, five pounds like money for the second tween 31 offence, and ten pounds like money for the third and every March Sc*other eifience; one moiety of which penalties shall belong to the Nor* year y* procurator fifeal, who shall sue or prosecute for the lame, and Application of the other moiety shall be at the disposal of the court before which the penalties, the offender or offenders shall be convi<3cd, for such publick 6 uses.

176

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 33.

[17

uses, within the parish where the offence is committed, as they shall think (it.

Xnwbat cases IV, And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

die tenant or tenant, possessor, or occupier of the ground, upon which such n^elUble to niuirburn shall be made or discovered within the forbidden time the Caul penal- aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of the offence, ties. and shall be liable to the several penalties aforesaid, unless such

tenant, possetfor, or occupier, shall prove, to the satisfaction of the court, that such fire was communicated from some neighbouring ground; or was raised upon his or her ground by some other person not in his or her service or family.

Penalty not to V. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be liable

take place but to any of the penalties hereby enacted, except for such offence eomiritte?af-or o108 as shall be committed after the thirty first day of ter 31 March, March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

1767.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

Method of fu- several penalties aforesaid may be sued for and recovered before ing for and any two or more justices of the peace, or before the sheriff of theoGoald^ t*lc county ^here the offence shall be committed, subject to pCD "* such review as is competent by the law of Scotland in the like cases.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to exchange the lands of Fernan and Lix, in the county of Perth, for other lands belonging to the right honourable John earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the said county of Perth.

Preamble, re- \KT WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the twenty citing nJ8t % s fifth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for

Qto. a. c. 41. annexing certain forfeited estates to the crown unalienably, and for making satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to establish a method of managing the same, and applying the rents and profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future; the lands and estates which belonged to John Drummond, taking upon kimfelf the stile and title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the title of duke of Perth; and the lands of Alexander Robertson of Strowan, were unalienably annexed to the imperial crown of these realms, for certain purposes in the said act mentioned: and whereas the lands ^/'Fernan, part of the annexed estate ^Strowan, of the yearly relit of seventy eight pounds twelve shillingsy and eleven pence sterling, lie detached by themselves at a distance from the body of the estate of Strowan, and arefitu-ated in the bosom of the estate of John earl of Breadalbane, within a mile of Tavmouth, the principal residence of his family: and whereas the lands of Lix, part of the annexed estate of Perth, of the yearly relit of thirty four pounds^ six pence, and two thirds of a penny sterling, lie contiguous to other parts of the said earl's estate: and whereas these two parcels of crown lands, all lying in the county of Perth, are not only detached from every part of the annexed estates, but also separated at a msiderable distance from them, and from each other:

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 33.

and whereas the said John earl Breadalbane /V proprietor f certain parts of the estate of Pitkellony, in the parish of Mut-iill, and county of Perth (of greater value than the two parcels of nnexed lands above defer ibea) lying adjacent to, andalmost fur round-i by, the Perth eslate, and most commodiously situated for the better ccommodation of a village lately built upon that part of the said e-ate: and whereas it would be of great benefit to his Majesty, and to the nnexed efiates, as well as to the find John earl of Breadalbane, that be said lands of Fernan and Lix were exchanged for such parts of the date of Pitkellony, belonging to the said John earl of Breadalbane,

S lie most contiguous and convenient to the said annexed estate of ^crtli, allowing value for value: and whereas the said exchange can-#/ be compleated, without the aid of parliament: may it therefore lease your Majesty (upon the petition of the said John earl of breadalbane) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this irefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs, and His Majesty ucceflors, to give, grant, and dispone, unto the said John earl cnahlea to f Breadalbane, his heirs and assigns, all and whole that part and f^o/BnSu onion of the lands and barony of Strowan, called The thirty dalbane the uri lands of Fernan, with the woods thereof, which formerly land* of F donged to the deceased Alexander Robertson of Strowan, and "an and re now annexed to the crown, comprehending the particular owns and lands after mentioned; videlicet, The three merk ed, with the and of Tomentyvoir, the three merk land of Bel/inairn, the two teind* and nerk land of Corrichertow, the three merk land of Croftnaline, Pminent* he two merk land of Balmonocb, the five merk land of Boreland, there°k he five merk land of Kinhyeallan, the five merk land of Stroan-'em and Margeroy, the two merk land of Lagfcrn, the brew-cat, maltbarn, and kiln of Taynaloan of Fernan, the mill ofernan\ all and whole the teinds, great and small, of the said those lands above mentioned, all lying in the parish of Ken-wre, and sheriffdom of Perth, with the whole parts and pertinents of all the aforesaid lands and others, by whatever name ailed or described in the title deeds thereof: all and whole those tarts and portions of the lands and estate of Perth, called The mis of Lix, extending to a nine merk land, and which for-ncrly belonged John Drummond, taking upon himself the stile nd title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, a king upon himself the title of duke of Perth, and now annexed to the crown, comprehending the particular towns and lands ifter mentioned; videlicet, The town* and lands of Wester Lix, vith the croft thereof, the farm or lands of Middle Lix, the arm or lands of Eqfier Lix, with the pendicle thereof: and all Kid whole the teinds, great and small, of the said whole lands ibovc mentioned, with the whole parts and pertinents of the £msaid lands and others, by whatever name called or deferib-sA in the title deeds thereof, all lying in the parish of Killine, md sheriffdom of Perth, heritably and irredeemably, in due and Vol. XXVII. N com-

178 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 33. [1765.

io exchange competent form, by way of excambion, and in exchange, for landi^Pit- f°^ow*ng Parts and portions of the said estate of Pitkelka?, kellony be- belonging to the said John earl of Breadalbane; videlicet. All and longing to the whole the ten merk land of the ward of Muthill, with the mea-laid earl. dow, wood, and wood lands, comprehending the park of ward, three parks in Muthill, and the lands of Laeroch, and all parti and pertinents of the same: all and whole the lands of Pett or Petti Tenantry, extending to a two merk land of old extent, now commonly called Tenantry or Quarter lands of Pett, whereof a part is called Cairngrew, comprehending the well park, and all parts and pertinents of the same: all and whole the lands of Pett Easier and Wester, comprehending the lands commonly called Drumduie, Muirhouse, Lurg, and Burnside, also compre* bending the Burn Park of Drumduie, pendicle of Burnside of Drumduie, lint mill of Drumduie, Muirhead Roads, and Brodbeg % and all parts and pendicles of the fameall and whole those, parts of the town or village of Muthill, with the tenements of houses, woolshops, yards, and crofts, lying therein (not already annexed to the crown) and contained in a disposition thereof dated twentieth August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and registrate in the books of council andiession third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, by Ra* bert Drummond of Pitkellony, to John Campbell esquire, cashier of the royal bank of Scotland; also all and whole the customs or tolls of the markets or fairs held in the said town of Muibillf together also with the tiend (heaves and other tiends, aswdl great as small, of the whole lands, tenement, and others above written, together with the whole premisses contained in the fold disposition, by whatever name called or described in the title deeds thereof: all lying within the parish of Muthill, and (he* riffdom of Perth5 amounting in all to the yearly relit of one hundred and sixty five pounds, nineteen shillings, eight pence* and one third of a penny sterling.

From the date And* farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of such grant, from and after the date of such grant, so to be made by his Ma-the recited act jesty, his heirs, or successors, of the said lands of Fernan and of 15 Geo. 1. with the tiends and pertinents thereof, in exchange as a lates i^these faresaid, the said act of the twenty fifth of his late Majesty, b lands, is re- far as it relates to these lands, shall be, and the same is hereby*, pealed; and repealed; and the said lands of Fernan and Lix shall, from the said lands thenceforth, be difannexed from the imperial crown of these froni thee realms; any thing in the said adfc to the contrary notwithstand-crownj and fag* and that, from thenceforth, the aforesaid parts and por-the lands tiens of the lands and estate of Pitkellony, which shall be given ghen in to his Majesty in exchange for these lands of Fernan and Lix an nexe^to the afarcfa*d, shall be, and the same are hereby, annexed unalien* crown in lieu ably to the imperial crown of these realms, under all the con-thereof j ditions, provisions, and limitations, and to the same purposes.

and uses, as contained in the foresaid act of the twenty fifth of his late Majesty, in the same manner, and as effectually, to all 1

intent* I

17>

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 33.'

intents and purposes, as if these parts and portions themselves had thereby been specially and particularly annexed.

III. And whereas the tenants and possessors of the said lands of Feman have, by usage and custom, enjoyed and possessed a privilege or servitude of pasturing and grazing their cattle upon other parts of the said eft ate of otrowan; and the tenants and possessors of the lands of Lix have, in like manner, enjoyed and possessed the privilege and servitude of cutting wood, for the necessary uses of their farms and pojfffms, upon other parts of the estate of Perth; and the tenants and possessors of the before-mentioned parts and portions of the eft ate ^Pitkellony [which are to be given in exchange as aforesaid) have, by the like ujage and custom, become thirled or bound to the mill of Pitkellony, ' commonly called the mill of Steps, for all grain or corn rmfei on these parts and portions: and it being proper and expedient tl&tt at carrying the said exchange into execution f these and all other ftrvitudes Should be abolished and discharged; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the date of the nm the grant, so to be made by his Majesty, his heirs, or successpective prl-fott, of the said lands of Ferrtan and Lix, in exchange as afore- vileges and fahl, not only the several privileges and fervittides immmediate- fsI7It"?Ci

ly herein before enumerated, but also all other privileges and by The" iervkudes claimed or enjoyed by the tenants and possessors of tenants, &c. the said lends of Feman and Lix, of and ftpon other parts of the of these lands laid annexed estates of Strowan and Perth; and by the said "e to cease John earl of Breadalbane and his tenants (for the remainder 0fth€reuP°n* the said lands of Pitkellony and mill thereof) of and upon the tenants and possessors of these parts and portions of Pitkellony, then to be given in exchange as aforesaid; and by the tenants and possessors of the said annexed estates of Strowan and Perth, and of the parts and portions of Pitkellony, so to be exchanged as aforesaid, of and upon the said lands of Feman zx\d Lix, and remainder of Pitkellony; shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be for ever after abolished and discharged.

IV. And whereas the value of the aforesaid parts and portions of theejlate of Pitkellony, so to be exchanged as aforesaid, doth exceed the value of the said lands r/Ternan and Lix, in the sum of three hundred and nineteen pounds, nine shillings, three pence, and one sixth

a pennysterling; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Satisfaction to hers, and successors, by warrant under his or their lign manual, be made to the to order payment to be made out of the rents of the said an- ja^Kof Brea* aexed estates, of the aforesaid sum of three hundred and nine- difference teen pounds, nine shillings, three pence, and one sixth part of of value in the*a'penny, unto the said John earl of Breadalbaney his heirs, and land* ex-assigns, to compleat (with the aforesaid lands of Fernan and Lix) changed, the price or value of the parts and portions of the estate of so to be exchanged as aforesaid.

V. Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies poli- Reftrvation tick and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, successors, execu- of right*, fprp, and administrators, (other than and except the King's

rtflft Excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and the said

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 34. [1765.

John carl of Breaialbane, his heirs, and successors) all such estates, rights, titles, interests, claims, and demands, of, in, to, and out of, the lands and premises to be exchanged as aforesaid, as they, every or any of them, had before passing this act, or Should or might have had and enjoyed, in case this act had never been made.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for widening several streets, lanes, ways, and passages, within the city of Bristol, and for opening several new streets and passages within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the poweo.of the several acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the streets, and other places, within the said city, and liberties thereof.

[Preamble.]

Corporation impowered to widen certain streets, and lay put others; and to treat ftr purchase of premisses. Bodies politick, &c. impowered to sell and convey. If any refute to treat and fell, or cannot make a title $ the same to be settled by a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Witnesses may be examined on oath. Proceedings to be void, in case corporation omit to pay sums awarded within 3 months, or justices neglect tp summon a jury. On payment of purchase-money, premisses to be conveyed. Mortgagees refuting to take in their mortgage-money, the (amt to be paid into the chamber of the city of Bristol. Receipts to be regtf-tered. Premisses thereupon vetted in the corporation. On application of persons interested, purchase-money to be placed out at interest. Mesne profits recoverable. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage-money and interest, to convey. Tenants to quit on notice given: on re-fnfal, sheriffs, to deliver poftflion. Penalty on sheriffs, &c. not doing their duty. Money payable to bodies corporate. Sec. to be re-invested in ptir-chale of other estates. St. Leonard's church, Sec. to be taken down. Corporation may fell overplus lands. Corporation may contrail for puchase of the premisses here mentioned. Width of the shamblea, Scc. Trustees to fell overplus ground. St. Peter's cross and pump to be removed: Persons liable to repair the same, are to repair the new. Lamps to be kept lighted from fun letting to fun riting. Contrails to be made yearly for lighting, and cleansing, the streets. See. Parish officers may prosecute for breach of contrail; except, See. Contrails not liable to stamp duty. Parish officers not to have any concern in contrails. On death or collators, executors to account. Distress may be followed. Rates may be apportioned Arrears may be levied; but former collector, &c.not thereby indemnified. Limitation of appeal. Paving to be under the in-spellion of the surveyors of the highways; subject to the direHion of the mayor. Sec. Surveyors may cause gouts or sewers to be altered, ire. Expence thereof how to be defrayed. Houses unoccupied, how to be charged. Regulation respecting streets made since 12 Geo. 2. Carriage of goods limited. Exceptions. Power to prevent annoyances. Form of conviction. Penalty on persons interrupting the passage through the streets, See. No materials to be worked up on the banks of the Froome, without leave. Power to regulate liens, Scc. and alter spouts, See. Spouts, Scc. of publick buildings, by whom to be regulated. Upon presentment of houses, Sec. being in a ruinous condition, corporation to order them to be inclosed; owners to pay the charges. Houses rebuilt, not to projell beyond the story posts; and to have party walls. Application of penalties and forfeitures. Orders not to be ouafned for want of form, nor removable by Certiorari. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Penalties may be mitigated. Limitation of altioiu. General issue. Treble cells. Publick all.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 35.

lit

CAP. XXXV. hi m3 to continue an act made in the thirty feconi year of his lete majesty King George the Second, for continuing, mending, explaining, and making more effectual, an oSf node in the nineteenth year of his said Majesty, more QeBually to prevent the frauds and abuses committed ib \ie admeasurement of coals, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and other places therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the lows herein after-mentioned which have, by

If experience, been found useful and beneficial\ are near expiring: it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may --ded; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent r, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af-

and by the authority of the same, That so much of an So much of in the nineteenth year of his late majesty King George the9

intituled An act more effectually to prevent the frauds and s committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and Of of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster f thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex, which was mtinue in force from the twenty fourth day of September, thousand seven hundred and forty six, for three years; which, by three subsequent acts made in the twenty third, sixth, and thirty second years of his said Majesty, was continued to the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of |ben next session of parliament; as was not altered by an as made n the thirty second year of his said Majesty, intituled,

'mB ftr ntinuing, amending, explaining, and making more ef- 32 \ an act made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's intituled An act more effectually to prevent the frauds bofes committed in the admeasurement of coals within the tod liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of IJfar adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the pa-af Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesexj life the said last mentioned alt; which were to continue in together with to the said twenty fourth of June, one thousand seven hun- the last men-and fixtjjftx, and from thence to the end of the then next*

of pari [lament, ftull be, and the same are hereby further ltd, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth+Junc^ ijfa f-JSwr, one thouund seven hundred and eighty, and from tQ the end of the then next session of parliament.

tU

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 3

CAP. XXXVI.

1*7*

[Preamble.]

Penalty on cutting down! spoil in g, carrying away, &c* ta the night-time, any oak or other timber trees;

or roots, Jhrubs, or plants, of 5 s. value, in any garden, nur-lery, or indef-ed ground; is felony.

Court impowered to transport the offender for 7 years i

The aiders and abettors therein.

An act for encouraging the cultivationf and for the better preservation, of trees, roots, plants, and shrubs.

WHEREAS divers persons have, of late years, wilfully and maltciously cut down, barked, or otherwise defrayed, timber trees, and trees Jlanding for9 and likely to become, timer, growing as well in the several for efts, chases, and other open grounds, as in the woods, and plantations, and inclosed grounds, within this kingdom; to the great detriment of the owners of such trees, and to the discouragement of planting in general, Jo beneficial to Great Britain: and whereas the disposition of nursery men to improvements in plants ing and gardening, through Great Britain, is also of great use to the publick; and many nursery men, gardeners, and others, have collided and cultivated, at great expence, roots, shrubs, and plants, of every country, and imported, cultivated, and exported, great quantities thereof, and do thereby support themselves and many others of his Majests subjects: and whereas many evil-disposed persons, well knowing the value of such roots, Jhrubs, and plants, have, of late years, frequently entered into nurseries, gardens, and other inclosed grounds in general, and of the nursery men and gardeners in particular, and have dug up, taken, or carried away, out of such nurseries, gardens, and grounds, roots, Jhrubs, and plants, and likewise defrayed others on the spot, to a very considerable value: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritijal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the second day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, all and every person and persons who shall, in the night-time, lop, top, cut down, break, throw down, bark, burn, or otherwise spoil or destroy, or carry away, any oak, beach, ash, elm, fir, chesnut, or afp, timber tree, or other tree or trees (landing for timber, or likely to become timber, without the consent of the owner or owners thereof first had and obtained; or shall, in the night-time, pluck up, dig up, break, spoil, or destroy, or carry away, any root, shrub, or plant, roots, shrubs, or plants, of the value of five shillings, and which shall be growing, (landing, or being, in the garden ground, nursery ground, or other inclosed ground, of any person or persons whomsoever; shall be deemed and construed to be guilty of felony; and every such person or persons shall be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cases of felony; and the court, by and befdft whom such person or persons shall be tried, shall, and herebyTiave authority to transport such person or persons, for the space of seven years, to any of his Majesty's plantations in America, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and Statutes of this realm: and all and every person and persons who shall be wilfully aiding, abetting, or assistant, in (Qc(i cutting down, breaking, throwing down, barking,tum-

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 37. 183

ing, or otherwise spoiling or destroying, or carrying away, any such oak, beach, ash, elm, fir, chesnut, or afp, timber tree, or a"d P*"* other tree or trees (landing for timber, or likely to become tim- orrecdJefach ber, as aforesaid j or in such plucking up, digging up, cutting, r0ot», flirubs, braking, spoiling, or destroying, or carrying away, such root, or plants, shrub, or plant, roots, shrubs, or plants, as aforesaid, of the knowing the value aforesaid} or who shall buy or receive such root, shrub, or plant, roots, shrubs, or plants, of the value aforesaid, know. at, ie to like*ing the lame to be stolen shall be subject and liable to the same ponithment,

Einishment, as if he, she, or they, had stolen the same; any a* thfy had w to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 9the

CAP. XXXVII.

Ah to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act

made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mischiefs that may happen by fire, within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

WHEREAS so much of the ait passed in the fourth year ^Preamble, re-YV the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, in- Clt, "£ tided. An act for the better regulating of buildings, and to matt.4Gco' 3. prevent mischiefs that may happen by fire, within the weekly

Mils bf mortality, and other places therein mentioned, as relates to pulling down or rebuilding of partitions or party walls be-tioetn house and house, enaJls, That so much of the act of parliament node in the eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King George he First, as relates to party walls within the said city and liberty of Westminster, or any parish, precinit, or place, comprized within the welly bills of mortality, or within the several parishes of Saint Vlaiy le Bone and Paddington, or within the parishes of Chelsea md Saint Pancras, or either of them, in the county of Middlesexexcept the city of London and the liberties thereof and also except fbe party walls of houses on she river of Thames below bridge) tnndd, from and after the pa fling of the said 'act of the fourth year f the reign of his present Majesty, extend, and be construed, deemed\ md taken to extend, to all cases whatsoever within the said city and iberty of Westminster, and the several parishes, precincts, and limits aforesaid, where it is or Should be necessary to pull down and rebuild tny party wall, whether either of the adjoining houses Should or Should tot bo, or require to be rebuilt, or new built: and that from and af-or the passing of the said last mentioned atl, in case the major part f the workmen appointed in manner prescribed by the said at7, made mi passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King Scorge the First, to view the party wall of any house or houses, within the said city of Westminster, and the several parishes* pre-infis, and limits aforesaid, intended to be pulled down, Should not,

'within the % space of one calendar month next after such appointment, fgn a certificate in writing as by the said last mentioned all is re-fuirei, then, and in every such case, it Should and might be laws 1 f for (try two or mm of his Majesty's justices of the-peace

V is re±

awfuljM

i8. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 37. [1765.

city or county, residing within or near the parish, liberty, or precinct, where the house or houses, having such party wall or wads intended to be pulled down, Should /land; and such two or more justices wen thereby authorized and required, upon such application to them for that purpose made by the owner or occupier of either of the boufit between which the party wall so proposed to be pulled down Should be, to name and appoint one other able workman to be added to the workmen appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said act of the eleventh of George the First\ and the workmen so appointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said la/l- mentioned act, and of the said act of the fourth of his present Majesty, or the major part of them, who Should meet for that purpose (ten days notice having been given to, or left at the dwelling-house of each and every of them, of such intended meeting) Should view the party wall Jo proposed to be pulled down: and in case the major part of such workmen Should certify in writing, under their hands, that such party wall was defective and bad, and ought to be pulled down; then, and in such case, it Should and might be lawful to and for the owner or occupier of either of the said adjoining houfts to cause such party wall to be pulled down and, rebuilt; and he or she Should have such remedy for recovering a moiety of the expences thereof, as in and by the said act of the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the First, was given or provided; Subject nevertheless to such appeal to, and determination by, the juJUcet of the peace, as by the same act was directed: and whereas, notwithstanding the directions of the said recited acts, touching the pulling down ruinous, bad, and defective party walls, wilful and litigious persons may endeavour to prevent the same being done, by opposing the entry of the first builder into the house which adjoins to such party wall, in order to the flooring up the same, for the purpose of taking down the said party wall; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Where, upon parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That*copy of a from and after the passing of this act, when the major part of IWered^that a wor^mcn have certified in writing under their hands, party wallU*as aforesaid, that the party wall of any house or houses within defective, and the said city and liberty or Westminster, and the several parishes, ought to be precincts, and limits aforesaid, is defective and bad, and ought admiuance11* to^Pu^cc* down*then, and in every such case; if any owner shall be refused or occupier of either of the houses adjoining to such party wall into the ad* shall, upon notice given of such certificate as aforesaid, by defining houses, Jivering to him or her a copy thereof, or leaving the same at the

to shore up the same,

or pull down such wall 1

the justice, fore whom

place of his or her abode, refuse admittance to any builder or builders, his and their servants or workmen, or other persons employed, to shore up such houses, or to pull down such party wall; then, upon oath made by such builder or builders, his and their servants or workman, or other persons employed for the purposes aforesaid, of the service of the copy of such certifi-in manner aforesaid, and of such refusal, before one or >rp justice or justices of the peace for the said county, city, or ty, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices

before

the dhate.

w

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 37. 185

before whom such oath or oaths shall be made, and they are complaint of hereby required, by warrant or warrants under his or their ^11 be made [lands and seals, to authorize, and impower such builder ormaygranta9builders, his and their servants or workmen, or other persons, warrant of en-in the presence of a constable or other officer of the peace, at try, &c. my time after the end of fourteen days after a true copy of the Taid warrant shall be left at the house in which such (horing is intended to be, between the hours of eight in the morning and four in the afternoon, to enter into and upon the house adjoining to such party wall, for the purpose of (horing up such house, and pulling down such party wall; and if the outer door of such house shall be (hut, and the owner or occupier thereof, or other person therein, shall refuse to open the same, being the reunto demanded, to break open such outer door, and remove any goods, furniture, (helyes, or other matter or thing whatsoever, which shall obstruct the execution of the said works respectively; and from and after such entry as a fore said, it shall and the work-and may be lawful to and for such builder or builders, their "P*11 may servants or workmen, or other persons employed by them, from time to time, to re-enter into and upon the said premises, and Ceed in the abide therein the usual times of work, for the (horing up the execution of said house, and taking down such party wall, and rebuilding the their worlu same: and if any such owner or occupier, or other person or Penalty of persons, shall in any manner obstruct or hinder the execution of obstruaing the said works; every such owner or occupier, or other personthcm# or persons, so offending, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit the sum of five pounds; to be recovered and levied in like manner as the penalties are to be recovered and levied by the said recited a<$t of the fourth year of his present Majesty.

II. Provided always nevertheless, That no builder or build- In^t cafef ers, or his or their workmen, servants, or agents, or other per- entry may not fons, employed to build such party wall, or to shore up such be made by house, shall make any entry by virtue of any such warrant virtue of such from any justice of the peace as aforesaid, unless same generalwarrauU*

or quarter session of the peace for the county, city, or liberty, hath happened, after such certificate and notice thereof, ten days at the least before the signing such warrant by such justice of the peace; nor in case any such certificate shall have been quashed at such general or quarter session.

III. And whereas by the said act of the fourth year of the Clauses in a# reign of his preservt Majesty, it is enacted, That from and af-4Gco* S-ter the three calendar months therein mentioned, no timbers,

except the timbers of the girders and binding joists, and the templets under the same, shall be laid into the party walls erected or built within the said city or liberty of Westminster, and the paristies, precincts, and limits aforesaid; and that no timber of the roof be laid into such party walls, except the

{mrloins or kerb thereof; and that the ends of girders and bind-ng joists, lying within such party walls, shall not exceed nipe inches; and that none of the ends of the girders or bincfoig in adjoining tjoyfes shall meet or be laid oppoiite to <$ch

other -t

i$6*Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 37. [1765.

other; and that the fides thereof shall be at least fourteen inches distant from each other; and that there shall be nine inches at least of foliid brick work left at or between the ends of all lentils, wall-plates, and bond timbers, which may or shall be laid in or upon the walls of the fore and back fronts of all houses which shall adjoin to each other: and whereas it is found by experience, that the several rules, regulations, and directions, herein before recited, are inconvenient, and no Regulations to means of preventing the spreading of fire; be it therefore beobferred enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That front with respea to and after the passing of this act, no timbers, except the tint-im^party " ^>ers the girders, binding joists, and the templets under walls j7 the same, and necessary bond timbers, shall be hud into the party walls erected or built, or to be erected or built, according to the directions of the said recited act of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, within the said city or liberty of We} \minster, and the parishes, precincts, and limits aforesaid; and, that no timbers of the roof belaid into such party walls, except the purloins or kerb thereof; and that the ends of girders, and binding joists, lying within such party walls, shall not exceed nine inches; and that none of the ends of the girders, or binding joists, in adjoining houses, shall meet, or be laid opposite to each other; and that the fides thereof shall be at least nine ioches distant from each other; and that there shall be nine inches at least of solid brick work at or between the ends and fides of all bond timbers; any law, Statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise Penalty on notwithstanding: and that if any head builder, master brick-builder, &c. layer, or workman, shall offend contrary to the true intent and not complying meaning of this present act, he shall be liable to all the penal-wkh the said ties contained and comprized in the said recited act of the regulations. fourth year of hi, present Majesty, to be sued for and recovered in manner in the said act mentioned and declared.

Provision, with

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after any respea to a house or other building is erested, any person who shall build next ^joining thereto, and make use of the party wall thereof, use oTparty for laying in the timbers, or for any other purpose whatsoever, walls by shall pay to the person or persons who hath the property in such adjoining wall, one half of the value of such wall, or of so much thereof houses. as such person> who shall build next adjoining thereto, shall make use of, according to such price for each rod thereof, as shall be estimated and determined by two indifferent persons, one to be chosen by each party; and in case they differ in opinion thereabout, then the same to be referred to one indifferent person, to be chosen by such arbitrators; and which value, when so estimated and determined, shall be recovered and recoverable in like manner as the price of party walls is directed to be recovered by the said recited act of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majestjr.

Clause in aft V, And whereas by the said recited act of the fourth year of his Geo. j. present Majesty, a penalty of fifty pounds is infitfled upon the bead

fuilder9

187

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 37;

builder, master bricklayer, workmen, neglect to build

every house thereafter to be built, according to the directions of the said recited act, gne moiety thereof to be pend to the informer, the

ether moiety to the poor of the parish wherein such building shall be erected; yfaA penalty and penalties to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, suit, or information, in any of his Majestfs courts of record at Westminster: and whereas, since the passing of the said recited act, there has been a very great increase of buildings within the limits aforesaid\ and man* of the houses so built, are not in every respect built according to the directions of the said recited act\ whereby toe several owners and head builders thereof have incurred the said penalties, and several persons are informed against, and now under frofecution for the same: and whereas, after conviction of persons for the said offences, and payment of the penalties inflicted by the said act, the parties so offending may nevertheless faffer the defects in such houses to remain, instead of amending the same, and thereby in great eneafurefrustrate tie intent proposed by toe said act, for preventing mischiefs from fire: and whereas the said first owners, bead builders, or workmen, of such houses so irregularly built, are wilting and de- ftrous to make good the said desects, whereby the intent of the said act would be fully answerea, provided they may be exempted from the penalties already incurred thereby; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, bill, plaint, suit, or information, Clauselbr exit and are now depending in any of his Majesty's courts of re- cmPt"X. UP-cord at Westminster, or before any of his Majesty's justices the peace, against any such first owner, head builder, or work- first owners man, for not having built such house or houses conformable to and others the directions of the said recited adfc; it shall and may be law- P* ful for the court where the same shall be respectively brought, curred and such court is hereby required, authorized, and impowered, not hanog on the application of such defendant or defendants, to make a built con-rule for the plaintiff or informer, in such action, bill, suit, or information, to set forth the particular defect or irregu- act

larity complained of in the building such house or houses; and of* Geo. if such defendant or defendants lnall thereupon enter into an agreement for making good the irregularities and defects so complained of, and rendering the building of such houses conformable to the direction of the said recited z&, within a certain time to be specified in such agreement, and shall be desirous that such agreement Should be made a rule of any of his Majesty's courts of record; that then, such agreement being so made, shall and may, upon producing an affidavit of the execution thereof by the witnesses thereunto, or any of them, in the court of which the same is agreed to be made a rule, and reading and filing the said affidavit in court, be entered of record in such court; and a rule shall thereupon be made by such court, that such defendant or defendants shall, within a certain time to be limited and specified in such rule, make good the defects and irregularities complained of, and render the building of such house or houses conformable to the direction of the said recited |St 5 and that such defendant or defendants shall moreover pay

188

Upon conforming to the regulations of the ad, and the defects complained of being made good,

Defendant to be discharged from the penalties.

This act not to extend to the indemnification of persons, against whom final judgement nas already been given.

from and after i June, 1766, head buildet*. See. acting contrary to the directions of the former or present act, are made liable not only to the penalties incurred, but to make good the defects and irregularities of* which they shall he con-vi&edj

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 37. 11765.

such costs as the said court shall direct and award; and also it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace, before whom any information or informations as aforesaid is or are now depending, and such justice and justices of the peace are hereby required, authorized, and impowered, on the application of any (irft owner, head builder, or workman, against whom such information or informations shall be given and laid, to accept and receive such agreement to make good the defects and irregularities complained of, and to render the buildings of such houses conformable to the directions of the said recited act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for, and such court and justices of the peace is and are hereby required, authorized, and impowered, on such first owner, head builder, or workman, making appear to them respectively, that the defects and irregularities complained of are made good, and the building of such house or houses rendered conformable to the direction of the said recited act, according to his or their agreement entered into for that purpose, to indemnify, free, and discharge, every such defendant and defendants, of, from, and against, all penalties and for* feitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of not having originally built such party walls pursuant to the directions of the said act, or for or by reason of any other defect or irregularity, whereby such houses are otherwise built than pursuant to such directions; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any person against whom final judgement shall have been given in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having neglected to make such party walls, or, in any other respect, to build such houses pursuant to the directions of the said act of the fourth year of his present Majesty.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any head builder or master bricklayer shall, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, ered or build, or cause to be erected and built, any house or houses within the said city or liberty of Westminster, and the parishes, precincts, and limits aforesaid, contrary to the directions of the said recited act, or of this present act; then every such head builder or master bricklayer shall not only pay the penalties whereof he or they shall be convicted, but also shall, within the space of six months next after his or their being convicted of such offence in manner by the said recited act prescribed, make good all such defects and irregularities whereof he or they shall have been so convicted, and render the building of such house or houses conformable to the directions of the said recited act, or of this present act: and in case such head builder or mailer bricklayer shall not, within six months after

fuel*

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 37.- 189

itch conviction, have made good such defers and irregularities, and rendered the building of such houses conformable to the directions of the said recited act, or of this present act; and if they then, every such head builder, master bricklayer, or workman,

shall forfeit the further sum of fifty pounds, to be applied as doTngthey aforesaid, and to be likewise levied and recovered in manner as forfeit more-by the said recited act is directed, and so toties quoties, for every over 50l. &c.

Gx months that such defects and irregularities shall continue, and such house or houses remain built otherwise than conformable to the directions of the said recited act, or of this present act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Workman That if any workman or servant to such head builder or master taking on bricklayer, shall wilfully, carelesly, or negligently, and with- himfdf to act out the direction, privity, or consent, of such head builder JP1^ISafont or master bricklayer, do any thing toward the building of such Of recked house or houses, contrary to the directions of the said recited act, or present act, or of this present act, every such workman or servant so offend- forfeits 5l. ing, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be paid to the informer; and if the same shall not be paid immediately upon his being convicted of such offence before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said. county of Middlesex, or for the city and liberty of WestminJiir,

upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) or upon his own confession; then the of- and if not fender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or justices, be committed to the house of correction for the Sccomrakted (pace of three months, without bail or mainprize, unless the for 3 months, said penalty shall be sooner paid.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitations of That if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, oractions and information given to any of his Majesty's justices of the peace informations for the said county of Middlesex, or city or liberty of Westmin- and JUr, against any person or persons, for any thing done by any builders, first owner, head builder, or head workman, contrary to the % true intent and meaning of the said recited ^Cts passed in the

sixth and seventh years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or of this act, such action, suit, or inr formation, shall be laid or brought within three months next after the fast done, and not afterwards.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, actions against against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance Perli)n8

p? the said recited act of the fourth year of his present Majesty, (JJ^frfoance Of of this act, such action or suit shall be laid or brought within of act4 Geo. 3. six months next after the fast done, and not afterwards; and or of this act, shall be laid or brought in the county or place where the fast jrss committed, and not elfcwhqre; ?nd the defendant or de-6'fendants

igo Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 38.

[1765, '

[General issue.]

fen da nt* in such action may plead the general Hliie, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be - had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and 1 by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to

have been so done, or if any action or suit shall not be brought within the time before limited, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a difcdntinuance of his or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall paTs against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the said

Treble cost*. defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or de- fendants hath or have for costs in any other cases by law.

Pabfick aft.*XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ail far rtpfHng the several duties houses, windows, and tights; and far granting to his other duties upon houses, windows, and

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS fiver at rotes and duties were granted apart bauses, and windows, or, by an off of parliament

in the twentieth year of the reign of his late King George

Aftso Geo. *. Second, intituled An act for repealing the several rates and

duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and alfi by an all made in the thirty ftrjl year of the Act 31 Geo. a. reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for granting ro his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions, and upon houses, and upon' windows, or lights; and for raising the ftim of five millions, by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties: and whereas fiveral further rates and duties were granted upon windows, or lights, by another made in the second year of the reign of his Majesty, intituled An Act a Geo. 3. act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows, or lights: and whereas the said rates and duties do not bear in many respects a proper proportion to each other, and the payment thereof hath been greatly evacted; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do therefore think it will be for the advantage 61 the public to repeal the present rates and duties upon houses, and windows, or lights; and to grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties heron after mentioned, to be applied*-ah

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 191

well to the uses and purposes which the said rates and duties formerly granted are now applicable unto, as to make good to the fund commonly called the sinking fund the payment of*any annuities which lludl be granted, in this present fclfion of parliament, towards raising the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and charged upon such fund; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's more excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present. parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Fromam) affront and after the tenth day of O&obtr, one thousand seven terio October, hundred and sixty six, all the rates and duties upon houses, apd upon windows, or lights, granted by the said three several ^hed J!t* C a efts of parliament, shall cease, determine, and be no longer are to cease; paid, or payable; except only such monies as shall have become (all arrears due in respect of the said rates and duties aftelled at any time on thereof ex-or before the said tenth day of Ofither, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and which shall be in arrear and unpaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and in lieu That from and after the said tenth day of, one thou- thereof the

fend seven hundred and sixty six, there mail be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, the tobepaidt several and respective rates and duties upon houses, and upon windows, or lights, herein after mentioned j that is to say,

For every dwelling-house inhabited, which now is or here- 3«. per annum after shall be eroded within that part of Great Britain, called luTctwafch* England, the yearly sum of three shillings. habited withiw

For every dwelling-house inhabited, which now is or here- England; after shall be eroded within that part of Great Britain calied, and ss. per Seotbmd, the yearly sum of one shilling. annum jorall

And for every window or light, in every dwelling-house in- m 8cot" habited, or to be inhabited, within and throughout the whole JmJ kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain seven windows, Hng-house*or Oghts, and no more, the sum of two pence for each win- throughout dow, or light, in such house. Great Britain,

For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as afore- J1*117 wj" said, which shall contain eight windows, or lights, and no,

more, the yearly sum of six pence for each window, or light, wit'h g win. in such house. do»a, «Leacbr

For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as

aforesaid, which shall contain nine windows, or lights, and no 9101

or, the yearly sum of eight pence for each window, or light, in such house.

For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as ^th 10 — iod, brefeid, which shall contain ten windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly sum of ten pence for each window, or lights h» such house.

For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as with n — itr aforesaid, which shall contain eleven windows, or Tights, and

91 Anno sexto c. 38. [1765.

no more, the yearly sum of one shilling for each window, or light, in such house. with 11 — 1 s. For cvcry window, or light, in every dwelling-house as afore-ad,said, which shall contain twelve windows, or lights, and no

more, the yearly sum of one shilling and two pence for each window, or light, in such house. with 13 — 11. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain thirteen windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly sum of one shilling and four pence for each ' window, or light, in such house.

with 14 to 19 For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as afore- — ss.^d. said? which shall contain fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, or nineteen windows, or lights, and no more, the

irearly sum of one shilling and six pence for each window, or ight, in such house. with to — 1 s. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as afore-7<t said, which shall contain twenty windows, or lights, and no

more, the yearly sum of one shilling and seven pence for each window, or light, in such house. with u — 1s. ^or every w>ndow, or light, in every dwelling-house as afore-ad.*said, which shall contain twenty one windows, or lights, and no

more, the yearly sum of one shilling and eight pence for each window, or light, in such house. with t» — 1 #. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty two windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly sum of one shilling and nine pence for each window, or light, in such house. with 13w.1l. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as afore-iod. said, which shall contain twenty three windows, or lights, and

no more, the yearly sum of one shilling and ten pence for each window, or light, in such house. with 14 — 11. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as afore-11 d. said, which shall contain twenty four windows, or lights, and

no more, the yearly sum of one shilling and eleven pence for each window, or light, in such house. with 15 or And for every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as upwards, is. aforesaid, w^ich shall contain twenty five windows, or lights, or each. upwards, the yearly sum of two shillings for each window, or

light, in every such house.

Window tax to be paid, over and*' above the duties on houses.

Houses in Scotland, with not more than &Pind(Mfs,

exempted from the duty

III. Provided nevertheless, and it is the true intent and meaning of this act, That the said several and respective yearly sums herein before charged upon every window, or light, contained in every such dwelling-house as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above the said respective duties of three shillings, and one shilling, upon houses before mentioned.

IV. Provided always, That no house or cottage in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that has not more than five windows, or lights, shall pay, or be liable to pay, the duty «£ one shilling imposed on each house by this present act.

oq houses,

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 193

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Rate* made aforesaid, That if any rate or assessment hath been or shall

made in pursuance of the said former acts, or any of them, for^rclucft of raising all or any of the rates and duties thereby granted upon any timeaf-houses, windows, or lights, for and in respect of the quarter, terloO&ober, half year, or any other time, after the said tenth day of October, 1766> one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; every such rate or assessment, so far as the same relates to the raising such rates and are declared duties in respect of such quarter, half year, or other term, after nu*the said tenth day of October, shall be null and void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Rates to be That the rates and duties by this act granted shall be paid quar- paid quarter-terly, at the four moll usual days of payment in the year; that

is to say. On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made upon the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, These rates That the said several rates and duties by this act imposed, and and duties, also the arrears of the rates and duties granted by the said for-

mer acts, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, into his tobe patd into Majesty's exchequer for the purposes in this act expressed, in the exchequer, such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, according to and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and ac- tbVu-fei^c* cording to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed*rc cn m or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties on houses, and windows, or lights, in and by the said acts of parliament made in the said twentieth and thirty first a0» 3* years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and in the second Oe0'" year of the reign of his present Majesty, and in and by one other» Geo. j. act of parliament made in the twentieth year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enforce the execution of an acto Geo. a, of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty several rates and du-ies upon houses, windows, or lights; and in and by an act

parliament made in the twenty first year of his said late Ma- andu Geo. a* jesty's reign, intituled An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of, an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, direc- Powers, See. tiens, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, now of the recited in force, and not hereby altered, contained in the said five fe- a<^s extended veral acts of parliament, or any of them, for the raising, levy- to ing, collecting, and paying, the rates and duties thereby granted* shall be in full force, and be du^y observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the several ratps.and duties upon houses, and upon windows, or lights, by Vol. XXVII. O this

i£4

Comraiflion-

er* for the

this act, on or before n Oct. 1766.

Separate af-

turned by 13 Dec. 1766.

Surveyors to certify their

mitred as formerly.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1765.

this act granted, as effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same, or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of authorized for putting in execution the recited acts to five former uCts, or any of them, for all and every the re-exrrntion of fpc&»ve counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within Great Britain, shall meet together at the most usual and common place of meeting within such counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within Great Britain, on or before the eleventh day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty lix \ and mall then divide themselves to act in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting, the duties hereby granted, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as are prescribed by the said five former acts, or any of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby imposed, except such parts only of the said acts5 are hereby altered.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the (edmentstobe authority aforesaid, That separate assessments shall be made out, made out for for rajf, ng the duties hereby imposed, from the said tenth day and m be «r- October, one thoqfand seven hundred and sixty six, to the tihed and re- sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven^which assessments shall be certified by the assessors, and returned by them to the said of on or before the third day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and that the surveyors of the said duties shall and may, on or before tb^ball^ear's l^e twent, et^ day of February, one thousand seven hundred and afoffment^by ^xtY seven* certify their surcharges, for raising the said duties ao Ftb. 1767. for the said half year, to the said of; and that all Appeals to be appeals, in respect to the said half year's assessments, shall ^nd {'-dbet.eeo may heard and determined between the sixth day of March % Aprn*jC 1767* one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and the fourth Duplicates of day of April following; and that the said of shall theaffrflYnents cause true duplicates of the said assessments, for the said half to be trani- year, to be made out, delivered, and transmitted, in such manner as is directed by any of the said former acts with respect to the duplicates of the assessments therein mentioned; and that i^6Cr ^rom and a^er day April, one thousand seven hun-

feVta ents tobe dred and sixty seven, the duties hereby granted shall be assessed made for the annually for one whole year, to commence from the fifth day whole, year of April in each year.

Moni«arising X- £"*ube it fimlier enacted by the authority aforesaid, by the former That all the monies which shall have an fen by the rates and rates tobeap-duties granted by the Taid former acts, upon houses, and win-plied as the dows, or lights, and shall be paid into the receipt of the expresent. chequer, after the said tenth day of Qflobtr, one thousand seven hundred

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 38; 195

hundred and sixty six, shall be applied in such manner as the rates and duties hereby granted are directed to be applied.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 9*485 f> $d.

That from and after the said tenth day of October, one thou - 3q- tobeyeir^ sand seven hundred and sixty six, there shall be reserved andfetou[o?the said apart, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and applied to ratet, to the the fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, out sinking fund-, of the rates and duties hereby granted, the yearly sum of ninety th0

one thousand four hundred and eighty five pounds, and fix thTreout pence, three farthings, in lieu of the like yearly sum, which by by virtue of the said first mentioned act, made in the twentieth year of his act ao Geo. i, said late Majesty's reign, was directed to be set apart and applied, in like manner, ouf of the rates and duties thereby granted, towards paying the several annuities, and other payments.

Charged on the said fund, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

XII. And whereas the rates and duties upon houses and windows, rr lights, granted by the said act made in the thirty fir (I year of the 'iign of his said late Majesty, were together with certain other du-ieSj made a fund for payment of the annuities thereby established; it i therefore necessary that part of the rates and duties by this act \ranted, Should be applied towar ds payment of the said annuities, inten of the said rates and duties; be it therefore enacted by the au- 91, 117l. tof.' honty aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth day ofd\*JK*

October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the yearly annuaHyC«t urn of ninety three thousand two hundred and seventeen pounds, the exchequer en shillings, one penny, and one sixth part of a penny, being out of the said he amount of the annual produce of the said rates and duties, Jatcs».ipon a medium of six years last past, shall be also reserved and ing the ^n-^" et apart at the said receipt of the exchequer, out of the rates nuities efta-nd duties hereby granted, and shall be applied towards paying blished by ad he annuities established by the said act. 3*

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Surplus roo-fhat the residue of the produce of the said rates and duties shall ^ed^nto the^ e carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The sinking fund. nking fund, in lieu of such part of the rates and duties hereby spealed, as are applicable to such fund; and also towards mak-ig good to the same fund, the payment of such annuities as lallbe charged thereupon by any act of this session of parlia- icnt.

XIV. And whereas a certain annuity or yearly sum of seventy four oufamd three hundred and thirty four pounds, and eleven pence, was oat payable to the South Sea company, out of certain rates and duties >on tends, culm, and cinders, and upon certain former duties upon nfis; which lafi mentioned dut ies were repealed by the said act made tie twentieth year of his said late Majesty's reign, and it was oreti provided^ That if the said duties upon coals, culm, and cinders, ndabe at any time deficient to pay the said annuity, that such delate} Should be made good out of the rates and duties thereby granted, d ly. this' aft repealed; be it therefore enacted by the authority Treasury to'(ffttidi That if the monies arising into the said receipt of ex- make good oat

O 2 chequer ot

1

19$ Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. [1765.

inj fund, any chequer of or for the said duties upon coals, culm, and cinders, {JJjg of shall, at any time or times, from and after the said tenth day of onawl/culm, October, be deficient to answer to the said South Sea company and cinders, such monies as shall be payable in respect of the said annuity or after 10 O&o- yearly sum; in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the ber, to pay of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more I du^to th/ lhem, now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or South Sea more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, company. and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to cause such deficiencies to be made good out of the said fund commonly called The sinking fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pav, all such monies as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be, sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the General issue. general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; then such defendant or defendants shall have Treble costs, treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to U charged on the sinking fund.

[Preamble.]

The sum of 1, 500, 0001.

framed i to e raised, viz. 900, 0001. thereof by annuities, and 600, 0001. by a lottery.

Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank.

Most gracious Sovereign, I

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assemblec^to- I wards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised in manner followings that is to say. The sum of nine hundred thousand pounds by annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum; and the sum of six hundred thousand pounds by a lottery, to consist of sixty thousand tickets, every blank to be of the value of six pounds; the blanks and prizes to be attended with the like three pounds per centum annuities, in such manner and form as are herein after appointed; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, ' by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for or towards raising the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, it shall and may be lawful to and for all persons, natives or foreigners,

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. 197

and bodies politick or corporate, who, in pursuance of have subscrib-the said resolution, shall have, on or before the eighth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, in books open- 9^o>000l. ed at the bank of England for that purpose, tubscribed and agreed*tG contribute to the payment of the said sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, and in pursuance of the said resolution deposited with, or paid to, the caftlier or cashiers of the governor o^theiTfub"*and company of the bank of England, for the time being, the scription-mo-sum of fifteen pounds per centum, in part of the sums by them ney, Tubscribed respectively, towards raising the said sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, to advance and pay, and they, or their executors, administrators, successors, and aflsigns, are hereby required to advance, and pay to the said caftlier or caftliers are to pay the (who is and are hereby appointed the receiver or receivers, as remainder as well of such contributions, as of the contributions upon account herein direct-of the said lottery, without any further or other warrant to be c<*« sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf) the remainder of the several sums so subscribed towards the said sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, on or before the respective days, and in the proportions herein after limited.

II. And, for raising the said sum of six hundred thousand The said teon-pounds by way of lottery, be it further enacted by the authoril?uItr# riiy aforesaid, That the contributors to the said sum of nine every* 60l. so hundred thousand pounds, who shall have made such deposit as subscribed, to aforesaid, or the executors, administrators, successors, orassigns, tickets io of such contributors, shall, for every sixty pounds so subscribed the lQt^ry» and agreed to be contributed towards the said last mentioned

sum, be respectively intitled to four tickets in such lottery, upon payment of ten pounds for each ticket, on or before the respect paying 101. tive days, and in the proportions herein also after apointed. for each tickst.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Remainder of That the contributors, or the executors, administrators, fuc- the subserip-ceflors, or assigns, of such contributors, who shall have made tiens towards such deposit as aforesaid of fifteen pounds per centum, in part of n^tle^ro^e the sums by therri Severally subscribed, as a security for making pa; (j. v\z, their future payments towards the said sum of nine hundred thousand pounas, shall make the same accordingly on or before

the respective days, and in the proportions following; that is to say. The further sum of ten pounds per centum per annum, be-ol. per cent, ing part of the sum so remaining, on or before the ninth day of June» June*, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; the further 17 5

sum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before, 0b P*r cent, the fifteenth day of July then next following; the further fumbyi*Julyi of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of August then next following; the further sum y 5 s 5 of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before*1, Pfrccnt* the fifteenth day of September then next following; the further >5ScPr*

film of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or be- J5l. percent, fore the fifteenth day of October then next following; and the by 150ft.and remaining sum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the*! percent, fifteenth day of November then next following j and that the* NoVf

0 3 monies

19. Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39: ^1765.

Subscriptions monies to be paid by the said contributors, or their executors, tobei>aidery ^ministrators, successors, or assigns, towards raising the said viz. P*sum of six hundred thousand pounds by way of lottery, shall be paid to the said cashier or ealhiers on or before the respective days, and in the proportions following; that is to say. The % per cent, fun* of twenty five poundsdrr centum of such monies, on or be-by 40 June; fore the twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and 45l. per cent, sixty six; the further sum of thirty five pounds per centum^ other by 15 July 5 part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of July then next 40I percent f°^ow*ng > and the remaining sum of forty pounds per centum, by i/sept.*on or before the fifteenth day of September then next following. Subscribers to

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said sum the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, admini-of £00, 0001. strators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the said sum of jumuity of a*l nine hundred thousand pounds, shall be intitled to an annuity per cent. 3 afterhe rate three pounds per centum per annumy for and upon every one hundred pounds by them respectively subscribed, advanced, and paid, towards the said sum, redeemable by parliament; which annuity shall commence and be computed from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and that the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds, to The6oo, «ool. be raised by the said lottery, shall carry an annuity after the rate a^otte^to^ t^rec Pounc*s Per centum p^r annum^redeemable by parliament \

carry an m- ar^mentioned annuity shall commence and be com-rest of 31. puted from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hun-percent. dred and sixty seven; and all the said annuities shall, from their to commence respe6hve commencements, be paid by half yearly pay-San* ments, in even and equaljportions, on the fifth day of July, and Interest on the fifth day of January, in every year, both sums to be paid half yearly, oil 5 July, & 5 January.

Subscribers V. And ^11 farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That paying the all such subscribers or contributors, their executors, ad mini lira-whole of their tors, successors, and assigns, paying in the whole of the sums by subscriptions them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, on or before the thirteenth day of Gtfa-ber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; or paying in the whole of the respective sums to be by them paid towards the said lottery, on or before the fourteenth day of July next § shall be allowed an interest, by way of discount, after the rate of three lottery, on or pounds per centum per annum, on the monies so paid for com-to bellowed pleating their contributions respectively, to be computed from interest, by the day of compleating the same, to the fifteenth day of Ne-way of dif- vember> one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, in respect of count, for the the monies so paid for compleating such contributions to the lame. said sum of nine hundred thousand pounds; and to the fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, in respect of the monies so paid for compleating such contributions to the said lottery; which allowances shall be paid by the said cashier or ealhiers out of the monies so contributed reipedHvdv, as soon as such subscribers or contributors, their executors, acU. ministrators, fucccflprs, or assigns, shall have compleated such

Interest to commence from 5 Jan 1766.

towards the annnities on or before 13 October,

and to the

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. 199

respective payments 5 and that all the contributors towards the said lottery, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, Tickets for paying in the whole of the money to be by them respectively the lottery to contributed towards the said sum ot six hundred thousand pounds, be ddivered shall have lottery tickets delivered to them to the amount of the completing* principal sum so by them paid for the purchase thereof; at the their fuWcrip-rate of ten pounds for each ticket, as soon as such tickets can tiens. conveniently be made out.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Annuities

That all the said annuities shall be transferable at the bank of made trans-England. fcrrable-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Receipts to bt

That the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the fPven for the bank of England, who shall have received or shall receive any the

part of the said contributions towards the said sum of nine hun- said funj of dred thousand pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing 900, 000l.

to every such contributor for all such sums; and that such re- the same are oeipf shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any made trans. time before the fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun- fe|Tabl* dred and sixty six, and no longer.

VIII. Provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall Cashier of the

give security to the gooa liking of any three or more of the com- bank to give missioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time be- kcuntyor ine, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer for the publick use, all the monies which he paying over it they hath or have already received, and shall hereafter receive, the said mo.' rom time to time, of and for the said sum of one million five'n, ", nto lb* sundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the same,cx \ cc, ucr* md for performance of the trust hereby in him and them re-

K>fed; and shall, from time to time, pay all such monies as bon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, ir within five' days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall tccount for the same in, the exchequer, according to the due rourse thereof; deducing the reout such sums as shall have been said by him or them in pursuance of this act; for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Treasury to That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time fCrvjCeS voted sting, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of this session. money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ex-

rhequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall hen have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Name* ofcon« That in the office of the accomptant general of the governor

m

tnd company of the bank of England for the time being a book books to be sr books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of the provided by mntribntors shall be fairly entered; which book or books the the accompt-tid rdjpactive contributors, their respective executors, admini- the SSc-fcnotv fuedeflorsj and assigns, shall and may, from time to 1

O 4 time,

200 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39; [1765.

to be inspected time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and inspect, without gratjs: any fee or charge \ and that the said accomptant general shall.

Duplicates to on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred into the^u- aRd ^xty transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such contributors duly paying their contribution-monies at or before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by

ditor's office of the exchequer.

Contributors, duly paying their contribution monies, intitled to a proportionable share virtue of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy, their proportionable share of the said annuities of three pounds per centum per annum by this act granted, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, subject nevertheless to redemption as is herein after mentioned; and that all the annuities by this act granted, shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions, whatsoever.

XII. Provided always, That in case any such contributors, who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to, the said cashieror cashiers, any sum or Turns of money, at the times and in the manner before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums to be by them respectively contributed or paid towards the said sum of nine hundred thousand pounds, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums so to be contributed or paid, at the times and in the manner before-mentioned; then, and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums as shall have been actual-

of the annuities;

and the same are to be tax-free j

but where the sums Tub. (bribed shall not be duly said.

the deposit,

tec. is forfeit

thC PUb- paid, in part thereof, to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not* withstanding.

Credit to be

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

fiven, in the That as soon as any contributprs, their executors, administra* iook* at the tors, successors, or assigns, shall have compleated their pay-tribiitoVs com mcn, s the whole sum payable by them respectively towards pleating their the ^d of n*ne hundred thousand pounds, the principal payments to fpm or sums so by them subscribed and paid respectively, shall the said sum forthwith be, in thg books of the bank of England, placed to of 900, 000).the crecjjt of such respective contributors, their executors* ad-ipinistrators, successors, and assigns, competing such pay-fersons, to ments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such prin-whose credit cipal fpms shall be so placed, their respective executors, admi-.nistrators, successors, or assigns, shall and may have power to nayaflign the assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion

thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick gf cprpopitp, ^h^tfofver, in tlje books of thp bapk of Jyifkvdi

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39.

and such sums shall carry an annuity after the rate of three the said sums pounds per centum per annum, and shall be taken and deemedto to be (lock transferrable, according to the true intent and mean-^eft^and be ing of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is deemed trans-herein after mentioned. ferrable stock.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Annuities That all the annuities by this act granted and made payable, in charged on respect of the said sum of one million five hundred thousand the jinking pounds, shall, from the respective commencements thereof, befund# charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the monies which shall, from time to time, arise and be in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of or for the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called TheJinkingfund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such (urns of money as have been directed by any former acts of parliament to be paid out of the lame.

XV. And, for establishing a proper method for drawing the said lottery, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, directors of That such persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treafu-'the lottery to ry, or any three or more of them now being, or the high trea- j* VP01"* surer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury trca* for the time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be managers and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to oversee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this act directed and appointed by such managers and directors to be done and performed j and that such managers or directors shall yvfetbod of meet together, from time to time, at same publick office or the lottery place, for the execution of the powers and trusts in them re- books, posed by this act; and that the said managers and directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the major part of them, shall cause books to be prepared, in which every leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three columns; and upon the innermost of the said three columns there shall be printed sixty thousand tickets, to be numbered, one, two, three, and so onwards in an arithmetical progression, where the common excels is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of sixty thousand $ and upon the middle column in every of the said books shall be printed sixty thousand tickets of the same breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the said books there shall be printed a third rank or series of tickets, of the same number with those of the other two columns; which tickets shall severally be of an oblong figure, and in the said books shall be joined with oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, in such manner as the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every ticket in the third or tatreme column of the said books shall have written or printed thereupon {besides the number of such ticket) words to this1

aoa

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39.

LOTTERY, Anno one thousand seven hundred and

sixty six.

THIS Ticket will inti tie the bearer thereof to six pounds, or to a better chance, in annuities, at the rate or three pounds her, established by an act of parliament made in the sixth year of his Majesty's reign, and transferable at the bank of England.

Manager* to

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That the said managers and examine the directors, or so many of them as shall be present at such meet-book.i ing, or the major part of them then present, shall carefully ex-and^eUrer am ne the said- books, with the rickets therein, and take care them after to that the same be contrived, numbered, and made, according to the cashiers of the true intent and meaning of this act; and shall delives; or the bank, uk- cause to be delivered, the same books, and every or any of them, £r tK*- 88 lhey shall be examined, to the cashier or cashiers of the go- vernor and company of the batik of, taking from such

cashier or cashiers an acknowledgement in writing, under his of their hand or hands, importing his or their receipt of such book or books, and lb many tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or them respectively; and all and every such cashier or cashiers respectively is and are hereby directed and required, from time to time, to cut out of the raid book or books so to be put into his or their custody, through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, indentwise, in the said extreme columns, -such tickets as shall be necessary to be delivered to the several persons intitled thereto as aforesaid; which tickets the said cashier or cashiers shall sign with his or their Own name or names5 and he or they shall permit the respective person or persons so intitled, if it be desired, to write his or her name or mark on the corresponding tickets in the same book; and at the same time the said cashier or cashiers shall deliver to such person or persons the ticket so cut off, which he, file, or they, are to keep and: use for the better ascertaining and Securing the interest which; be, (he, or they, his, her, or their executors, administraors, successors, or aiugns, shall or may have in the said annuities. Cashiers to

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, -return the That the said cashier or cashiers, on or before the third day of books with Ofither, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, shall re-de-Aereimiinder iiver to tj, e managers and directors, at their said office of* e.' place of meeting, all the said books, and therein all the ticket* which the said cashier or cashiers shall not have cut out of the same, and delivered to the persons intitled thereto, as afore- laid; and shall then and there also deliver to the said manager* and directors a true and just account in writing, under his of their hand or hands, of all sums of money accrued or come fa the hand* of such cashier or cashiers, by or for the tickets dew livered, or to be delivered, out pursuant to this id, and hot* the same, or how much thereof, shall have been actually pah!

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. 203

by such cashieror caftuers into the receipt of the exchequer for the purposes herein mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the £iid managers Tickets of the tod directors, or the major part of them, which shall be presentddle coat a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the tickets of the mid- roi?ed uo and die columns in the books made out with three columns, as a- fattened with foresaid, which shall be delivered back to them, by or from the silk

said cashier or cadiiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and made fast with thread or (ilk; and the said managers or direct- ?nd cut off ors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their pre-fence, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as marked with will be there, cauie all the said tickets, which are to be so rolled the letter (A) up and made (aft as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwise through tb? said oblique lines, flouristies, or devices, into a box to be prepared for that purpose, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is presently to be put up into another strong box, and to Box to be be locked with feve'n different locks and keys, to be kept by as locked up ta& many of the said managers, and sealed with their seals, or foaled, the seals of same of them, until the said tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the tickets in the first or innermost columns of the said books, shall remain still in the books for discovering any mistake or fraud (if any Should happen to be committed) contrary to the true meaning of this act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Books to be That the said managers and directors, or the major part of prepared with them, which shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, shall1 c?lui?n, £.°? also prepare, or cause to be prepared, other books, in which Z: keti every leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two columns; to be printed* and upon the innermost of those two columns there shall be

girted sixty thousand tickets, and upon the outermost of the id two columns there shall be printed sixty thousand tickets, all which shall be of equal length and breadth, as near as may be; which two columns in the said books shall be joined with same flourish or device, through which the outermost tickets may be cut off indentwise; and that eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five tickets, part of those to be contained in the outermost columns of the books last mentioned, shall be, and be called the fortunate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the said managers, and directors, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following; that is to say. Upon two of them severally ten thousand pounds prin- The number cipal money; upon two of them severally five thousand pounds and value of principal money; upon every one of four of them severally, the fortunate two thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of ten UcKct* of them severally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty of them severally, five hundred pounds principal money 5 upon every one of one hundred of them' severally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one

204 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39/ [1765.

of two hundred and one of them severally, fifty pounds principal money; upon every one of eleven thousand six hundred and six of them severally, twenty pounds principal money: which principal sums, so to be written, or otherwise expressed upon the said fortunate tickets, together with five hundred, pounds principal money, to be allowed to the owner of the first

Irft drawn* drawn ticket, and one thousand pounds principal money to the ticket, and owner of the last drawn ticket, over and above the benefits 10001. to the which may happen to belong to the two last mentioned tickets, and, last drawn, together with the sum of six pounds which shall be paid or allowed for and upon each blank or unfortunate, ticket of the said lottery, will amount in the whole to the principal sum of six hundred thousand pounds, to be converted into annuities by virtue Tickets of the of this act in respect of the said lottery; and the said managers outermoftco- and directors, or the major part of them, who shall be present lumns of the a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said tickets contained t^k^be c<*n outermost columns of the said last mentioned books to rolled up and be, in the presence of the said managers and directors, or the tied, major part of them, which shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with and cut out thread or silk, and carefully cut out indentwise through the said indentwise, flourifli or device, into another box, to be prepared for this pur-int°ic*d°* h P°k* 3nc* to be marked with the letter (B), which box shall be thHetterfB) put into another strong box, and locked up with seven different Box to be locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the said managers, locked up and and sealed up with their seals, or the seals of some of them, unsealed. til these tickets shall also be drawn in the manner and form here-

in after mentioned; and that the whole business of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the said boxes the said tickets, and locking up and foaling the said boxes, shall be performed by the said managers and directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six days immediately preceding the day by Publick no- this act appointed for the drawing the said lottery: and to the tice to be end every person concerned may be well assured that the countergiven of part of the same number with his or her ticket is put into the ting the ncklX)X marked w^b the letter (A) from whence the same may be cts into the*drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby directed, some boxes. publick notification in print shall be given of the precise time or times of putting the said tickets into the said boxes, to the end that such adventurers, as shall be minded to fee the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be-

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, gin drawing*That on or before the seventeenth day of November one thou-on 17 Nov. sand seven hundred and sixty six, the said managers and direc->76$. tors shall cause the said several boxes, with all the tickets there-

in, to be brought into the guildhall of the city of London, so that the same may be there, and placed on 2 table provided fop that purpose, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the same Method to be day 5 a^d shall then and there severally attend this service, and observed in the two box$$ containing tl)e said tickets, to be severally

See,

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. 205

takfen out of the other two boxes, in which they shall have been locked up; and the tickets or lots in the respective innermost boxes being, in the presence of the said managers and directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such adventurers as will be there for the satisfaction of themselves, well (haken and mingled in each box distinctly; some one indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed by the said ma-.nagers, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the said numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent or fit person, to be appointed and directed in like manner, shall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the said eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate, and forty eight thousand and fifty five blank tickets shall be promifcuoufiv put as aforesaid; and immediately both the tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket so drawn with the said blank at the same time drawn, shall both be put upon one file; and if the ticket so drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal sum written upon such fortunate ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the said managers, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this purpose, into a book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the said fortunate.tickets, and the principal sums whereunto they shall be intitled respectively, and two of the said managers shall set their names as witness to such entries; and the said fortunate and numbered tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another file; and so the said drawing of the tickets shall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each xbox, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering the fortunate lots in such method as is before mentioned, until the whole number of eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more for the last drawn as aforesaid, shall be completely drawn; and as the same can- After each not be performed in one day's time, the said managers and di- day'* draw-rectors shall cause the boxes to be locked up and sealed in locked* manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next day, and so from up an4 sealed. day to day, and every day (except Sundays, Christmas-day, thanks-giving and fast days; and then open the same, and proceed as above, till the said whole number of eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more, shall he completely drawn as aforesaid; and afterwards the said numbered tickets so drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong box locked up as aforesaid, and under the custody of the said managers, gntil they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the property thereof.

to6

Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the managers.

Penalty of forging tickets or certificates.

Felony.

Managers to be (Worn.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. [1765.

XXI. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether absent or presenty to what degree they have been so; be it enacted, That the said managers shall, as soon as conveniently may be, after the said drawing is over, cause to be printed and published the number of the tickets drawn against each fortunate ticket, and the principal sum written on the same; and if any contention or dispute shall arise in the adjusting the property of the said fortunate tickets, the major part of the said managers agreeing the rein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this act9 or alter any the number thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, or SialJ bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or cashiers, or accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention; then every such person or persons being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and impowered, to cause any person or persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's gaol of Newgate, or to the common gaol of the county or place where such person or persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said felony according to law.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a manager and director for putting this act in execution, before his acting in such commission, shall take the oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament made in the sixth year of his Majestfs reign, do sweary That I will faithfully execute the trust re-posed in me, and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means9 to obtain a prize or fortunote lot therein^for rnyfelf or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or ftnijier practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will to the bed of my judgement, declare to whom any prize lot, or ticket^ of right does belongs according to the true intent and matting of the fend act.

Which said oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other managers and directors.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. 1207

XXIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to Cashier, on

and for the said cashier or cashiers, having given security as receiving the aforesaid, at any time or times, before such cashier or cashiers Jefidu*£* shall have received any book or books from the said managers,

comprehending the said sixty thousand tickets as aforesaid, in

three columns as aforesaid, to receive from the said contributors, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, the monies to be by them respectively contributed on account of the said lottery at one intire payment, or in such proportions snd manner as aforesaid, before such cashier or cashiert shall have received such book or books; and the said cashier or to given-cashiers shall give a note or receipt under his or their hand or ceipt* for the hands, for the sum or sums so contributed 5 and shall be ob- ^bearers Hged thereby, and by this act, to give the bearer of every such intitl«a toon* note or receipt a ticket or tickets of the extream column of the lottery three columns book or books aforesaid, for every ten pounds so ticket for contributed, paid, or answered, as soon as he or they shall be enabled thereunto, by delivery of any such book or books to u*him or them from the said managers as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, That in case any such contributor as Contributors

aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid down to such not making cashier or cashiers, a proportion of his, her, or their cod- 8°°d their sideration-money, his, her, or their executors, administrators, tb

successors, or assigns, do not advance and pay unto such cashier t|, e ra*w_ or cashiers the remaining part of his, her, or their consideration* tery, within money so to be paid in full for such tickets as aforesaid, on or the time* ti-before the times for paying thereof as aforesaid; that then, and fa* rteirdeT* in every such case, every such contributor shall forfeit and lose pofittf

to his Majesty, for the use of the public, the proportion of his, her, or their purchase-money which he, she, or they, shall have so paid down as aforesaid; and in such case, no ticket or ticketa shall be delivered out by the said cashier or cashiers to such contributor or contributors making such default, but the ticket and tickets which Should have been delivered to such contribute and contributors, had they paid the full money for the fame

shall be returned and delivered to the said managers and directors by the said cashier or cashiers, together with the other tickets (if any) in the outermost column of the book and books first herein mentioned, and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of to contributors as aforesaid, and such ticket and tickets, upon and for which defaults of pay- and the tick-ments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, with the other undif- aehveredbadc posed tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as cash, and info the ex-to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for the purposes of this chequer, aft, as by the of of the treasury, or the high tresurer for the time being, shall be directed and appointed; and the said contributor and contributors making such default

shall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in respect of tbs money which

a be*

sioners of the treasury.

Limitation of fate of chances, &c.

208 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. [i76

he, she, or they, shall have paid for or towards the purchase of such ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Managers &c.

XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the autho-to be paid by rity aforesaid, That out of the monies composing the said fund, the comraif- commonly called The sinking fundy it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more or the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to reward the said managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and persons that shall and may be anyways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to discharge such incident expences as shall necessarily attend the execution of this a dt, in such manner as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall, from time to time, think fit and reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this adfc contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or any share or shares of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, for a day or part of a day, or for a longer time less than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or shall receive any money whatsoever in consideration of the repayment of any sum or sums of money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove fortunate; or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every person and persons who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the sum and (urns of money which shall have been received by such person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of xecord at If^efiminster; in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and every such sale, wager, or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

Persons selling

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-shares in*said, That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, or shall print or publifti any scheme or proposal, for receiving any sum or sums of money in consideration of any interest to be granted for the same, in any ticket or tickets la the said lottery, whereof such person or persons shall not then be actually possessed, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid, in case any ticket, or number of tickets, in the said lottery, which shall not be in the actual possession of such person or persons, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all

[Penalty.]

tickets of which they are not possessed.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39.

and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; in which no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceb-fors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and also shall suffer three months imprisonment without bail or mainprize.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any offence against this act, or any of the acts of parliament made in this kingdom for preventing private md unlawful lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the of-ender shall incur the like penalty and punishment, to be in-lidted in like manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; and1 that such penalties as, by this act, or any of he said acts, are directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, shall, in case of offences committed against this adb or any of the said acts in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

XXIX. And to the end that all and every the payments, as well ipon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be more easily xfeertenned, settled, and adjusted, for the persons who shall become ntitlei thereunto; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as conveniently may be after the drawing A the said lottery shall be completed and ended, all and every the said tickets to be given out as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for certificates to be signed by such of the said managers as shall be appointed for that purpose.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such of the said

managers as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall appoint to take in the said tickets, and deliver out the said certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall give timely notice, by advertisement to be printed and published in manner as they shall think fit, of the days and times for taking in the said tickets, and delivering out the said certificates, for and in lieu of the same; and every person's certificate shall be numbered in course, according to their bringing their tickets to the managers so to be appointed for exchanging the same; to which purpose, such managers shall enter, or cause to be entered, into a book or books to be by them kept for that purpose, the name of every person who shall bring any ticket or tickets to be exchanged for such certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets which shall be so brought by such person or persons, the value in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord, when the same was so brought; which book and books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the said tickets to be exchanged for such certificates, for all persons. concerned to peruse; all which certifi-- Vol. XXVII. P cates

209

forfeit 5001.

Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punishable,

and may be sued for in Dublin.

1

After t^e drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates.

Managers to

give notice of the time foF taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c.

Books to be kept for entering personi names,

and the number of their tickets, &c.

Certificates to be signed, &c.

sums in the certificates.

Alignments may be made of the said sums. See.

i 10 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39: [1765.

cates shall be signed by the managers so to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be directed to the accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being.

Accomptant

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, general to That the said accomptant general of the bank of England for give credit for the time being, to whom the said certificates are to be directed the pnnapal as aforesaid shall, upon receiving and taking in the said certificates, or any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, in a book or books to be by him provided and kept, for the principal Turns contained in every such certificate; and the per* Tons to whole credit such principal sums shall be entered in the said book or books, his, her, or their executors, administnrtors, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to afixgn or transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatever, in books to be prepared and kept by the said accomptant general; and the said principal sums so assigned or transferred mall carry the said annuity of three pounds per centum per an-tium, and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferrable by virtue of this act, until the redemption thereof in manner herein to mentioned; and the said accountant general of the bank of Mnoened0 and for tltne being, is hereby authorized and directed

notes to be to cancel and file the certificates, as they shall, from time to given in lieu time, be received and taken in by him; and to give the persons thereof. bringing in the same a note under his hand, testifying the principal money for which they shall have credit in the said book or books, by reason or means of the certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the annuities attending the same.

Bank to em- XXXII. And, for the more effectual execution of this act, ploy a chief b# it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said clerk and ac- governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-countant ge. ccflbrs, shall, from time to time, until the said annuities shall be redeemed, appoint or employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person withiA the same office to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies, from time to time, and at any time, arising or being in the receipt of the exchequer of or for the surplusses, excelles, overplus monies, and other revenues cotn-posing the fund, commonly called The sinking fund', as shall be «clerk, for pay- sufficient, from time to time, to answer the half-yearly pay-^nVin.^e. ments of the said annuities, shall (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums of money as, before the passing of this act, shall have been directed by any former acts of parliament to be paid out of the said fund) by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued far, had, or obtained, in that behalf, be issued and paid at the fold receipt of exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company

neral.

Monies to be issued out of the sinking fund, from time to time, to the fiid

annuities;

17 Anno sexto Georgii III. 0*39* 'fcri

of the bank of England and their successors for the time being*

by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the

find annuities; and that such cashier or cashiers so whom the whoiitoap«

Cud monies shall, from time to time, be issued, shall, from time

to time, without delay, apply and pay the lame accordingly, and renter an

and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due account

course of the exchequer. thereof.

XXXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said ac- Accountant

oountant general for the time being shall, from time to time, £*"5*to in* insped and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier 2iptslan?" or cashiers, and the vouchers relating the reunto, in order to payments, prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay. with the

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- vouchers. said. That all persons and corporations intitled to any of the Annl"Jicf said annuities, and their executors, administrators, successors,

and assigns, respectively, and all persons and corporations law- 9

folly claiming under them, shall have good, fore, absolute, and indefeasible estates and interests in the same, according to the lessor and true meaning of this act, and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be defccndable to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of Loads*, or otherwise; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not-urithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall be intitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any fom advanced or contributed towards the said fom of nine hundred thousand pounds, on which the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be attending, and the principal ferns to be determined by the drawing of the said lottery, to be attended with annuities after the like rate, shall be added to and made part of the joint stock of annuites transferable at the j0^nt bank of Englandt into which the several Turns carrying an in- transferable terest after the same rate were converted by certain acts of par- at the bank* liaoient, made in the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, and twenty

ninth, years of his late Majesty's reign, and by several other

ids; subject, nevertheless, to redemption by parliament, in subject to ra-

such manner and upon such notice as in the said act made in demption,

Che twenty fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed, in respect of the several and respective foms, or any part thereof, for which the several and respective annuities therein mentioned, or any of them, are payable; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations, whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall be intitled as aforesaid, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest ind Glare in the said joint stock of annuities.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Transfer ind. That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant

pnerai for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers ^nunt if all films advanced or contributed towards the said fom of gfnfr*\t line hundred thousand pounds, and of aH (urns determined

P2 - and

xn

Method of

transferring

hock.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 39. [1765.

and ascertained by the drawing of the said lottery, shall be entered and registered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the party or parties making such aiCgnments or transfers; or, if any fitch party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or move credible witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom such transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning or transferring any part of the said annuities or principal sums shall be good and available in law; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or aoy of them.

Annuities de-vifcabte by will.

Entry to be made of such dause in the will.

Treasury to pay all incident charges attending the execution of this act i

and to make an allowance to the cashier, and account* ant general$

to be at the disposal of the governor and company of the bank.

XXXVII. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any estate, share, or interest, in the said annuities, may devise the same by will; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such estate, share, or interest, be entered in the office of the said governor and company; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, shall go to the executors, administrators, or successors.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treal ury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power, and he and they is and are hereby authorize to defray such incidental charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to him or them shall seem just and reasonable, out of the surplulTcs, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called Toe sinking fund \ and also to appoint such allowances as he or they shall think proper, out of the said fund, for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions and the said annuities; and for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general, for performing the trust hereby reposed in him: all which allowances to be made as aforesaid in respetft of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

Bank to continue a corporation till these annuities be redeemed; See.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament; and that the said govern nor and company of the bank of Englandj or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of these doing any. matter.or thingjn pursuance of this. ad.

6.XL. Awl

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 40'. .213

XL. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or No fee to be*

Eatuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his taken for ce- Majesty's subject, for receiving or paying the said contribution- p^yi nl the monies, or ajy of them, or for any tallies or receipts concern- contr&ution-ing the same, or for iffping the monies for paying the said an- monies, annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great nuities, &c. or fnsall, to be made in pursuance of this act; upon pain that any offender, or person offending by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with fun"j^n* 0 costs of suit j to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XLL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or- prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general Gener* issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defencesj and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or

Eofecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against m, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise j then such de-Pendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to himj Treb^c co^» her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XL.

An act for explaining and amending such part of an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty's relates to certain duties on wines imported; for the more easy collecting, and effectually securing, the stamp duties for copies of court rolls \ for relief of persons who have omitted to insert in indentures, or other writings, the full sum agreed to be paid with clerks, apprentices, and other servants \ for amending such parts of two acts made in the last session of parliament, as relate to certain East India goods, and bugles, exported to Africa\ for permitting a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the isle of Man, for the fife of the inhabitants there \ for allowing the exportation if certain quantities of coals, free from the payment of the duty granted by an act made in the last session of parliament, to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney j and for obviating certain doubts with respect to the importation of oats and oat-meaU under the authority of an 0 made in this present session of parliament.

WHEREAS

314

Preamble, inciting clauses in act ]Gto.3»

& aft«J*c.

I

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 4.0. f 1765. '

WHEREAS by an act of pmade in third I

of tbt reigk if his present Majesty, intituled An Act At,

granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines itt> t ported mto this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and; perry j and for raising the sum of three millions five hUhdred, thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to to charged on the said duties) it is, things,

That frm and after tbt thirty first day vf Match, out

seven hundred and fixly three, ever end all subsidies if tenet!

and poundage, and ail ether fuhftditsadditional, and tttepifititks

tyhatfcever due tr payable for all wines and vinegar imported 1 Great Britain, by any ail or aits oparliament then in force, tiers shall be raised, levied, colleslid, and paid unit his Majesty, his heirs, and fetdcejfm(before landing tbttttf) tbt additional itnpefitm

rates, or duties following, without any tr dedtittitH I

for drawback tn reexportation afterwards j that is to say, for every I - ton of French wine and French vinegar whith shall imporki I into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds, and so after that tote j for iany greater or lesser quantity 5 and also for every ton if all other 1 Vrines and vinegar so imported into this kingdom, the sum of four J founds, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity j tie j same to be raised, levied\ collided, paid, and recovered, in futh Act- I ner and form, and by fiuh ways, means, and methods, and under fiui penalties and forfeitures (except as to difcmnU and drawbacks aforesaid) as Ore mentioned and txpreffei in the all of parliament made Hi pqffid in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King Jama, the Second, intituled An act for granting his Majesty an imposition upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand six hundred and eighty five, and the twenty second day of yunr, one thouslmd six hundred and ninety three, tr in any other alt or oRs of forth-ment, by which the said impofirions, rates, and duties, upon»wints and vinegar vdportei, were continued and made perpetual: ani qohereas by the said recited all of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is also dialled. That no merchant shall, in resptB of the duties htiposed by that act, be allowed twelve pounds per centum, or have any allowance for leakage, upon any wines imptrul ikto this kingdom, unkfs such wine be imported directly frm tbt fountry or place of the growth of the said wine, or the usual pert or place of ids first shipping\ except Madeira wines imported into this kingdom from any of his Majesty's plantations in America: find whereas the said respective duties of eight pounds and four founds per ton, imposed upon wines by the said recited all, acvt peen collected and paid, without any discount or dciuHion inwards, according to the true intent and meaning of the said all: and xvbfreas same doubts and questions have nevertheless been lately made, whether 4h$ before mentioned allowance* of twelve pounds per centum for (eakage, Should be dedulfed out of the said duties for such wanes as were imported direct, from the country or place of the growth of the said wine: for the obviating and clearing of which doubts, Wtb regard as well to tbt timepajl as to cmt> und for tbt acquitting.

2*5

1 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 40.

discharging, and indemnifying, all persons whatsoever, who have any way afttd, or been concerned in, /A* charging, collecting, paying, or receiving, the said respectbe duties of eight pounds and four pounds per /M imposed upon wines by the Jatd recited act, or who jbatt be concerned or Min the charging, collecting, paying, receiving, the same for the future, dm/ for the supporting and establishing the fund h the said act of parliament intended to be created, for the securing such annuities as Should be purchased pursuant to the said act of parliament; and for the explanation of the said act; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cradled and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem- poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and

by the authority of the same, That the said additional duties of jutiei of eight pounds for every ton of French wine, and four pounds for % \m per ton every ton of all other wines, imported into this kingdom, given on French and granted by the said recited act of parliament, made and wi, iei>nd passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, from and after the thirty first day of March, one thousand seven wines> grant* hundred and sixty three, were by the said act intended, and shall ed by the re. be, and ought to be paid, and payable to his Majesty, his c, ted of heirs, and mcceflors, for the uses and purposes in the said act Jiarcd^o he" expressed, without any discount or deduction inwards; and all intended to persons whatsoever wno have been concerned, or who have be paid with-acted in the charging, collecting, paying, or receiving, the said out any dif-respective duties of eight pounds and four pounds imposed on wines by the said recited act as aforesaid, are and shall respect w*lively, Dy virtue of this act, be acquitted and discharged, and indemnified in respect thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, So much of That so much of the said recited act of the third year of his lhc f"d act, present Majesty's reign, as relates to the allowance of twelve pounds per centum for leakage, out of the said duties of eight txl^per pounds and four pounds per ton, by the said act imposed on cent, in re. wines imported direlily from the place of their growth, shall fpc^t of be, and is hereby repealed, and annulled, and made void, to

all intents and purposes whatsoever. pca c '

III. And whereas by a clause in an act of parliament made in the Clause in aft last session of this present parliament, and in the fifth year of his pre- of 5 Geo. 3. sent Majesty's reign, intituled An act for altering the stamp duties

upon admissions into corporations or companies, and for further securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain, reciting. That by an act of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Spueen Anne, for laying several duties upon foot, and for other purposes therein mentioned, a stamp duty of two Shillings and three pence, among other duties, is laid on every jkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Jhett or piece of paper, upon which Should be ingrossed or written any surrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or tenement, within those parts of Great Britain called Jttigland, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or lease by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court nil

P*

Intention of the recited act, with respect to the time meant for delivering copies of court rolls. Officer of the court not liable to forfeit, if the copies be delivered within a year.

Further time allowed to perfotu who

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 40W [1765.

ef any honor or manor within the same parts of Great Britain, or any of them (other than and except the original surrender to the uft of a will, and the court roll, or book, wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or inrollei) and reciting, That great frauds had been committed in the said duty, by ftevjards and others receiving the same, together with their own fees, without ever making out or delivering the said copies; and for preventing the same for the future, it was and is declared and enabled, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty fives if any Jleward or other officer of any copyhold court jbculd demand, take, or receive, from any person whatsoever, any fee or fees for any such surrender, admittance, grant, or lease, or any other copy of any court roll, without at the jame time demanding and receiving the stamp duty due thereon, and delivering such surrendery or admittance, grant, or lease, or copy, to the person intitled thereto; then, and in every such case, every such jleward or other officer shall, for every such offence* forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds: and whereas the said clause bath been found to be attended with great inconvenience, in regard to the time oj delivering the copies of every surrender, admittance, grant, or lease, which is impossible to be done at the court in which such business is transacted; for remedy whereof, be it declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the intention of the said clause, and the time meant thereby for delivering the copy of such surrender, admittance, grant, or lease, was, as soon as the same could be properly prepared and made out after the receiving the fee or fees and (lamp duty thereon, and not at the time, or immediately upon, receiving the same.

IV. And, for the preventing any doubts in regard thereto for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the seventh day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, every such Reward or other officer of any such copyhold court shall be obliged to deliver the copy of such surrender, admittance, grant, or lease, to the person intitled thereto, or to some person authorized by him or her to receive the same; and if no person shall be so authorized, then to the bailiff' of the manor, for the use of such person, within one year from the holding such respective court; and shall not incur the said forfeiture or penalty inffi&ed by the said clause for not delivering the same, till after the expiration of one year from the day of holding such court; any thing in the said first recited act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And, for relief of all per fins who have omitted to infer t and write, in words at length, in indentures or other writings which contain the covenants, articles, contracts, or agreements, relating to the service of any clerk, apprentice, or servant, the full sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, received, or in any wise directly or indt-redly given, paid, or agreed, or contracted for, with, or in relation to, every such clerk, apprentice, or servant, as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon -payment of the rates and duties upon the monies, or such part of the monies [q omitted to be inserteil and written, in words at

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 40. 217.

length, in such indentures or other writings as aforesaid, on or have omitted before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven to infer* in hundred and sixty six, to such person or persons to whom the indentures, or same ought to be paid, of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette; the same indentures or other writings shall agreed to be be good and availably in law or equity, and may be given in paid with evidence in any court whatsoever; and the clerks, apprentices, clerks.» aP-or servants therein named, shall be capable of following and oJhw'^anti' exercising their refjpedlive intended trade or employment, in the and to pay*same manner as they could have done in^case the full sum or the duties, sums received or agreed for, as aforesaid, had been inserted; and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the omission aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said penalties; any thing in any former act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.;

VI. And whereas by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign Clauft in*' of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to' his Ma- acts of 5 Geo. ., jesty certain duties on the exportation of coals; and of several J* i East India goods; and upon policies of assurance for retaining, upon the exportation of white callicoes and muslins, a further pan of the duties paid on the importation thereof; and for obviating a doubt with respect to stamp duties imposed upon deeds by two former acts; it is amongst other things enacted, That upon, toe entry of any wrought filksy hengals, and stuffs mixed with silk or berba of the manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, or calli-toes painted, dyedy printed) orfiained thereof or exportation tp Africa; the bond which is now by law required to be given for the due exportation of such goods y shall be with further condition, that the same shall be there landed accordingly, and not in any other part or place beyond the seas; and that the bonds so as aforesaid entered intoy shall not be delivered up or discharged until proof is made in the manner directed by the said recited aCl\ which proof is required to be made within eighteen months from the date of such bonds: and whereas by Act 5 Geo. j. another act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually supplying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa, with such coarse printed callicoes, and other goods of the product or manufacture of the East Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hopey as. are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom; for the better supply of the export trade thereof; and for discontinuinz the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allow-, ances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thence to the Isle of Man; it is (amongst other things) enacted, That if any bugles, which shall be warehoused in pursuance of that aCly shall be delivered for exportation to foreign partly the same shall be subject to the like security9 regulations, and reflriCJionSf as East India goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain are now by law liable to: and whereas it is alledged) that the time limited by the first recited act of parliament) for making tJk proof thereby required within eighteen months, for such of the

afore-

Gonditfens, npoa which any of the

bmre* mentioned goods may be removed from one port of Great Britain

Sil Anna sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1765.

afire said goods as shall be landed in Africa, is too Short, and the

obliging the master, mate, purser, or other person, having charge of tie shipy to make the oath as is therein directed, at the port where fiuh fecwrity shall be entered into, may subject the proprietors and exporters of such goods to great difficulties and inconvenience, such security having been hitherto taken only at the port of London, though the goods are frequently exported from various out-ports of this kingdom: for remedy whereof, and to give all fitting encouragement to this branch of business, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, in every case where the owner or proprietor of any of the goods before mentioned shall desire to remove the same from one port of Great Britain to any other port within the same kingdom, in order to to^oUwr^in* ^om thence exported to Africa, it shall and may be lawful older to be for the warehouse keeper, or other proper officer of the customs, exported from in whose custody the same shall be lodged, to pack up and fe-thence to cure such goods under his or their seal or seals of office; and before the same shall be taken out of the warehouse or ware-houses in which they shall have been deposited, one bond shall be entered into, with sufficient security to his Majesty, his heirs* and successors, in double the value of such goods, that the same, and every part thereof, shall be well and truly delivered, without alteration, into the custody and possession of the collector and comptroller of the customs for the time being at some other port of this kingdom to be named and expressfca in such bond} and to produce a certificate, under the hands and feats ' of such collector and comptroller, that such goods have been to delivered into their custody and possession, within three months from the date of each respective bopd, to the commissioners of the customs, or to the principal officers of the customs, at the port where such bond shall have been given; and such goods shall not be afterwards taken out of the custody of such collector and comptroller, until one other bond shall be entered into by the merchant exporter, with sufficient security to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in double the value of the said goods, that the same, and every part thereof, shall (the danger of the Teas excepted} be well and truly exported to, and landed in, some part of the coast of Africa, and not in any other part or place beyond the seas.

Bond not to

VII. And it is further enacted, That no bond, which hath be discharged, been or shall be entered into for the exportation of any of the goods before mentioned to Africa, in pursuance of this or the of the said*before recited acts of parliament, shall be discharged or delivered goods being up, until proof is made by the oath of the matter, mate, purser, f^Jylajjded, or other person, having charge of the ship or vessel during the voyage in which such goods were exported, that the said goods,9*and every part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of in or

on some part of the coast of Africa; and that no part thereof bad been re-landed in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney> Sark, or Man, or any other part 4 or

2l£

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 40.

or place beyond the leas; and by the oath of the merchant exporter (if living) that, to the best of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, such goods had been disposed of at the place or places mentioned in the oath of such mailer, mate, purser, or other person, having the charge of such ship or veil'd during the voyage j which proof shall be made within three years from Proof to be the date of each respective bond, before the collector and comp- made*lbin 3 troller, or other princijpal officer of the customs at the port lor thereof the time being where such last mentioned bond shall be entered the bond} into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same; and in Case no such certificate shall be produced, or proof othenrift ike made as aforesaid, within the respective times before limited, it bond may be shall and may be lawful for the respective commissioners of Put'n<ult* the customs in Great Britain to cause such bonds, or either of them, to be put in suit, unless they shall find sufficient cause to forbear the same; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas by an act passed in this present feffien of ctxuft fa an parliament, intituled An act to prohibit the exportation of com, act of Ms

grain, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, for a limited <*on* time; it was, amngfl other things, tnadtd.That no person or

fins whatsoever, at any time or times before the twenty sixth day of

August, one thousand seven hundred and, Jbouli, or

tarry out of or fnm the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any

fwt of corny grain, malty mealy riiwr, breadbifeuit, orforth, tender

the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned; but with fevered provisionsand fivings in the said act contained: and whereas the inhabitants of the ft of Man have, for several years laji,

bun suppliei with conjtderable quantities of corn, meal, and, from Great Britain and Ireland, and they are now in great want thereof, no provision or saving having been made in the said act for fipplying them therewith', be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited act, or any thing Clause for per-therein contained, shall not extend to any wheat, barley, oats, mining cer. meal, or flour, to be transported out of or from the ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the said isle of Man, for the °t[^rea only use of the inhabitants of the said island; so as the ex- grain, &c. to porter, before the lading of such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or be exported flour, or laying the same on board, do become bound, with from SouttV Other sufficient security, in treble the value thereof, which the Exeter"for the customer or comptroller of either of the said ports respectively u(e of the in-stath hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his habitant* of Majesty's use, and for which security no fee or reward shall be of

Siveft or taken, that such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, M*B* nil be landed in the said isle of Man (the dangers of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are by the said act required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose therein mentioned; and so as the whole quantity of.whole qnan-

r wheat, bty not to ex-

ceed>500. quarters.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1765.

wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, which at any time or times after the parting this act, and before the said twenty sixth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, shall be shipped at both the said ports for the said isle of Man as aforesaid, shall not exceed in the whole two thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety whereof to be exported at the said port of Southampton, and the other moiety thereof to be exported at the said port of Exeter; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an act made in the last session of parliament, an additional duty of four shillings was granted to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, from the fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five*> for every chaldron of coals, Newcastle mea-fare, which should be shipped for exportation to any part beyond the fees, except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, or the British dominions in America: and whereas it is found expedient to permit certain quantities of coals to be annually exported to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, for the use and consumption of his Ma-to be annually Jefa's frijefts ln the said islands, and of the ca/kett lights^ free of exported from said additional duty\ be it therefore enacted by the authority Newcastle and aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth day of June, one Sic thousand seven hundred and sixty six, it shall and may be Jersey^Guem- to an^ for inhabitants of the said islands respect

fey, and Al- rively, to export and transport the several quantities of coals demey, with- herein after-mentioned, free of the said additional duty of four °"t shillings for every chaldron, out of and from the ports of New*

dut/imposed cast* anc* &wansea, in the several proportions, to the said isles

Cltufe in aft 5 Geo. i-

Clause for permitting certain quantifies of coals

the recited Of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney respectively, as are herein after-mentioned 5 so as the person or persons who shall ship such coals do, before the shipping thereof, deliver unto the collector and comptroller of the customs of the said ports of Newcajlli and Swansea respectively (out of which the said coals are to be exported; a writing under the seal or seals of the respective governors of the said isles of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney (into which the said coals are to be transported) or of his or their deputy or deputies respectively; which writing shall express the name of the party appointed to export, or cause to be exported, out of the said ports of Newcastle and Swansea, or one of them, so many chaldrons of coals, expressing the number thereof, to the same isle, to be used or con fumed therein, or in some of the members or parts thereof, or in the cafkct lights; and that such party so authorized and appointed to export, or cause to be exported, such coals, hath, before the making and sealing of that writing, entered into sufficient bond for his Majesty's use, in the penalty of twenty pounds for every chaldron of such coals, for the due landing of the said coals accordingly (the danger of the seas only excepted.)

X. Ana, to the intent that the quantity of coals to be exported out of the ports ^/'Newcastle and Swansea aforesaid, into the said isles % or any of them9 in any one year (accounting the year to begin from the said twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fixtj

fix)

221

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 40.

six) may not exceed the quantities herein after specified \ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the governors of the said islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney respectively, or their fespective deputy or deputies, for whom they will answer,

shall not make to any person or persons any such writing or writings as before specified, to authorize and appoint him or them to fetch, export, or transport, into the said islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney respectively, in one year, to be accounted as aforesaid, any greater quantity of coals, or in any other proportions, out of and from the said ports of Newcastle and Swansea respectively, than are herein after limited and expressed; that is to say. Into the said isle of Jersey, out of the Specification said port of Newcastle, three hundred and fifty chaldrons, New- of the quart-eastle measure, and out of the said port of Swansea, one hun- tity and pro-died and fifty such chaldrons, and no more; into the said isle{^fs^rom the of Guernsey, out of the said port of Newcastle, one thousand such (v^ colheries, chaldrons, and out of the said port of Swansea, one hundred allowed to be and fifty such chaldrons, and no more 5 and into the said isle of cxP<?f; ted to Alderney, out of the said port of Newcastle, one hundred and ten such chaldrons, and out of the said port of Swansea, ten rciPccnTC, /# such chaldrons, and no more.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Officer at the said. That the collector and comptroller of the customs of the said ports of Newcastle and Swansea respectively, shall keep a swansea to true account of all the said quantities of coals io by them per- keep accounts mitted to be loaden by virtue of this act, and shall not permit thereof, and any greater quantities of coals to be so loaded than are by this not Pennit aaprescribed, in any one year, to any of the said islands respectively, free of the said duty of four shillings per chaldron, be loaded upon the penalty of the forfeiture of twenty pounds for every without pay-chaldron; one moiety thereof to the King's majesty, his heirs, ingduty, oo and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will^sue for the same, in any court of record; wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed.

XII. And whereas several doubts have arif n with respect to the importation of oats and oat-meal into this kingdom, under the authority of an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled,

An act for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal into this kingdom, for a limited time, duty-free; therefore, for obviating all doubts in relation thereto, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That by the said act it was 0^, and intended to authorize any person or persons whatsoever to im- oat.meal, deport into Great Britain, in any ship or vessel navigated according flared to be to law, at any time or times before the twenty ninth day of Septem-

her, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, unless a shorter session, to be term shall be fixed for that purpose by any act to be passed in this imported du-session of parliament, any quantity of oats or oat-meal, withouty

the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition what-footer any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

.. A

722

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41.

[176$.

CAP. XLI.

<t# for granting to his a certain sum of map

out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain mum therein mentioned for the of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six} and for further appropriating the supplies granted in of parliament.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

\KT your Majesty's 010ft dutiful and loyal subjects, the Yt commons or Great Britain in parliament strembled, to* wards raising the necessary Aipplies which we have cheantdly.granted to your Majesty in this Crflson of parliament, have re-lolved to give and grant to your Majesty the t>m herein after mentioned: and do therefore most humbly beseech your Maje* fty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advjee and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeot 'Kuool. Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

granted out of by or out of such monies as have arisen, and shall or may arise, the sinking from time to time, and be and remain in the receipt of the ex* ftosd* chequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other cunxnt yean reveiuie* composing the fund commonly called The jinking fond*

1'after paying, or reserving fuflkient to pay, all (och turns of mor

ney as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to he paid out of the same, there shall and may he issued and applied for and towards (baking good the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fi*iy fix, a sum not exceeding two millions one hupr tobe ifiiiedbjr dred and fifty thousand pounds; and the commissioners of hi* aecor dinglir Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or*Y' more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

Treasury im- whereas the sum of four hundred thirty nine thousand

poweredto fi0* hundred and eighty fix, and two pence

raise the said farthing, did arise in the rec of the exchequer on the fifth day of

lum, or any April, the thousand seven hundred and, towards making

fyloanY or^fa^ sum of two m one sunked and fifty thousand exchequer pounds; and it may be expedient to the sum of one seven bills, of the hundred ten thousand four hundred anfithirteen pounds, three JbiUingt credit of the and nine pence three farthings, being the residue of the said sum of sinking fund; millions one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore en* cted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said of of his Majesty's treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, lb all think it adviseable to raise the said sum of one nail--lion seven hundred ten thousand four hundred and thirteen pounds, three shillings, and nine pence three farthings, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after

men*

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41.

mentioned} that it shall and may be lawful to and for any per* ton or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any sum or sums of money not exceeding the said sum or one million seven hundred ten thousand four hundred and thirteen pounds, three shillings, and nine pence three farthings, upon the credit of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues competing the sinking fund, and to have and receive interest for the forbearance of the money lent; so as such loans be allowed to be made by the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now or for the time being, or the high treasurer for the time being, who are or is hereby authorized to issue his or their warrants for that purpose, as fad as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service; and moreover, that no money to be lent upon the security of this a c1 shall be rated or a defied to any tax or afle Ament whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or a|)(] to persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act as uiiie, of aforesaid, and pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer, with orders shall immediately have a tally of loan struck for the same, and repayment an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the lame date with his, her, or their tally; in or upon which order shall be the, ntereg*also contained a warrant for payment of interest for the for- thereof to be -bearance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until the paid quarter-repayment of the principal; and all such orders for repayment of money so to be lent, shall be registered in course, according °* !* to the dates respectively; and that all and every per ion andper-

Tons shall be paid in course, according as their orders shall land registered in the said register books, so as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adtniniftra-tora, or assigns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders, first entered in the said books of register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and so successively and in courfej and that the monies to come in of or for the said (ur-plufles, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues com-poling the sinking fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise} and shall not be di- Ho undue verted or divertible to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever (other than such tiles and purposesas are appointed say j, j nnm any other act or a&sof parliament in that behalf u aforesaid) aor feetobo and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, directty or indirectly, tafcfoj shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty* subjafis, for providing or making of any such books or registers, or any entries.

a»4 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 4*.

[1765.

tries, views, or searches, in or for payment of money lent, or on forfeiture the interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's officer of treble da- or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of flugC#ftWJth damages to the party grieyed, by the party offending,

© Cf0 8*r fall c°fts blit; or the officer himself take or demand

due^ieler-1111* any ^uch fce or reward, then to lose his place also: and if any

ence in point undue preference of one before another shall be made, either in of registry or point of registry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of payment; this act, by any such officer or Officers; then the party offending shall be liable, by action of debt, or on the case, to pay the value of the debt, with full costs of suit, to the party grieyed, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any such preference be unduly made, by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his master, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his office or place: and in case the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon such orders, according to each person's due place and order as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, in such manner as aforesaid; all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages, and costs, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be to be recover- recovered by adhon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any cd in any of of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no recordat* °* c^fain» protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order Westminster. of restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

No undue

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall preference, happen that several tallies of loan or orders for payment as afore-which of the fai^ bear jate^ or be brought the same day to the auditor of der*Chroiight receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no un-the same day, due preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters are entered them all the same day.

fast»'V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue quest orders preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the au-are paid be- ditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do fore others pay subsequent orders, to persons that come and demand their not brought in monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that did courie; not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in course, so as money so ns there be so much money reserved as will satisfy precedent bereferved for orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for the precedent them; interest upon loan being to cease from the time the mo-orders. ncy js fQ reserved and kept in bank for them.

Powerofaf- Vi. And be it further enacted, That all and every perfom signment, and and persons to whom any money shall be due for loans to be re-jnetbod of giftered by virtue of this act, after order entered in the book of register as aforesaid, his, her, -or their executors, administrators, or assigns,: by proper words of assignment to be indorsed and written upoji his/her, or their order, may assign and transfer .1'his.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41.' 2*5

11s, her, or their right, title, interest, and benefit of such >rder, to any other; which being notified in the office of the uditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of register aforesaid for orders (which he officers shall, upon request, without fee go* charge, accordingly make) shall intitle such assignec, his, her, or their execu-ors, administrators, successors, and assigns, to the benefit there-f, and payment thereon; and such assignee may in like manor assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall ot be in the power of such person or persons, who hath or have aade such alignment, to make void, release, or discharge, the ime, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII. And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain scot, not to exceed in the whole the said sum of one million seven hun-rid and ten thousand four hundred and thirteen pounds, three shillings, nd nine pence three farthings, to be raised either by such loans as firesaid, or by issuing exchequer bills as is herein after -mentioned, or f both or either of ihofe ways or means, for the publick service \ be

: farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the if it shall be ommissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of judged more iem now or for the time being, or the high treasurer for the advrfcabltftjp me being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said sum f one million seven hundred and ten thousand four hundred (um by ex-nd thirteen pounds, three shillings, and nine pence three far- chequer bills, lings, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, instead of such instead of >ans as aforesaid, that then he or they respectively is or are loan, t ereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to pre-arc and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the ex-hequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any sum or ims of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of ne million seven hundred and ten thousand four hundred and lirteen pounds, three shillings, and nine pence three farthings,

>gether with such loans aforesaid, in the same or like manner,

>rm, or order, and according to the same or like rules and di-rdions, as in and by a certain ad of this present session of Parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the rviu of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, are en-sted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made pursuance of the said act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All advan-"hat all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, tages and pe-ivantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in n"t, es"l

ic said last mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer {hisfcffion re-ills authorized to be made by the same ad (except such clauses jating to loans 1 do charge the same on the taxes granted by the fairie ad, and or exchequer icept such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the bills^rbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act) shall be bemadeforth, tfyjpd and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in pur- extended to"*aoce of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and this act. irposes, as if the Uid exchequer bills had been originally au-Voii. XXVII. Q. thorized J

tiS

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41.

[176 S.

The said exchequer bills interest, and

thorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said feveril clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act. 1

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the exchequer bills, which shall be made in pursuance of this act, and the interest, premium, rate, and charges incident to, tobep#udMtor attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and of the linking chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of, the fund. growing produce of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus

monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof, lank autho- X. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority riied to lend aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and the said sum, company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money, not -exceeding in the whole the sum of one million seven hundred and ten thousand four hundred and thirteen pounds, three shillings, and nine pence three farthings; any thing in an act made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King Wiliam rot with ft and and Queen Mary^intituled An act for granting to their Majting a^t 5 & 6flies several rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and Will. & Mary*upon beery ale> and other liquors; for securing certain recompencti and advantages in the said act mentioned to such per fans as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sum of eighty thousand pounds remaining in the re-the exchequer cciPl t^ie chequer, granted to his Majesty in the last session for pay and of parliament, upon account, for defraying the charge of the cloathing for pay and cloathing of the militia for one year, beginning the the militia, twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty

gth-C vc 5 anc* a a ^um not exceeding one hundred and eighty one

181000l. pay- thousand pounds, of the monies agreed to be paid by a convene able for main- tien between his Majesty and the French king, concluded-and tenance of the signed at London the twenty seventh of February, one thousand French pri- seven hundred and sixty five, for the maintenance of the late loners; French prisoners of war; and also such of the monies remain*

ing in the receipt of the exchequer for the disposition of ptHb*

on GumSene- ment» as fh*M be paid into the said receipt on ortofoffc tbt gx and Gum fifth day of Aprils out thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, X/sfbk 2 of

The sum of 8o, ooool. remaining in

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41. [1227.

of the produce of the duties charged by an act made in the last

jeflion of parliament upon the importation and exportation of

Gum Senega and Gum Arabic^ shall and may be issued and ap- tobeiffued

plied at the said receipt, for and towards making good the said

supply j and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or kid tupply,

for the time beingr, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and im-

powered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 3*11, 141.

That a sum not exceeding two thousand three hundred and 10d. x eighth twenty one pounds, fourteen shillings, ten pence, and one fevin^o^tht eighth part of a penny, be granted to his Majesty out of the charge of 1 monies or savings remaining of the grant in the last session of independant parliament, for defraying the charge of three independant com- companie* of panies of foot, to be raised for his Majesty's service, on the coast of Africa, and for provisions for the same, for the year one &c?tobe thousand seven hundred and sixty five, towards maintaining his issued towards Majesty's forces and garrisons in the plantations and Africa, in- the said sup-eluding those in garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for pro- Pty* visions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfound-w Gibraltar, the ceded islands, and Africa, for the year one thousand seven hundred and llxty fix; and the comtnUfioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the lame accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, s0i000

That a sum not exceeding sixty thousand pounds, of such mo- nie* unappro-nies remaining in the receipt of the exchequer for the disposition priated, in the of parliament, and as shall be paid into the said receipt on or before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and (h^\ be paid sixty seven, of the produce of such of the duties granted or \n before s continued by an act made in the fourth year of his present Ma- April, 1767, of jetty's reign, as were thereby directed to be reserved in the ex- ll'e dut'c* chequer to be disposed of by parliament, towards defraying the necessary expences of defending, protecting, and securtng, the wards the British colonies and plantations in Americ, be issued and ap- charge of it* plied towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in fending the the plantations, and for provisions for the forces in North Amt- America'^ riea, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded istands, for the be applied in year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six j and the com- like manner, missioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 74.777b 14s. That a Gam not exceeding seventy four thousand seven hundred savings of o&y and seventy seven pounds, fourteen shillings, be granted to his the Majesty, out of the monies or savings arising from the pay of orcc*>

the land forces, in the hands of the paymasters general of his Majesty's land forces, towards defraying the extraordinary ex-

Q 2peaces

228 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41: [1765.

pences of his Majesty's land forces, and other services incurred* to the twenty fourth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and not provided for by parliament; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for th'c time being, are 6r is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sum of one thousand one hundred and sixty seven pounds, and ten shillings, remaining uniflued of the monies granted in the last session of parliament, upon account, towards enabling the governors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed and deserted young children, to maintain and educate, or to place out as apprentices, such children as were received into the said hospital on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven

the governor* hundred and sixty four inclusive, to thirty first day of Denmbery and guardians one thousand seven hundred and sixty five inclusive, be granted o^afTdeduo to Majesty, upon account, towards further enabling the said governors and guardians to maintain and educate such children, from the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five exclusive, to the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six inclusive, and that such sum shall be issued and paid without fee or reward, or any deduction whatsoever; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one acSfc of this session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and grant*

to be applied accordingly.

1, 167l. 10s. unapplied of

ed to the

Foundling

Hospital,

to be paid to

tiens.

Appropriation of the supplies.

The monies arising by the 'ing to his Majesty certain duties upon malty munty cyder, and perrjy malt tax, for tjJ£ service of the xcar one thousand seven hundred and sixty six;

for the service of the year one theuju and so much money, if any (uc

Land tax,

any such be, of the duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills, made or to be made on the same act, and all the interest, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other act of this telfion of parliament, intituled An c6f for granting, an aid to his Majesty by a land taxy to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and so much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same6t, and all the interest, premium rate, and charges thereon, and the charges allowable thereby for nrifing the said

land

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41. 229

land lax, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall bereferved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds granted by one other act of this teflion of parliament, intituled An act for Loans raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bids, for the9service of the year one thousand seven Imndred and sixty six; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for annuities and a lottery, granted by one other act of this lottery &c. session of parliament, intituled An act for raising the sum of one9million five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the sinking fund; and also the said turn ofan(j otj, cr eighty thousand pounds, remaining in the receipt of the exche- fumsremain-quer, granted to his Majesty in the last session of parliament, ing in the ex-upon account, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloath- £he<Ju^5-ing of the militia, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day thfVeveral of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and also fUms before the said sum not exceeding one hundred and eighty one thou- granted and sand pounds, of the monies agreed to be paid by a convention between his Majesty and the French king, concluded and signed at London the twenty seventh day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, for the maintenance of the late French prisoners of war; and also such of the said monies of the produce of the duties charged by an act made in the last session of parliament, upon the importation and exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and also the said sum not exceeding two millions one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, by this act granted, put of such monies as have arisen, and shall or may arise, of the surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The sinking fund9 shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several uses and purposes herein after expressed, together with the residue of the monies arising from the sale of French prizes taken before the with the refi-declaration of the late war, which his Majesty declared in a most duc ?*"th* gracious speech to his parliament, that he had directed, for the grom die case of his subjects, to be applied to the public service; and also Of French such sum or sums as his Majesty, according to his most gracious prizes taken intentions expressed in the same speech, shall direct, for thebcfol^ further ease of his subjects, to be also applied to the public fer- 0

vice, out of the monies which have arisen, or shall arise, by and such sums the sale of lands belonging to his Majesty in the islands of the as shall arise West Indies, which were ceded to his Majesty by the late treaty byjal?

j - e ceded islandij

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- V1S. out of the said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as in gene. aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or ral, i, $i*,83l. sums of money not exceeding one million five hundred twenty 6s. 3d. to-two thousand two hundred eighty three pounds, six shillings, ^|ces hmia and three pence, for or towards the naval services herein after ratified, particularly expressed (that is to say) For or towards visuals.

Wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof,

Q.3 per-

*30

t,oo, cool, towards paying oft the debt of the navy*

180, 445l. 198.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41. [ 1 y6$.

performed and to be performed; and for or towards lea in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half pay to sea and marine officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand two hundred and eighty {even marines; and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs, of his Majesty's ships, docks, building ships, wharfs, and (lore-houses, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority

laid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or Turns of money, not exceeding one million two hundred thousand pounds, towards paying off and discharging the debt of the navy.

XIX. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority afore- ,

3d. torthe of* laid. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there fice of ord- shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money,

nans*. not exceeding one hundred and eighty thousand four hundred

forty five pounds, nineteen shillings, and three pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land service, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

S$, o6il.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid,

d. to the said "That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall viVesperform-ant* may '^uc<^ a*>d applied any sum or sums of money, not ed 1765. not exceeding thirty five thousand and sixty one pounds, six shillings, provided for. and two pence, for defraying the expence of services performed by the office of ordnance for land service, and not provided for by parliament, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

aXI. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, rhere

19s. 8d. to-

so^l^n!rd an<* may anc* applied any sum or sums of money

other service* not exceeding one million nine hundred twenty three thousand in genual j three hundred and thirteen pounds, nineteen shillings, and eight pence, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces and other services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, any sum or sums of money not exceeding six hundred of which and vc th°u^an^ fi* hundred and eight pounds, ninereen (hil-605, 608!* 19s. lings, and nine pence, for defraying the charge of seventeen 91I, for guards thousand three hundred and six effective men, commissioned and git ri ferns an(j non-commissioned officers included, and including two tain Gucinfey thousand five hundred and thirteen invalids, for guards, garri-and Jersey i*fons, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Guern* fry, and ftrfey, for the year one thousand seven hundred and Si«, i8)l. 6*. sixty six; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding three «1. halfpenny, hundred thirty two thousand one hundred eighty three pound*9 six shillings, and five pence halfpenny, towards further mato-fifth^plama- ta, n^ng his Majesty's forces and garrisons in the plantations and tiens, and A. Africa, including those in garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and frica, Minor- for provisions for the forces in North America, Nava Scotia, New* ca?n Gib"a fMidland, Gibraltar, the ceded islands, and Africa, for the year ^ovikons for onc t^10u^a^ seven hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41.'

2Jt

of money not exceeding fevep thousand nine hundred ninety the fqrcvi three pounds, eleven shillings, four pence, for defraying the a*>roa{*} charge of the difference of pay between the British and Irish e- ?>M31, flablishment of two troops ot light dragoons, and of fix regi- thedif^ ments of foot, serving in the Isle of Man> at Gibraltar, Minor- ference of pay ta9 and the ceded islands, for the year one thousand seven hun- between the dred and sixty six; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding eleven thousand two hundred ninety one pounds, eight shillings, ^nte and six pence halfpenny, for the pay of the general and general troops in the staff officers in Great Britain, for the year one thousand seven Isle of Man, hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums of money not ex- Gibraltar, Mi-ccedingone hundred and fifty thousand pounds, upon account, "cded islandsj for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia 1. g s.*for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one 6d. iq. for thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums ofgcneraj money not exceeding one hundred and thirty eight thousand fix ^nc^ fta" hundred and seventy four pounds, upon account of the reduced l5o)0#Jl. to-officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year wards pay and one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums cloathing 'the of money not exceeding five thousand seven hundred and eighteen "g '6ia ?j to pounds, six shillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge the reduced of full pay to officers reduced, with the tenth company of fe- officers of the veral battalions reduced from ten to nine companies, and who, and forces remained on half-pay at the twenty fourth day of December, one and thousand seven hundred and sixty five, for the year one thou- ^reduced sand seven hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums of mo- officers with* ney not exceeding one thousand six hundred and fourteen pounds, in the 10th for the paying of pensions to the widows of such reduced cers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, as died upon the [aiions establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were mar- 1, 6141* to the ried to them before the twenty fifth day of December % one thou- pensions of of-sand seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one thousand seven ficers widows j hundred and sixty six; and any sum or (urns of money not ex- 109, 875l. i6t. ceeding one hundred and nine thousand eight hundred seventy 8d. to the out. five pounds, sixteen shillings, and eight pence, upon account, towards defraying the charge of out-pensioners of Chelsea Hof pjt![| }ea pital9 for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty lix; and ^>0ool. to any sum or sums of money not exceeding fifty thousand pounds, the landgrave on account, to enable his Majesty to compleat the payment of?f HefTeCaflel$ one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, stipulated by treaty toJJfC^{i3^, oa be paid to the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel9 in extinction of all mauds under the title of reasonable succour, or otherwise; and404, 310l. 161. any sum or sums of money not exceeding four hundred and four fid.q. extra-thousand three hundred and ten pounds, sixteen shillings, and ordinary c*-six pence three farthings, towards further defraying the extra- sand7oroes, e ordinary expences of his Majesty's land forces, and other fer- and other Cervices incurred to the twenty fourth day of January, one thou-vices, not pro-land seven hundred and sixty six, and not provided for by par-for* foment; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding oneIO$>043|-13|# hundred and six thousand and forty three pounds, thirteen (lill- 8d! 1 q. to-lines, and eight pence farthing, upon account, to enable his wards dif- 0, Majesty charging the

*3*

unfatitfted claims in Germany

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 4tI [1765.

Majesty to discharge such unsatisfied claims and demands, for expences incurred during the late war in Germany, as appear to be due by the reports of the of appointed by his Majesty for examining and stating such claims and demands. 1,000, 000 J.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore* towards pay- said, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there ingo^ exrhe- shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money,

ing an agreement with the governor and company of the hank of England, /^ raising certainfums of money towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for more effectually preventing the forging powers to transer such flock, or re-ccive such dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personsating the owners thereof $ and charged upon the first aids to be granted by parliament for the service of the year Soo, ooool. to- one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums wards paying of money, not exceeding eight hundred thousand pounds, for c?c^lv jlllcl paying off and discharging the exchequer bills, made out by pursuant to an v, rtue an act Puffed in the last session of parliament, intituled, act of the An aid for raising a certain sum of money by leans or exchequer bill<,

lait fcllion j for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five,

and charged upon the first aids to be granted in this session of parliament.

4, 8661. 3*. $d.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore-for lu poor ting said, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there blUhmenfof an<* may ^UC(^ an^ applied any sum or sums of money, No/aScotia; not exceeding four thousand eight hundred and sixty six pounds, three shillings, and five pence, upon account, for maintaining and supporting the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of Nova S(otiay for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty 8, oo8l. t % s.7<? fix; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding eight thou-for funrlry ex- sand and eight pounds, twelve shillings, and seven pence, upon j^hVre^n^ account of sundry expences, for the service of Nova Scotia, in former years, the years one thousand seven hundred and fifty, one thousand not provided seven hundred and fifty one, one thousand seven hundred and fori fifty two, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and not provided for 3; q861 for the by parliament; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding raento^ Geor !^rce thousand nine hundred and eighty six pounds, upon ac-gia.'count, for defraying the charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of Georgia, and other incidental expences attending the same, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and any 5, Sol.for the sum or sums of money, not exceeding five thousand two hun-civil establijfo- fire(| and fifty pounds> upon account, for defraying the charges Florida j*chril establishment of his Majesty's colony of East Florida,

and other incidental expences attending the lame, from the twenty fourth day of Juqe9 one thousand seven hundred and

*33

1765.] Anno fcrto Georgii III. c. 41.

sixty five, to the twenty fourth day of Jtme9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding five thousand three hundred pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of West Florida, and other incidental expences attending the same, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nve, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand seven hundred and eighty four pounds, and four shillings, upon account, for defraying the expence attending general surveys of America % his Majesty's dominions in North America, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 0001. for said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there the forts and shall and maybe issued.and applied any sum or sums of money, settlemenu w not exceeding thirteen thousand pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British forts and settlements on^African the coast of Africa, under the direction of the committee of company merchants trading to Africa; and any sum or sums of money, 5, 550].

not exceeding five thousand five hundred and fifty pounds, upon chutes of the account, for defraying the charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's government of Senegambia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 7*51. to laid. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there the foundling shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, hospital not exceeding thirty two thousand seven hundred and twenty

five pounds, upon account, towards further enabling the governors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed and deserted young children, to maintain and educate such children as were received into the said hospital, on or before the twenty fifth day of March9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, exclusive, to the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, inclusive; and that the said sum be issued and paid for the use of the said hospital, without fee or reward, or any deduction whatsoever; and any sum or sums of money, not ex- «, ooool. to the ceeding two thousand pounds, towards enabling the trusteis of British Mu-the British Mufaum to carry on the execution of the trust re- f*uni* posed in them by parliament.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- 45>S6ih Cud, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there Jl^cVto the shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, sinking fund not exceeding forty five thousand five hundred sixty one pounds, the deficiency seven shillings, and ten pence halfpenny, to replace to the fink- of the duties ing fund the like sum paid out of the same, to make good the deficiency on the fifth day of Jufy9 one thousand seven hundred J^ndowsi and sixty five, of the several rates and duties upon offices and ptnlions, and upon houses, and upon windows or lights, which

were

5, 300l. for the civil establishment of West Florida;

1, 7*41* 4^.' towards expence of general

r.---1; n

*34

Anna sexto Georgii III. c. 41. [*75*

were made a fund by an act of the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty for paying annuities at the bank of England^ in respect of five millions borrowed towards the supply granted inj nJ for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty 6 d. to replace eight; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding twenty to the (inking nine thousand two hundred and eleven pounds, twelve shillings, fund, the de- and pence, to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid additional^out ^amc» to ma^c good the deficiency on the tenth day

duties upon of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, of tho

wines import- several additional duties upon wines imported into this king-edj and upon dotn; and certain duties upon all cyder and perry which were cyder and made a fund by an act of the third year of the reign of his

p* present Majesty, for paying annuities in respect of three millions

five hundred thousand pounds, borrowed towards the supply granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred». and sixty three; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding nfthTfin^in^one hundred thirty nine thousand three hundred forty two fund the an"g pounds, two shillings, and four pence, to replace to the sinking nuitiet grant- fund the like sum imied thereout, for paying annuities after the ed in respect rate of four pounds per centum for the year, ended the twenty SST* ninth day of Srpttmbtr, one thousand seven hundred and sixty bills, five, which were granted in respect of certain navy, victualling,

cancelled; and transport bills, and ordnance debentures, delivered in and cancelled pursuant to an act passed in the third year of the reign 4, (991. 14s. of his present Majesty; and any sum or sums of money, not 9d. iq. to re- exceeding four thousand eight hundred and ninety eight pounds, place to*1* fourteen shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, to replace to the charges of filing the like sum issued thereout, for paying the charges management, of management of the said annuities for two years and one half, &c. due the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hun-

9, 7081.17s. dred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of money, not ex-7d. 3q. to re- ceeding eight thousand seven hundred and eight pounds, seven-?nl^n % und teen flings, and seven pence three farthings, to replace to the monies the sinking fund the like sum ilfiicd thereout, to discharge from iiTiied thereout the twenty ninth day of September> one thousand seven hundred to discharge and sixty five, to the twenty fifth day of December following, the amides &c annuities attending such part of the joint stock established by 9'an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, in respect of several navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures, as was redeemed in pursuance 292, 8181. of an act made in the last session of parliament; and any sum mike Cood theor ^ums °* money> not exceeding two hundred ninety two defici«icyof thousand eight hundred and twenty eight pounds, and four the grants for pence farthing, to make good the deficiency of the grants for the last year, the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

These aids to

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority be applied to aforesaid, That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, wo other uies. not^; (fUC(j or applied to any use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufea and purposes before mentioned, or for the several deficiencies, or other payments directed to be

satisfied

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 41. 235

satisfied thereout by any act or acts, or any particular clause or clauses for that purpose contained in any other act or acts of this prefect session of parliament.

XXVIII. Andy as to the said sup of one hundred thirty eight thousand six hundred and seventy four pounds, by this act appro-printed, on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the rules herein Rd* h«

after prescribed shall be duly observed in the application of the the!7McL

said half-pay; that is to say. That no person shall have or re- t; on of the

ceive any part of the same, who was a minor and under the half-pay*

age of sixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, or,

company, in which he served, was reduced; that no person

shall have or receive any part of the same, except such person who did actual service in some regiment, troop, or company;

that no person having any other place or employment of profit,

civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrison or

regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain

or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay$

that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who

has resigned his commission, and has had no commission since;

that no part of the same shall be allowed to any person, by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons

as Would have been otherwise intitled to the same, as reduced

officers; and that no part of the same shall be allowed to

any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight

regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland\ except to such as

were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXIX. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the fifth Recital of year of his present Majesty's reign % intituled An act. for granting clause* in act to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; 5 Gco*S* for applying certain monies therefti mentioned for the service

of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a reward for their trouble; and for allowing further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; the several /applies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned\ were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein exprtffed \ amongst which, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred and thirty five thousand six hundred and six pounds, twelve Jbil-Bngs, and fix pencey was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's landforces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; subject nevertheless to such rules to be observed in the application of the said half pay y as in and by the aforesaid act were prescribed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by the authority aforesaid, That to be h modi of the said sum of one hundred and thirty five thousand

tien of the surplut of the ievei al sums of 135, 6061. 12 s. 6 d. appropriated in >765, to the payment of reduced officers.

Rules to be observed with tefpeft to the sum appropriated to the reduced officers of the tenth com-panics.

[Preamble.]

Act of Geo. 3.C.J9.

further continued to 24 June, 1773.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 42. [1765.

six hundred and six pounds, twelve shillings, and six pence, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced officers, according to the rules prescribed by the said act to be observed in the application thereof, or any part of such overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such officers who are maimed or have lost their limbs in the late wars, or such others as, by reason of their long service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants, under his Majesty's royal sign manual, as shall be signed in that behalf; any thing in this a St pr the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Andy as to the said sum of five thousand seven hundred and eighteen pounds, fix /billings, and eight pence, by this act appropriated for defraying the charge of full pay to officers reduced, with the tenth company of several battalions, reduced from ten to nine companies as aforesaid> it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the same shall be issued and applied for or towards payment of the respective officers of the several battalions in which the before mentioned officers were reduced, in such manner as if such battalions had continued to consist of ten companies, and no such reduction had been made.

CAP. XLII. an act to continue an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for importing salt from Europe, into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the law herein after mentioned, which hath by experience been found useful and beneficial, is near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an acfc made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time, which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, for the term of one year, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June.> one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 43.37

CAP. XLIII.

An act for explaining, amending, further enforcing, the

execution of two Jeroerol acts, one made in the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty, and the other in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for obliging mortgagees taking possession of toll-gates on turnpike roads, and toll gatherers appointed by them, to account.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty fixlh year of his Preamble, relate Majesty, intituled An act for the amendment and ating clan fee preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this ina6t kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the laws re- J*5Sgw"3. lating thereto; it was, amongst other things enacted, That from c. 3*. and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, it Should not be lawful for any waggon or.wain whatsoever {other than and except as therein is excepted) to travel, pass, or be drawn upon any turnpike road\ unless the fellies of the wheels of every such waggon or wain respectively Should be of the breadth or gauge of nine inches from side to side at the leaf, and that every owner or owners of such waggon and wain, driven, drawnf or conveyed, in or upon any turnpike road, contrary to the directions, tenor, or true meaning of the said act, should\ for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner as the said act (tired s, or other wise, Should forfeit and lose one of the horses or be ofts of draught drawing such waggon, not being the Jbaft or thill horse, together with all gears, bridles, haiters, and accoutrements, to such horse or beafi of draught respectively belonging, to the sole use and benefit of the person or persons who Should seize or difirain the same; with a provfo, that nothing in the said act Should extend, or be confirued to extend, to any waggon drawn by less than five horfts or bcafis of draught: and whereas, notwithstanding the directions in the said act, several trustees or cmmissioners of turnpike roads, and several gate-keepers or toll gatherers by them appointed, have permitted waggons and other four wheel carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of a lej's breadth than nine inches, to be drawn and to pass on turnpike roads and through turnpike-gates or bars, with more than four horses; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the trustees or of of every Commission-turnpike-road, or any five or more of them, shall, at their first meeting after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred are eauired, and sixty six, give particular and express orders and directions at incur first* in writing, to every toll-gatherer or gate-keeper on the respect meeting after "five roads under the care and direction of such trustees or com* ^uly*17669 missioners, that they do not permit or suffer any waggon or ten wder^to

other the toil ga:

238 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 43, [1765.

therers, not to other four wheel carriage, having the fellies of the wheels of permit wag- jcfs breadth than nine inches, to be drawn on such turnpike-four wheel* roads > and that if any toll, gatherer or gate-keeper shall permit carriage*, or suffer any waggon or other four wheel carriage, having the with wheel* fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth than nine inches, 9d aru* ^rawn ty more than ^our horses, to be drawn or to pais and drawn by 0X1 any turnpike road witltin the view or with the knowledge more than 4 7 of such gate-keeper or toll-gatherer, or to pass through any horse*, to paf*, toll-gate or bar without seizing or distraining one of the horses without fciz- drawing the same, not being the shaft or thill horse, together borfo, e&c. C whh gears* bridles, haiters, and accoutrements, to such horse and deliver respectively belonging, and delivering the same into the custody the same to of the constable or other parish officer $ and applying to a the constable, justice or justices of the peace for his or their precept to such and apply to Constable or other parish officer, to deliver the same to such liia for Eate"*ccePcr or toll-gathdrcr seizing or distraining the same, to deliverbigup and for his and their own use and benefit, in the manner the the same) said act directs; shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the forfeit* 40*. to sum of forty Shillings; to be recovered in a luminary manner, the informer, before one justice of the peace, to and for the use and benefit of the person or persons who shall inform against such gate-keeper or toll-gatherer.

Partieul Provided always, That nothing in this act, or the ad

carriage*1*- herein before recited, shall extend to any such waggon, or other emptedT four wheel carriage, laden with one block of marble or stone, or

one piece of timber, or one piece of ordnance.

CUufe in act

III. And whereas by an act made in the fifth year of his prefati 5 Geo. 3.0.38, Majesty, intituled An act to continue part of an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King Georg* the Second, intituled An act to render more effectual the fevered laws now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for making further provisions for the preservation of the said roads; it was, amongst other things enabled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by any act of parliament passed, or to be passed, for making, repairing, or amending, any turnpike road, or any person authorized and appointed by them, Jtould, during the time aforesaid, permit and fufiftr ell waggons and wains, having the axle trees thereof of such different lengths, that the dishnce from wheel to wheel of one pair of the said wheels be not mete than four feet two inches, to be measured at the ground; and that the difiance fresh \vhccl to wheel of the other pair thereof Jhculd be such, that the fort and hind wheels of such waggons and wains Jkoula roll a surface of, at leaf, sixteen inches wide on each side of the said waggons and wains; and having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the ireadth of nine inches at the bottom or foie thereof j to pass upon any turnpike road, and through any toll-gate or bar, upon paying only so much of the tolls and duties as Should not exceed one half of the full toll or duty payable, or by the said act intended to be paid, for all waggons ar wains laving the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gauge of

nine

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 43. >239

frjwf from side to side* or for the horses or beast of draught drawing the same, and not rolling a surface of sixteen inches, in the manner herein before set forth: and whereas it would be for the preservation of turnpike reads, and for the conveniency of passengers travelling thereon in coaches and carriages, or on horseback, if the diflame from wheel to wheel, of either pair of the wheels of any broad wheeled waggons or wains, /hould, not be mere than four feet two inches \ and that the defiance from wheel to wheel of the other pair thereof Should be such, that the fore and hind wheels of such waggons and wains Should roll only one single surface or path, on either side of such waggons and wains, ofsixteen inches wide; be it After c Julf, further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no persons7^, uicti passing upon any turnpike road, or through any toll-gate caa5« °nlf or bar thereon, with any waggons or wains, shall be al-the «temp-to lowed the benefit or exemption herein before recited, except tiens granted such waggons or wains shall have the axle trees of such differ- by the recited eqt lengths, that the distance from wheel to wheel, of either a*pair of the said wheels, be not more than four feet two inches, tUnce and feV-to be measured at the ground; and that the distance from wheel lies of their to wheel of the other pair thereof, shall be such, that the fore wheels made and hind wheels of such waggons and wains shall roll only one amjhrnwbte Angle surface or path of sixteen inches wide, at the lea ft, on each side of such waggons and wains; and no persons down* driving any waggons or wains which shall roll two different or separate surfaces or paths, or both or either side of such waggons or wains, although the fellies of the wheels thereof shall be of the breadth of nine inches, shall, after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, be allowed the said benefit or exemption; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas provision was made in the said act, that no per- Recital of fin Should make, or cause to be made, any hedge or other fence on any another dause turnpike road, not inclosed on both fidts, within the diflame of thirty in the said feet; or Should plough or break up the foil of any land or ground' within the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or center of any turnpike road; and if any per fin Should plough or break up the foil of any land or ground within the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or center of any turnpike road, such person Should forfeit the sum of forty shillings; but no penalty was laid on such person as Should make, or cause to be made, such hedge or fence as aforesaid, other than the expence of taking down the same; and it was not declared or directed thereby how the penalty laid on such persons fi ploughing or breaking up the foil as aforesaid, when recovered, Should be applied, or to whom the same Should be paid \ by reason whereof the find provisions have not been effectual for the purposes thereby intended* be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore- The penalty said. That from and after the passing of this act, if any person of 40s. on <shall make, or cause to be made, any hedge or other fence on persons mater near any turnpike road, not inclosed on both (ides, within the distance of thirty feet from the middle or center of such any turnpike turnpike road, such person (besides being liable to have the road, not ia- same doled on both

240 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 43.

[1^65.

lides, within Tame taken down, as by the said act is directed) shall forfeit the jlo feet di- sum of forty shillings, to be recovered in the same manner as stance of the in tjjC js ciire<Sked» with respect to the penalty thereby

xoadT ° C on persons so ploughing or breaking up the foil as

and on persons aforesaid; and also that the said penalties, and each of them, plougjung or when recovered, shall be applied, paid, and belong, to the per-breaking up son or persons respectively upon whose information such penal-withfiM1"feet t*cs» or Clther of them, mall be recovered, of the center of the road, how to be recovered and applied.

V. And whereas it hath happened, or may happen, that mortgagees of the tolls or duties already granted, or that may be hereafter granted, by any act of parliament made or to be made for the making any turnpike road, have taken or may take possession of the toll-gates or bars, with an intent to repay themselves the monies lent, on, or advanced for the use of such roads by such mortgagees:

and whereas there is not, at present, any proper and speedy means of bringing such mortgagees to account for the monies they have received, or may receive, at such toll-gates or bars; be it therefore anytoH^ate*, cna&ec* ty the authority aforesaid, That all and every mortgage to account gcc an^ mortgagees that hath taken or been in possession of upon oath to any toll-gate or bar set up or erected on any turnpike road, the trustees shall, after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred afier an<*xty fourteen days after he, she, or they,

notice from g frail have received notice in writing from the trustees or com-themforthe missioners of such turnpike road, or any five of them, render purpose; upon oath, to be administered and taken by and before one iuf-tice of the peace, or any one trustee or commissioner of nich turnpike road (which oath such justice, trufiee, or commissioner, is hereby authorized and impowered to administer) a true and exact account in writing to such trustees or coo)-missioners, or to any person appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in such notice, of all monies received by such mortgagee or mortgagees, or by any other person or persons, for his, her, or their use and benefit, or by his, her, or their authority, at such toll-gate or bar, and of what he, she, or they, have expended in keeping the same; and that all and every mortgagee and mortgagees of such tolls, taking or being in the possession of any toll-gate or bar after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, shall, within fourteen days after such notice in writing from such trustees or of, or any five of them, render a like account, upon oath, to be sworn before one justice of the peace, or one trufiee or commissioner of such turnpike road, in writing (which oath such justice, trufiee, or commissioner, is hereby authorized and impowered to administer) to such trustees or of, or to any person appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in such notice, of all monies by them received, or by any person or persons for their use or benefit, or by his, her, or their authority, at such toll-gate or bar, not before accounted for, and of the sum or sums he, she, or they, have expended in keeping the lame 5 and in case he, she, or they,

in

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 43; 241

in either case respectively, shall neglect to render such account when required, in the manner herein directed, he, she, or they, shall severally forfeit and pay to the said trustees or com- °n forfeiture missioners, for every refusal, neglect, or omission to render*such account, the sum of five pounds; to be recovered bytobe recover-the said trustees or of, or any five or more of ed in a sum-them, or by the treasurer or clerk to such trustees or com- maryway, missioners, in a summary manner, before one justice of the anj jic(j to peace; and, when recovered, shall be applied to the use of the use of the the respective road or roads whereon such toll-gate or bar shall road, be placed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the gate-keeper or toll-gatherer of every such toll-gate

or bar shall, when required by notice in writing from the -f

laid trustees or of, or any five or more of them, to account*up-render upon oath, to be administered by and taken before on oath, when any one justice of the peace, trustee or commissioner of such required by turnpike road (which oath such justice, trustee, or commis- (rom fioner, is hereby authorized and impowered to administer) a ah monies r<£ true and exact account in writing to the said trustees or com- ceived not be-missioners, or to any person to be named in such notice ap- fore account-pointed by them, or any five of them, of all monies received for>

by him, her, or them, at such toll-gate or bar, not before.-

accounted for, under the penalty of twenty shillings for every*°

such offence or neglect; to be recovered in a summary man- to be recover-ner before any one justice of the peace, and applied to the «d in a fuiu-use of the respecttive road on which such toll-gate shall be ma!7 placed. ua^p0f 10

VII. Provided always, That such gate keeper or toll-gatherer the road;

shall not hereby be obliged to account oftener than once in every ^ut js not fourteen days. obliged to ac-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, count oftener

That if any such mortgagee or mortgagees shall keep possession j.han..0I?ce a of any toll-gate or bar by him, her, or themselves, or by any °rtnlfi '

other person or persons on his, her, or their behalf, and receive {^2n?pof-the tolls or duties thereat, after such mortgagee or mortgagees session ffter hall have received the full sum or sums of money due on their receiving hisefpe6Hve mortgage or mortgages, and the interest thereof; such debt with in-xiortgagee or mortgagees shall forfeit and pay, as a penalty, toerc /

: hc said trustees or of, double the sum or sums of the tb* lu* C money he, she, or they, shall have received over and above the money^re- sum or sums of money due on such mortgage or mortgages, ceived, and and the interest thereof, with treble costs o? (uit; to be reco- interest, with irered by the said trustees or of, or by the treasurer t^1? cost$ or clerk to such trustees or of, by action of debt, 0 m bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts uf record at IViJlmmfterj and when recovered shall be applied (6 the use of the respective road or roads on which such toll- 4

jato or bar shall be placed.

j IX. And whereas by several acts of parliament for the amendment mdjrffervation of the public highways and turnpike re#ds of this rVoi. XXVIr: R' king-

24. Anno sexto Georgii III. 6.44. f 1 jr6j.

kingdom, the persons guilty of froeral offences again]} the said acts are subject to the forfeiture of one of the horses or beasts drawing the waggon, cart, or carriage, of such offender, with all geers, bridles, Convictions baiters, and accoutrements, to such horje or beast belonging, upon proof for offences of the offence upon oath before one justice of the peace \

against the such horse or other beajl to be immediately delivered to the person or turnpike acts, persons who seized or distrained the same, to and for his and their n^lt^is the*" own use benefit: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the forfeiture of P&f0* distraining is a competent witness for the proof of such offence-, one of the for removing of such doubts, be it further enacted by the authority

horses, is to aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thou-be upon the fan(j seven hundred and sixty six, no such conviction shall be vitneAes not^or ma<*e unless upon the oath of one or more credible wit-interested. ness or witnesses not interested in such seizure.

A I. th X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons quarter fcf- C ^ink him, ^er» or themselves, aggrieved by the determi-2ons allowed, nation of any justice of the peace, he, she, or they, may appeal to the then next general quarter session of the peace, who shall No Certiorari finally determine the matter of such appeal, and allow such to be against costs not exceeding forty shillings to either party as such session their determi- shall think fit 5 on which determination no Certiorari shall lie nation. or brought.

iTrusteea may

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a a as justices That any trustee or commissioner of any turnpike road appoint-hi all matters ed, or to be appointed, by virtue of any act now or hereafter to relatinu to theb, made, may act as a justice of the peace in hearing and de-which they are ternn'nS °^nces> and all other matters, relating to mch road, tiuftecs. in as full and ample a manner as if he was not commissioner oc / trustee; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to continue several laws therein mentioned relating t§ the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported; to the encouragement of tbt, jtlk manufactures \ and for taking off several duties on

merchandize exported, and reducing other duties 5 to tin premium upon masts, yards, and bowsprits, tar, pitch, and turpentineto the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America-, to the Jeaeringtbi, duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign

made fails with a duty, and for enlarging the times, limited for executing and performing several provisions, powers, and directions, in acts of this session of parliament

gamble. TJTT'HEREAS the laws herein after mentioned, which have by r V experience, been found ifeful amt beneficial, are near expiring i may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most-excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords (pM*

tual

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 44^ 243

tual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a clause in Clause in act an a & made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his9J 10W1II.3. late majesty King William the Third, intituled An act to settle continued* by tbt trade to Africa, for allowing, during a limited time, a draw- several subse-back of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars import- quest att«, cd 5 and which clause was to continue in force for the term of thirteen years, and from thence to the end of the then nqxt session of parliament; and which clause, after the expiration thereof, was, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her majesty Queen Anne, revived and continued; and also a and a prehrish proviso in the last mentioned act contained, that no drawback ^jch should be allowed on the exportation of any copper but such as alfcTcon-bad been, or Should be, imported from the East Indies and the tinued by coast of Barbary only; and which said clause and proviso, by several isubse-several subsequent acts of the thirteenth year of the reign of his cl lent late majesty King George the First, and of the fifteenth, twenty sixth, and thirty second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, were continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from % n further the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, one continued to thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and from thence to2*JUnc* W* the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Certaindaufes That so much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign in aAS Geo. x* of hi« late majesty King Georg*the First, for the encouragement^ of the uJk manufactures of this kingdom, and ror taking oft (tvm\ subse. several duties on merchandizes exported, and for reducing the quest duties upon bever skins, pepper, mace, cloves, and nutmegs, imported, and for importation of all furs of the product of the British plantations, into this kingdom only; and that the two corporations of assurance, on any (bits brought on their policies, shall be liable only to single damages and costs of fuir, as rtlates to the encouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom, and to the taking off several duties on merchandizes exported, which was to continue in force for three years, from the twenty fifth day of March % one thousand seven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequent -acts made in the eleventh yCar of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty sixth, and thirty second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, hath been continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six,

Mod from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from are further the expiration thereof, until the said twenty fourth day of Junr> con£j^u€d to 00c thou&rid seven hundred and seventy four, and from fhencq e>774* to the end of the then next session of parliament.

JU

111. ArA

244 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 44/ [176$.

Certain clan fes And hc lt furt, ier enacted by the authority aforesaid,

in act s Geu.a. That so much of an act made in the second year of the reign which were of his late majesty King George the Second, for the better precontinued by servation of, his Majesty's woods u\ America, and for the en-^lent aS* couragcment of the importation of naval (lores from thence,

and to encourage the importation of marts, yards, and bow-fprits, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the premiums upon marts, yards, and bowsprits, tar, pitch, ar.«i turpentine, which was to continue in force from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, for the term of thirteen years, and to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequent acts made in the thirteenth and twenty fourth years of his said late Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by another act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and which by another act made iti the thirty second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from

c^'nuiedto t*ience to t*lc cn^ of ^en next session of parliament; shall a^unef 1774. ke> an(l the same hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, wh^cli^was* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ntinu(SSby That an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late ma-several subse- jesty King George the Second, for encouraging the growth of quest a£h, coffee in his Majesty's plantations i\\ Am.rica, which was to continue in force from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequent acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty fifth, and thirty second years of his said late Majesty's reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the is further con-end of the then next session of parliament (except such part t.nued (except thereof as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign nie^mporta-10 c°hec into, a°d from, the British colonies and plantations in rion and ex America) shall be, and the same is hereby further continued parration of from the expiration thereof, until the said twenty fourth day of.offce) to4 June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and from June, 1774. t[ience to the end of the then next session of parliament. Act9 Geo. i. V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidi which was That an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his connau Majesty f^ing George the Second, for the more efffaSual securing

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 44. 245

securing the duties now payable on foreign made sail cloth im-several subse-ported into this kingdom; and for charging all foreign made quest fails with a duty; and for explaining a doubt concerning ships being obliged at their first setting out to sea to be furnished with One compleat set of fails made of British sail cloth, which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the term of seven

!rears, and from thence to the end of the then session of parliament; and which by rwo subsequent acts made in the twenty*' sixth and thirty second years of the reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of Jwei one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and is further the same is hereby further continued from the expiration there- cont, nwcd to of, until the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven14 Junc> 1774* hundred and seventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VI. And whereas by one or more act or acts of thit present session of parliament, several provisions, powers, authorities, mat* ters, and things, therein contained, have been, are, or may be, re-fuiredy directid, or authorized, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the day or days of puffing or putting into execution such act or acts, whereby the good purposes thereby intended may be defeated 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The tjmei \\m in case any act or acts of parliament hath or have paflW), or mited for ex-Shall pass, during this present session of parliament, whereby ecuting and any provision, power, or authority, or any matter or thing, hath ^cJ^r|mlro^. been, is, or shall be, directed, required, or authorized, to bCf^"p^c^ executed, done, cr performed, on or before any day or days and diredi-which hath or have been, is, arc, or shall be, the day or days ons, in acts of of the passing, or the day or days of the putting the said act or acts into execution, or which hath, is, or shall have, elapsed, before the passing or putting into execution any such act or acts respectively, or which cannot be executed, done, and performed, as therein is mentioned; then, and in each and every such case, all such provisions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, as have been, are, or shall be, authorized, directed, or required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the day or days respectively limited in every such ad, shall be, and are hereby authorized, directed, and required, to be executed, art enlarged done, and performed, oA or before the day five weeks next af- to the day 5 ter the end of this present session of parliament, by the persons WxCC, cs^cxtd respectively who, in every such ad respectively, have been, are, this session or shall be, authorized, directed, or required, to execute, do,

or perform, the same, on or before the day or days therein limited; and all such provisions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, as have been, are, or shall be, authorized, directed, or required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or helpre the respective day or days limited in every such ad respecthrely, may be, and are hereby authorized, directed, and required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the

R 3 day

things, being then executed,

346 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 45. [1765.

day five weeks next after the end of this present session of par* Jiament, by the persons respectively who have been, or shall be, and the said authorized, directed, or required, to execute, do, or perform, fi?nsapo«Mire *me: anc* Pr0Vlfi°nss powers, authorities, matters,

matters!and and things, so executed, done, and performed, on or before the day hve weeks next after the end of this present session, shall be as valid and effectual, and shall be so deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, as if the lame had been are declared executed, done, and performed, on or before the day or days ^obe valid and limited in every such act respectively; any thing herein eon-fffeftuul. tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLV, fin act for allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage; and for discontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported.

frpwbile, "WHEREAS the wealth and prosperity of this kingdom doth*V V very much depend upon the improvement of its manufacture^ and the exportation thereof \ which exportation oughty by all proper mans, to he encouraged, for the more comfortable support of greet numbers of his Majesty's subjects employed in the making or working of such manufactures, and for the enlargement of the commerce of Great Britain: and whereas the manufacture of hemp into cordage basy of late years, been greatly improved in this kingdom; and there is reason to believe, that the exportation of such cordage into foreign parts would considerably increasey if some allowance was made upon the exportation thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, during the term of five years, and from thence 5 years, a to the end of the then next session of parliament, there shall bounty of % s.^pajd or allowed for and upon every hundred weight, con-lowed^pon*ta'^ng one hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois, every cwt of of cordage, wrought up and manufactured in Great Britain pordagema- from foreign rough hemp, or hemp of the growth of Great rufactured in Qritainy except hemp of the growth or produce of the British from Voreign Colonies or plantations in America^ which shall be really and roueji hemp, truly exported out of this kingdom to parts beyond the seas prtfritish (except the isle of Man) by way of merchandize, and so in Iwp (th.at °* proportion for any greater or leuer quantity thereof, by way eofom^x^11 bounty, the sum of two shillings and four pence three pepted) ex- farthings; which said allowance or bounty shall be paid and ported as mer-answered to the person or persons so exporting the same, by chandize to $he customer or collector of the customs, with the privity of ferafPPVUi the comptroller of the port from whence the same shall be exported, on a debenture to be made forth by the said customer or collector, according to the entry of the goods and the ship-sing thereof, verified by the for&crj w4 qgtfr m*de by the

eiportff

from and after 1 July,

1766, daring

the term of

*47

exporter or manufacturer thereof, on the entry or debenture

before the customer, or collector or comptroller of such port,

that the said cordage is of British manufacture, and made from hemp imported from foreign parts, or from hemp of the growth of Great Britain, and not from hemp of the growth or produce of the British colonies or plantations in America; and exported, or intended to be exported, to parts beyond the seas, and not relanded, or intended to be relanded, in any part of Great Britain, or the isle of Man\ the exporter with one or more the exporter

person or persons first giving sufficient security to the said 6*"-

customer or collector of the port, in a penalty of the value cxSitatfon

of the goods (which security the said customer or collector ihcwf.

is hereby impowered to take in the name, and to the use,

of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors) that such cordage

so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof,

shall not be relanded, or brought on shore again, in any port or place of Great Britain, or the isle of Man\ and such security shall be discharged in the manner hereafter mention* ed; that is to say, for such of the said goods as shall be enr tered for, or landed in, the kingdom of Ireland, the islands of Guernsey^ Jersey^ Alderney y or Sark, the condition of the bond Condition of shall be, to bring in a certificate in discharge thereof within the bond, six months from the date of the bond; and within eighteen months for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, any of his Majesty's plantations in America or Africa; and within thirty months for such of the said goods as mail be entered for, or landed in, any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope: which said certificate for such Certificate by cordage as aforesaid as shall be landed in any port or place whom to be where any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs shall befiSnc<*« resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, importing that such goods were there landed, testifying the landing thereof j and for such cordnge as aforesaid as shall be entered for the islands of Jet fey, Giurnfey

Aldemc fyor Sark, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, if any such officer or officers shall be residing in those islands respectively; and for want of such officer residing the re, then by the governor of those islands, or the deputy governor thereof respectively; and for such cordage as aforesaid as shall be entered for any other foreign port or place* to bring a certificate under the common seal of the chief magistrate in such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two. known British merchants then being at such port or place, that such cordage was there landed; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged, upon proof, in either of the said cases, that such goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the commissioners of the customs in England or Scotland respectively for the time being.

II. Andy for the better printing frauds in the entering the said Officer ma/ goods to the prejudice of the revenue, be it further enacted by the

R4

autho-

248

Anno sexto Georgii III.

c. 45. [1765.

authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any fcarcher, or other proper officer of the customs, after the entry of any of the said goods, and before or after the shipping thereof, to open, and strictly examine, any bale, quoil, or other package, as now by law they may do, to fee if the goods are repacking the right entered; and if, on such examination, the same shall be same, it no found to be right entered, the officer shall, at his own charge, fraud appear, caiJfe the same to^rcpacked to the satisfaction of the exporter; charge?which charge shall be allowed to the said officer by the com-

is to be allow- missioners of the customs, if they think it reasonable; but in ed by the case the said officer shall find goods, or any part thereof, entered commissioners under a wrong denomination, or to be less in quantity than ex-stoms* LU" Pre^ in the exporter's indorsement upon the entry of such hut if any cordage, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded in the fraud appear, allowance to be paid on the exportation of such goods, contrary the goods are to the true intent and meaning of this aall such goods, so forfeit'd* with wrong entered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the exporter or owner of such goods shall also forfeit the value thereof, to be profecured and divided as herein after mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author rity aforesaid, That if any dispute shall arile concerning the said cordage; that is to say, whether the same was-made in Great Britain, or is intitled to the bounty granted by this act, the Onus probandi shall lie on the exporter, claimer, or owner thereof, and not on the officer.

Onusptobamii to lie on the exporter.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the said cordage shipped to be exported, for which allowance is hereby made, shall be relanded or unshipped in any port or place in Great Britain, or the Isle of Man, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, without the licence of one or more of the principal officers of such port or place first had and obtained, or unless it be in case of distress, to save the said goods from perishing; the goods (over and above the penalty of the bond to be levied and recovered to his Majesty's use as aforesaid) and treble the value of such goods, shall

bond and* (or^c'te^ a°d and shall and may be prosecuted, recover-

treble value. ed, and divided, in the manner herein after mentioned.

The bounty V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be paid out That the said allowance shall and maybe paid by the respective of the duties customer or collector, out of any money i A his hands arising from customs or other duties upon hemp imported, or to be imported, from parts beyond the seas; and the money so paid shall be accepted of in his or their account as so much paid to his Majesty, and he and they is, are, and shall be, discharged and in case of thereof accordingly; and in case any collector of the customs warn of mo- in any out port in South Britain, or of any port in North Britain, shall not have money sufficient in his hands to pay such bounty, that then every such collector shall, if thereunto required, forthwith, without fee or reward, give to the person or persons in-tilled to Inch bounty, a certificate under his baud, attested by the

treble the value.

In disputes whether the

foods are of iritish manufacture, anti-tied to the bounty, the

If the goods be relanded without licence,

unless in case of distress, they are forfeited, together with the

upon hemp imported, by the customer or collector j

ucy, he is to give a certificate for the same, &c.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 45. 249

the comptroller, certifying to the of of Jiis Majesty's customs in London, if such cordage is exported from any port..in that part of Great Britain called England, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs at Edinburgh, if such cordage is exported from any port in that part of Great Britain called

Siotland, that he hath not money in his bands sufficient to pay the said bounty, and also what is due for the same to such person or persons; and upon producing such certificate, and the.

debenture of the cordage exported, the said respective of of the customs mall cause to be paid, without fee or reward* by the receiver general, or cashier of the customs at London or Edinburgh respectively, to the person or persons producing every such certificate and debenture, the sum or Turns of money so certified to be due, out of the monies arising froiri any of the duties, revenues, and customs, under the management of such respective of; and if the receiver general, or cashier of the customs at Edinburgh* shall not hav$ money sufficient in his hands to pay the bounty so certified to be due, the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs at Edinburgh^ or any three of them, shall forthwith, without fee or reward, give such exporter, or feller for exportation, a certificate certifying the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs at London, which certificates being affixed to the debentures for the bounty of the said cordage so exported, and being produced to the said of of his Majesty's customs at-London, they the said of are hereby authorized and required, on demand by such exporter or feller Tor exportation, or other person legally authorized to receive the same, that shall bring such certificate and debenture, to cause, the money thereby certified to be due to be paid by the receiver general, or cashier of the customs, without fee or reward, out of the monies that shall be in his hands arising from any of the duties, revenues, and customs, payable on foreign 'rough hemp, under the management of the said of at London.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Bounty not to said. That the bounty intended to be given by this ashall extend to not extend to cordage re-manufa<ftured from any sort of old cables, old ropes, or old cordage whatsoever, commonly called cor afic" Twice laved cordage.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority {Tpon aforesaid, That in case any of the customs or other duties now demption, or payable on the importation of foreign rough hemp, shall, during ceasing of the

the continuance of this act, be redeemed, or otherwise cease to duties» be payable, so much of the allowance to be made on the ex- a pr0portioa-portation of the cordage before-mentioned shall be abated, as able abate-Shall bear a proportion to the customs or duties so redeemed, ment to be or that shall cease to be payable on rough hemp; any thing r^de °*herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. unty*

VIII. And, for the further encouragement of the exportation of Drawback al-urdsgo mnufactured in Great Britain; be it further enacted by lowed by any

'*the former a&a on

*50 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 46. [1765.

exportation of the authority aforesaid, That the drawback which by any act foreign^rou|h or acts Df parliament is allowed and made payable upon the emp exportation of foreign rough hemp from this kingdom, shall, from and after the passing of this act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Recovery and

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, application of That the several penalties and forfeitures in this act men-Ibcfriture*. tioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of re- cord at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh respectively, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and one moiety of the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the use of the King's majesty, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue for or prosecute for the same.

Limitation of X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may General issue. plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the Treble costs, defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble eofts, and have the like remedy for the same, as the defendant or de> fendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for explaining part of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present relating to the removal

for borne consumption of spirits made for exportation; for laying an additional duty upon the importation crapes and tiffanies-, for allowing the exportation of a certain quantity of gum fenegaand gum arabic to Ireland, free of

duty, for the use of the manufacturers there-, for permitting the importation into this from the Isle of

Man, of a certain quantity of bugles -, and for altering certain regulations relating to the tonnage of ships exporting and importing spirits.

Preamble, re- \\f WHEREAS/yj clause in an act of parliament in the

cjtwgclaufein ftcond year of the reign of his, An

ft » Geo. ). for more effectually preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors for home consumption, by laying additional duties upon ipitits made in Great Britaint or imported into the same -, and for

*5«

for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of British made spirits 5 and for securing the payment of the duties upon spirituous liquors; it was, amongst ether things, provided and entiled, That if any di/tiUtr or difiitlers for exportation, after he, she, or they have depositea arty spirits made for exportation (whether raw or rectified) in manner as by the said act is directed, in a warehouse or warehouses, Should be desirous of tiling any such spirits for home qonfumption, and Should signify such his, her, or their desire to the of of excifi for the time being, it Should and might be lawful for the said of, or any two of them, to dir eft the quantity of spirits so desired to be taken out of such warehouse or ware-bou/es, and delivered to such distiller or difiiUers, he, she, or they, having first duly paid to the proper officer of excise appointed to receive the duties on low wines and spirits, the sum of forty pounds ten shillings for each ton of such spirits of the strength they were taken into such warehouse, videlicet, One to fix under hydrometer proof: and whereas doubts have arisen whether, by virtue of the above recited clause, any spirits made for exportation, other than spirits made from corn, may be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses to be used for home consumption, on payment of forty pounds ten shillings for each ton thereof: now, for obviating such doubts for the future, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the.lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the cited dause " power granted by the said recited clause to remove spirits made declared to for exportation from such warehouses, to be used for home con- to such fumption, on payment of forty pounds ten shillings for each ton ^r^ade from of such spirits, was intended to extend to such spirits as are corn, malt, or made from corn, malt, or melasses, and to such spirits only. mclailes.

II. Provided always, That no less quantity than a ton of such Not lets than

spirits shall be taken out of any such warehouse, at any one v ton to be time, for home consumption. ta, 5cn °_ut at

III. And whereas the laying an additional duty on fill crapes and hJlTTcon-

tiffames of the manufacture of Italy, may encourage the manufacture fumption. of such crapes and tiffanies in this kingdom; be it enacted by the r

authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of August, ter^August* one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, there shall be paid 1766, an act to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for every pound weight ditional duty of silk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy imported of j7$* 6td* into Great Britain (each pound containing sixteen ounces) the p|J*c on sum of seventeen shillings and lix pence, over and above all aii Italian silk other rates and duties by any act or acts of parliament imposed crapes and thereupon; and that the said additional duty by this act grant- tiffanies im-ed, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such manner port*.

as the duties now payable upon (ilk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, have been raised, levied, collected, and paid; and all monies which shall and may arise out of the said additional duty, shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund fPX) iponly called The sinking fund j and the same shall be deemed

<u4

«52

the monies to be carried into, and made part of the sinking fund.

A drawback of one half of the additional duty to he allowed upon the exportation thereof.

from and after 14 June, 1766, liberty given to export to Ireland any quantity of gum senega or gum arable, not exceeding 30 tons in any one year; licence being tirtt had from the treasury;

and the ex-'

curity for the due landing, fee* thereof,

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 46.

[176$.

and taken to be part of the same sinking fund, and shall be issued and applied to such uses and purposes as the several excesses, surplusses, or overplus monies, composing the sinking fund, are or may be issued and applied; and all provisions of or in every &ct, law or Statute, now in force for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties already imposed on silk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Itafy % shall be in full force, and shall be put in execution, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the additional duty by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, upon the exportation tof such silk crapes and tifsanies, which shall have paid the said duty by this act imposed, there shall be allowed a drawback of one half of the said additional duty of seventeen shillings and six pence upon every pound weight of such crapes and tiffanies so exported (each pound containing sixteen ounces) which said drawback shall be made or allowed according to such rules and methods as drawbacks are allowed by any law now in force relating to the customs on the exportation of such silk crapes and tiffanies.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fourteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's subjects, being natives of Great Britain or Ireland, to export from Great Britain to Ireland, to be used in the linen manufactures of that kingdom, any quantity of gum senega or gum arabic, so that the whole quantity to be exported of both the said gums, do not exceed thirty tons weight avoirdupois in any one year, without paying any custom or duty for or upon the exportation thereof; provided notice be first given to the commi (Tinners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, of the quantity of such gums respectively so intended to be exported, with the name of the ship and master in which the same is to be laden, and the port in Ireland to which the same is intended to be carried $ and a licence for that purpose is taken under the hands of the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said high treasurer for the time being, which licence he or they is and are hereby respectively authorized and impowered to grant; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, before any such gums respectively shall be shipped or laden on board any ship or vessel in Great Britain, to be exported to Ireland, by virtue of such licence as aforesaid, the exporter shall give bond, with sufficient security, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in the sum of three pounds and ten shillings for every hundred weight of fqcb gums respectively*

253

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 46.

that the same, and every part thereof, shall (the danger of the Teas excepted) be well and truly exported to, and landed at some port in, the kingdom of Ireland, to be named and expressed in such bond; and, upon landing, be immediately lodged and fe- andwarehoufi-cured in such warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his heirs, ing the same; and successors, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them for the time being, shall direct and appoint; and to produce, within twelve months from andproduciag the date of each respective bond, to the of of the^customs, or the principal officers of the customs; at the port months, where such bond shall have been given, a certificate under the hands and seals of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officers of the customs, at the port where such gums re-ljpc<ftively shall be landed and secured, that the same have been so landed and delivered into their custody and possession; and the said gums shall not be afterwards taken out of such ware- Gums not to house, until the owner or proprietor of such gums respectively b*shall -have given bond, with sufficient security, to his Majesty, warehouse?*his heirs, and successors, in the sum of fifty pounds for every till bond and hundred weight of such gums respectively, not to export the security be lame again from the kingdom of Ireland\ but to ufc, fell, or dif- Siven n<*to pose of, the same in or for the linen manufactures of the said the kingdom, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever; and that but to use or he will not fell such gums for any greater price than he paid for dispose of the the same; which last mentioned bond shall continue in force for |?mc the one year from and after the date thereof; and in case no fraud "

shall appear within that time, it shall and may be lawful for the the kingdom, of of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, or any three &c. or more of them, to direct the said bond to be delivered up and cancelled.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That it shall and maybe lawful for the of of the ersofthecu-customs in that part of Great Britain called England, or any stoms impow-three or more of them, at any time before the twenty first day of Jufy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, but no longer, fmport a c°r. to grant licence without fee or reward, in such cases as they tain quantity shall think proper, to any person or persons to import into any of bugles from port in England, from the Isle of Many in British ships navi gat-

ed according to law, any quantity of bugles, not exceeding in an' the whole twenty five thousand pounds weight avoirdupois, which were imported into the said Isle of Man before the first day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; so as notice be given to the said of of the quantities and package of such bugles so intended to be imported, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the ship and master in which the same are intended to be laden, and the port into which they are intended to be brought, and proof be made by oath of the proprietor (or if the proprietor be a Quaker, by his affirmation) and by the oath of one other credible person, of the time when the bugles, for which such licence is desired, were imported into the said Isle of Man.

z VIII. And

*54

Upon entry of the buglet, the licence for importation to be delivered up.

Bugles liable to duties, dec.

Clauses in two atitof 33 Geo. a*

Ad 33 Geo.

& 5 Geo. 3.

From and after4. June, 1766, British made spirits allowed to be exported 5 and rums and spirits of the British sugar plantations, to be exported, or imported, in vessels not less than 70 tons bur-tbcJL

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 46. [1765.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon entry of any such bugles, the licence granted for importing the same shall be delivered up by the matter, or other person taking charge of the vessel, to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at the port of importation, to be by such officer transmitted to the said commissioners of the customs to be cancelled ? and the said bugles shall be liable to the same duties, restrictions, and regulations, in all respects* as bugles imported into Great Britain from foreign parts are now liable to by law; any law* custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an act made in the thirty third year of his late majesty King George the Second* intituled An act for preventing the excefTive ufc of spirituous liquors, by laying additional duties thereon; for shortening the prohibition of making low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and from meal, flour, and bran; and for encouraging the exportation of British j made spirits; and for more effectually Teeming the duties payable upon spirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof; the exportation* as merchandize* of British made spirits is limited to vessels of one hundred tons at the leaf: and whereas by another act made in the said thirty third year erf his said Majesty* intituled An act for encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the British lugar plantations, from this kingdom, and of British spirits made from mclafles; the exportation of rum and spirits from this kingdom* as merchandize* of the growth % producey and manufacture, of tbs British sugar plantations* is also limited to vessels of one hundred tons at the leaf: and whereas by an act mail in the (act jission of parliament* intituled An act for the better securing, and further improvement, of the revenues of customs, excise, inland and salt duties; and for encouraging the lineit manufacture of the Isle of Man \ and for allowing the importation of several goods the produce and manufacture of the said Bland, under certain restrictions and regulations; the importation into this kingdom of any foreign spirits is limited to vessels of om hundred tons at the least: and whereas it would be of great convenience to trade and navigation if such exportation to certain places* and such importation, were to be allowed in vessels of less burthen than one hundred tons; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June4 one thousand seven hundred and sixty hx, any British made spirits may be exported as merchandize from this kingdom to Africa and Newfoundland* in any vessel not being of less burthen than seventy tons; and any rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the British sugar plantations, may be exported from this kingdom as merchandize to Africa*. Irelaui* and Newfoundland, in any vessels not being of less burthen than seventy tons; and that any rum or other spirits of the growth and manufacture of the British sugar plantations, maybe imported or brought into this kingdom in any vessel of not lets burthen than seventy tons; all which exportation and importation

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 4/v '45

tien shall, in all other respects, be made under and subject to the powers, authorities, rules, regulations, limitations, restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, in the £ud acts contained respectively, and not otherwise.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for laying additional duties on certain spirits imported; and for prolonging the time allowed by law for lodging and keeping in warehouses rum and spirits imported.

WHEREAS the importation of foreign brandy, and spirits Preamble hath of late confukrably increased, to the prejudice of the trade of his Majestfs dominions: therefore we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons or Great Britain, in parliament assembled* most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from The following and after the fird day of july^ one thousand seven hundred and additional du-sixty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto ties on foreign his Majesty, tyis heirs, and successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the following additional rates and duties of ptacefronfand excise herein after mentioned; that is to say. For every gallon after 1 July, of single brandy, spirits, or aqua vitae, imported into Great Bri- 1766; tain from beyond the seas, not being the produce of the British per

colonies or plantations, to be paid by the importer before land- ^e^nui-ing, six pence; and for every gallon of brandy, spirits, or aqua vitae, above proof, commonly called double brandy, imported in- & ?*. per gal-to Great Britain from beyond the seas, not being the produce of Ion on double the British colonies or plantations, to be paid by the importer be*

before landing, one shilling. ... foi?landing/

II. And for the better ascertaining, chargings collecting, rai/ingy levying* and securing, the said additional rates and duties, and preventing frauds therein; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the rates and duties as are hereby imposed^phedotiew to upon the said spirituous liquors imported into England, Wales> t* under the or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the receipt receipt and and management of the of and officers of his Maje- management fly's revenue of excise in England for the time being; and that °\2[* con^iMt such of the said rates and duties as are hereby imposed upon ^ce^f the said spirltuoys liquors imported into Scotland, shall be tin- exrift > der the receipt and management of the of and officers of excise in Scotland for the time being; and the said respectivo> commissioners, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commission under their respective hands and seals, to consti-tote end appoint under them such officers as shall be necessary-hft M behalfj and that alt the monies arising by the said addi- and to be paid tional rates and duties in Great Britain, or any part thereof (the into the ex* geceflary charges of raising and accounting for the lame except- cheY*?9 «d) Qua, tnm tmo to umc, be paid iqto the yeccip^hU |^r^ti"

J

256 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 47.' [1765.

Majesty's exchequer at Wtfiminjhr., and shall be applied in such manner as the duties laid on brandy, spirits, and aqua vitae, by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors, by laying additional duties thereon, and for other purposes, are now appropriated and applied, and to be af-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ried"and fe" ^at the additional rates and duties by this act granted, curedfas the ascertained, charged, collected, raised, levied, and secured, former dutict in such and the same manner, and under such regulations, and upon the said with such powers and authorities, as are granted, prescribed, liquors. and appointed, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, with respect to the rates and duties formerly granted upon the importation of the said spirituous liquors.

Recital of

IV. And whereas by an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of

clauses in aft his late majesty King George the Second, to impower the importers or 15 Geo. a. proprietors of rum or spirits of the British sugarplantations, to land

the same before payment of the duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expence, and for other purposes, it was enabled, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty two, all such rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British sugar plantations, as Should be imported into the kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said sugar plantations, or any of them, upon the entry thereof might forthwith, and before payment of all or any part of the duty of excise charged upon the same, be landed from on board the ship or vessel in which the same Should be ft imported, and carried and put into such wareheufe or warehouses as Should be for that purpose provided (at the charge of the respective proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of such rum or spirits) and Should be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being, upon the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of such rum or spirits that Should be so landed, first giving (at his or their charge and expence) his or their bond, or other good and fivfficient security, which the of or' other proper officers of the excise were thereby required and impowered to tale, for payment of all and every the duties of excise which rum or spirits was charged with, and liable to pay, as foots as the same Should be sold, in case the same Should be sold within six months from and after the time the same Should be so landed and put into warehouses 'as aforesaid; and in case the fume Should not he fold within the said six months, then to pay the same at the end of such six months; such duty of excise to be computed according to the gage of such rum or spirits, to be taken at the time the same Should be J&> landed and lodged in warehouses as aforesaid: and it is in and bytb*>

said oft further enacted, That in case such rum or spirits. fbonldf

after landed, be permitted or fuss ere d to remain in such warihouftofl warehouses, in which the same Should be ft lodged for theparpoftt aforesaid, for any time exceeding the space of six months after the same Should be so landed and lodged in such wareheufe as a for Amis and the importer or proprietor, or other persons or porfim by ttmjm

them

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 47. 257

hem appointed, Should not, within the J'aid six months, pay, <?r 0 so paid, to the collector or receiver of the excise duties appointed to eceive the same, all and every the duties of excise to which the fime vere subject and liable; and Should omit to procure or bring fitch cer-'ificate, therein before directed to be had and made, from such collec-or or receiver to such warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers, and to be officer of excise attending the same, of the payment of the said futies of excise within the time aforesaid; that then it Should and night be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, or the najor part of them, for the time being, to aired and order such rum r spirits, Jo lodged in such warehouse or warehouses, for which the rasd duties Should not be paid within the time aforesaid, to be put up to ole at publick cant or auction to the best bidder or bidders for the fame\ mi that the money arifeng by such sale Should, in the first place, be applied in discharge of the duties payable thereon, and the charges at-ending such warehouse or warehouses, and also the expence of such ale j and the surplus of the monies so arising by such sale (if any) fter payment of the said duties and charges, Should go and be paid to be proprietor or importer of the said rum and spirits who so landed nd Ipdged the same in the said warehouse: and whereas it may tend 0 the encouragement of the importation and re-exportation of rum or bints of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British sugar Carnations into and from this kingdom, and be of greater ease to the roprietor or importer of the same, if the said term of six months, y the said act given and granted for such rum or spirits Jo to be vanhoused in the manner by the said act directed, be enlarged to a mger time; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, The term of* That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven 6 months Kindred and sixty six, the said term of six months, so given and granted by the panted in and by the said act of the fifteenth year of his late recited act, ^naiefty King George the Second above recited, shall be extended mo enlarged to the space of twelve calendar months for the British sugar purposes in the said act mentioned, under the same provisions plantations to and regulations, and with such powers and authorities, as are bewarehous-granted, prescribed, or appointed, in and by the said recited act, j^nt or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, with respect duties of ex-to the landing and warehousing of rum or spirits of the growth, cife, after produce, or manufacture, of the British sugar plantations into the kingdom of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any tiling done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue. General issue. and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action or actions, or be nonsuited} or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any Treble Costs. such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

258 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 48. [1765.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for the letter preservation of timber treA, and of woods and underwoods; and for the further preservation of roots, Jhrubsy and plants.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the preservation of timber trees, or trees likely to become timber, is of great consequence to this kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Proman daf- authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth ter 14 June, day Of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, every convi^edof1 P^011 w shall wilfully cut or break down, bark, burn, pluck damaging UP» 1P» top, crop, or otherwise deface, damage, spoil, or de-destroying, or stroy, or carry away, any timber tree or trees, or trees likely to carrying away become timber, or any part thereof, or the lops or tops there-Stei^or without the consent of the owner or owners thereof first had the lops or and obtained, or, in any of his Majesty's forests or chases,

tops thereof, without the consent of the surveyor or surveyors, or his or their without con- deputy or deputies, or person or persons intruded with the care owner &c ^f the same, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one

*9or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, wherein such offence shall have been committed, shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay such sum forfeit, for the of money, not exceeding twenty pounds, as to such justice or! t bflfee?* justices shall seem meet, together with the charges previous to aol.^with til? an<* attending such conviction, to be ascertained by such justice charges at- or justices who shall convidl the offender; and upon non-pay* tending; ment thereof, such justice or justices shall commit the offender and on non- the common gaol Of the county or place where the offence to\>e commit- shall he committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize ted for not - for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than fir more than 11, months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid; and if nor less than 6 any person f0 convicted shall be guilty of the like offence a second forlhe second l*mc> anc* shall he thereof convicted in like manner, such per-offence, a sum son shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding thirty not exceeding pounds, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet, together 301. See. with the charges previous to and attending such conviction, to

be ascertained by such justice or justices who shall convidl the and on non- offender; and upon non-payment thereof, such justice or justices payment, are shall commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or to be commit- place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain more than 18 whh°ut hail or mainprize for any time not exceeding eighteen nor less than*months, nor less than twelve months, or until the penalty and it months; charges shall be paid; and if any person so convicted shall be Mdforthe guilty of the like offence a third time, and shall be thereof con-areto betrjmf-n 1* manner, such person shall be deemed guilty of fe-

ported for 7 lony, and the court, by and before whom such person mail be years. tried, shall and hereby hath authority to tnuisport such person

or

2

*59

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 48.

>r persons, for the space of seven years, to any of his Majesty's >lan tar ions in America, in like manner as other felons are di-efteid to be transported by the laws and Statutes of this realm.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all What trees >ak, beech, chesnut, wallnut, ash, elm, cedar, fir, afp, lime, ycamore, and birch trees, shall be deemed and taken to be

imber trees within the true meaning and provision of this act. meaning of

III. And whereas many idle and disorderly persons have, of late the act. wr;, made a practice of plucking or digging up, cuttings spoiling,

nr defraying) and taking or carrying away, divers and sundry forts of +ootS) Jhrubs, and plants (many of which are of great value) out of he fields, nurseries, gardens, and garden grounds, and other cultivated lands, of divers of his Majesty's subjects; be it therefore snafted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Persons cocj} twenty fourth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and of sixty six, all and every person who shall pluck uo, or cut, spoil, "{?

or destroy, or take or carry away, any root, shrub, or plant, taking away, roots, shrubs, or plants, out of the fields, nurseries, gardens, any root, ar garden grounds, or other cultivated lands, of any person or shrub, or persons whomsoever, without the consent of the owner or own-?rs thereof first had and obtained, and shall be thereof convicted yated ground, jpon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, be-ore any one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any me or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, iding, division, district, or place, wherein such offence shall save been committed, shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay forfeit, for the uch sum or sums of moneyas to such justice or justices shall lft offence, ecm meet, not exceeding forty shillings, together with the cJ^dinK^os. rharge previous to and attending such conviction, to be afeer- with the S4°*ained by such justice or justices who shall convict the said of- charges! ender; and \f any person so convicted shall again commit the for the zdof-»ke offence, and mail be thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, fence, a sum !iich person and persons being so convicted shall, for such fe- exceeding Wind offence, forfeit and pay such sum of money as to the said Justice or Justices shall seem meet, not exceeding five pounds,

together with the charges previous to and attending the con vidhon of such offender; and if* any person so before convicted, shall and fa^a third time commit the like offence, and shall be thereof con- 3d offence, are victed, fudi person so convicted shall, for such third offence, to be trans-be deemed guilty of felony, and the court, before whom such Porled for 7 person shall be tried, shall and hereby hath authority to trans- year51' port such person, for the space of seven years, to any of his Majesty's plantations in America, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and Statutes of this realm.

IV. And whereas many idle and disorderly persons have of late fears made a practice of going into the woods, underwoods, and Shod grounds, of divers of his Majesty's subjects, and there cut, and tarried away, great quantities of young wood, of various kinds, for making of poles and walking flicks, and for various other uses; and9 m beech, and other woods and underwoods, under pretence of getting

S 2 fire-

266

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 48.

[176

fjreiuooJ, have cut down, houghed, split off* or otherwise damaged or destroyid the growth of the Ibid.woods and underwoods, to the great injury and damage of the lawful oivners thereof: end whereas the laws now in being are not found sufficient to remedy the aforesaid p f evils$ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

vifted^o^cut- a^ an(* every person and persons who, from and after the twen-tingrdamag- tv fourth day of Junc> one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, ing, or taking shall go into the woods, underwoods, or wood grounds, of any any of his Majesty's subjects, not being the lawful owner or owners deTvood Un" thereof, and shall there cut, lop, top, or spoil, split down or pole*, sticks, damage, or otherwise destroy, any kind of wood or underwood, &c. poles, (ticks of wood, green (tubs, or young trees, or carry or

or shall have convey away t*ie same; or shall have in his, her, or their cu-any such in (tody, any Kind of wood, underwood, poles, (ticks of wood, tly.ii custody, green (tubs, or young trees, and shall not give a satisfactoryac-w rhout being count how he, she, or they, came by the same, and shall be cunnt?atMw- t^erco^ convicted before any one or more of his said Majesty's tJ-iiy ior the justices of the peace, on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses; shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay imme-

U'l the diately on conviction, any sum not exceeding the sum of forty idlings, together with the charges previous to and attending cxhiding40s. such conviction, to be ascertained by the said justice or justices v/.u the who shall convict the offender or offenders: and if any person argesj or persons shall commit any of the offences aforesaid a second ofttiice any time, and shall be thereof again convicted in manner aforesaid; sum not ex- he, ftie, or they, shall forfeit and pay any sum riot exceeding crewing 5l. the sum of five pounds, together with the charges previous to with the and attending such conviction, to be ascertained as aforesaid: and Torthe d and any Person or P^fons fhsdl commit any of the offences offence^ a re to aforesaid a third time; that then such person and persons, beine be punished as duly convicted thereof according to law, shall he deemed and incorrigible adjudged an incorrigible rogue or rogues, and lhaM be punished ro&uc#- as such.

Power given V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his to justices of Majesty's justices of the peace for the respective counties, cities, put th^aft0, r*n8s» divisions, or places, wherein any of the offences commir-execurioiL tCc* against this act shall be done, are hereby authorized to put this act in execution, and to administer an oath to any such credible witness or witnesses.

VI. And whereas the mischiefs intended by this act to be prevented may be evaded on account of the offender's not being able to pay down the sum forfeited, and charges incurred thereby; such offenders Jrt-questly having no goods or other chattles, whereon tie same can be levied; therefore be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Where the re- ^or jl, *ce or justices, unless the respective forfeitures shall (peftive for- be paid down upon conviction forthwith, where not otherwise feitures shall directed by this act, by warrant under his or their hands and not be paid fcajs commit such offender or offenders for the first offence, to viaion^the*1' t^lc h°use of correction for one month, to hard labour, and to be offenders may once whipped there; and for the second offence, where nor other-be committed wife directed by this act>, to the house of correction for three to hard la- months,

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 48. 261

iths, to hard labour, and to be whipped there once in every bow; for the

of the (kid three months., ft off*Ice

t month, and

once whipped i and for the »d offence for 3 months, and to be thrice whipped.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons hin. it it any person or persons shall, at any time, hinder, or at- ^"§11 ^o*' ft to prevent, the seizing or securing any person employed pr^tfreiz-irrying away any such timber or other trees; every such per- ing offenders, so hindering, or attempting to prevent, such seizing or fe- forfeit 10l. to ig, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum the

en pounds to the person or persons who shall convict such Jhemj 8 ider: and if the said sum be not immediately paid on con- and if not paid on, the person or persons so convicted shall be, by the ju- down, are to or justices before whom he, she, or they, shall be convicted, mined to the house of correction, to hard labour, for any n° t ex^ing not exceeding six calendar months. 6 months.

III. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all and Application

f the forfeitures herein before directed to be paid in pursuance of forfeitures is act, and not otherwise directed, shall go to the informer, dJJ^cdtobe: he other moiety to the person or persons aggrieved. applied.

[. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Conviaionsto

t the conviction and convictions of all and every offender* certifie^ to

offenders against this act, shall be certified by the justice or

: es of the peace before whom the same shall be made, to the Sons,

general quarter sessions of the peace, to be filed amangft

ecords of the said sessions; and that such conviction shall

ifly written on parchment or paper in the following form

ords (as the case shall happen) or in any other form of 1

Is to the like effect; that is to say.

it

T5 E it remembered, That on the J -D in the year

day of^prm of co*> A.B. was,

upon the complaint of C.D. convicted before of the justices of the peace for in pursuance of an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for as the case shall be.

Given under hand and seal

the day and year above written.

: h said conviction shall be good and effectual in law to all

ts and purposes; and shall not be quashed, set aside, or Conviction

ged void or insufficient, for want of any form or words not liable to

oever; nor to be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his*

fly's court of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken ra"0 be*

final to all intents and purposes whatsoever. moved.

---

262 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1765.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandizes; for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such ports; for

ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom; and for securing the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other British colony.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the appointing of proper and convenient ports in some of the British colonies in America, for the more free importation and exportation of several goods and merchandizes, under certain restrictions and limitations, may be productive of considerable advantages to the manufactures of Great Britain, tend to the improvement of the revenue thereof and be a means of increasing and extending the trade and navigation of all his Majesty's dominions: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

---

[from and after

That from and after the first day of No-^rri*gnone- vember, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, live cattle, decked vessels, and all manner of goods and commodities, the growth or pro-live cattle, and duce of any colony or plantation in America not under the do-aU manner of minion of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, except tobacco, produce of may he imported into the ports called Prime Ruperts Bay and any American Rofeatt, in the island of Dominica, from any foreign colony or colony, not plantation in America, in any foreign (loop, schooner, or other vessel whatsoever, not having more than one deck; any law, intolSnd' cu?Tom' or.u(age'° thf contrary notwithstanding. of Dominica j

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and into the That from and after the said first day of November, one thou-poits of Ja- sand seven hundred and sixty six, live cattle, and all manner of ^ood*» are S0°^s anc* commodities, the growth or produce of any colony fere partfeu- or plantation in America not under the dominion of his Maje-larly enumc- fty, his heirs, 3nd fucc\flors, except sugars, coffee, pimento, rated, except- ginger, mclafl cs, and tobacco, may, in like manner, be import-e* ed into the ports of Kingston, Savannah, La Mar, Montego Bay

and Santa Lucca, in the island of Jamaica, from any foreign co- lony or plantation in America, in any foreign (loop, schooner, or other vessel whatsoever, not having more than one deck; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

But no foreign

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-

manufactures rity aforesaid, That nothing in this aQt contained shall extend, «nay be im- Qr be construed to extend to allow any manufacturees from any thetfidd, nt0 colony or plantation in America not under the dominion of his iOamU, on Majesty, his heirs, and fijcceffi*rs, tQ be brought or imported

im

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 263

into the said islands of Dominica or Jamaica; but that all such forfeiture of manufactures so brought and imported, shall be forfeited, together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with the tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof; to be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, and prosecuted in such manner as herein after is expressed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Cemingoods-

said. That from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, no copper ore, cotton wool, pi^Ut£n«, ginger, fustic, or other dying woods, hemp, indico, melasses, prohibited to beaver skins, or other furrs, sugar, cocoa, coffee, pimento, hides imported and skins, pot and pearl affies, raw silk, or whale fins, of the ijeV'dUUnL growth, production, or manufacture, of any British colony or plantation in America % shall be imported into the said islands of 1766, Dominica or Jamaica, or either of them, upon any pretence on forfeiture whatsoever, upon forfeiture thereof, with the ship or vessel in of the goods which the same shall be imported j to be seized by any officer

of the customs, and prosecuted as herein after is expressed.

[Negroes im-

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said

first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, in British shipst to export from the said ports in Dominica and Jamaica, to any may be ex-9foreign colony or plantation in America, in any foreign (loop, ported again schooner, or other vessel whatsoever, not having more than one m deck, negroes brought into the said ports in British built (hipsM navigated according to law, and all manner of goods and mer- u mayallBri* chandizes whatsoever which shall be legally imported into the t5fh commo-said ports from Great Britain and Ireland, and from the British colonies or plantations in America; except masts, yards, as

fprits, pitch, tar, turpentine, and tobacco; and also except such are here men-iron as shall be brought from the British colonies in America; honed, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Doubts, with authority aforesaid, That if there shall be any doubt whether respea to the such goods, so intended to be exported, have been legally imported into the said islands of Dominica and Jamaica; the le- tionsJTobe gality of such importation shall be made appear to the satisfac- cleared up by tien "of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, the oath of at the port of exportation, by the oath of the exporter or pro- exPorter* prietor of such goods, before the same are suffered to be shipped*for exportation.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted Wool, and by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day <*h*J

ot November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, all 3 for Sni wool, cotton wool, indico, cocliineal, fustic, and all manner of growth, upon dying drugs or woods, drugs used in medicine, hair, furrs, hides exportation and skins, pot and pearl ashes, whale fins, and raw silk, of the fromwjtwrrf growth and produce of any foreign colony or plantation, shall, to be upon the exportation thereof from either of the said islands of imported di-Doainica or Jamaica, be imported directly from thence into reaiy into

S 4 Great* Brit*

264 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1765.

under the re-

Great Britain, under the like securites, penalties, and forfeitures, Th cft*" as are particularly mentioned in two acts of parliament made in ia, and a», " twelfth, and in the twenty second and twenty third years of and 13 Car. a. the reign of King Charles the Second, the former intituled An act for the encouraging and increasxng of flipping and navigation, and the latter intituled An act to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, and for regulating the plantation trade, or either of them, with respect to the goods in those adis particularly enumerated; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

too goods to

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-bc exported said9 That from and after the said first day of November, one ca°to an°^art t^loulant^ seven hundred and sixty six, no goods whatsoever shall of Europe" or may exported from the said island of Dominica to any part north of Cape of Europe to the northward of Cape Finifterrey except to Great Finisterre, ex- Britain; and such goods shall be there landed, under the same Britain-^ere fccuril cs» regulations, and restrictions, and subject to the same they are to be penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in an act made in the landed under twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, the regula- In Gfl for the encouraging and increasing of flipping and naviga-Car 2 tlon9or any subsequent act now in force With respect to the goods 1'*' in such act particularly enumerated.

Sugar import-

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho-ed into Dorai" rity aforesaid, That from and after the said lint day of November, ex" rteSfro onc t^ou^n<* seven hundred and sixty six, it shall and may be thenw to any* lawful to export, from the said ports before mentioned in the foreign parts said island of Dominica, any fu^ar which shall have been import-of Europe cd into the same, to any foreign parts of Europe to the south-

southward of warcj of Qape Finisterre, in such vessels only, and under such felt^ under curi^es> regulations, and restrictions, and subject to the same certain regu- penalties and forfeitures, as fjgar of the growth and produce of lations. any of the British colonies or plantations in America may now be exported from such colonies or plantations to such foreign parts; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. No veil'd with X. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-goods of the said, That from and after the said first day of November, one produce of the thousand seven hundred and sixty six, it shall not be lawful for Aive any Aup or whatsoever, which shall load or take on board

cepted) may*" at l^c fa, d island of Dominica any goods, being the produce of proceed from that part of America commonly called The If'eft Indies (live cat-ftomir.ica to tie excepted) to proceed to any other island in the West Indies the ^ich now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his

West India Majesty, his heirs, and successors, on any pretence whatsoever islands, except (actual distress excepted) in which case the matter or other per-in case of foil having command or charge of such ship or vessel shall, in distrefsj twelve hours after his arrival, report the same, in writing, to the port is to be collector, or the chief officer of the customs, together with the Jprthwith name of his vessel, and where bound, and at the same time denude to the liver in to such officer a jurt and true account of his lacting; and c^m-house shall not, upon any pretence whatsoever, take on board any nor may ukt ^id ot or merchandize (needful provisions for his voyage.

765.] Anqo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 165

r necessaries for repairs, excepted, for which he shall first ob- "tygP°d*

ain a permit from such officer) and in case any such matter, or1*0*"* thei: c»

lerson having charge of such ship or vessel, shall load, or suffer

o be loacted, any kind of goods or merchandizes (except as before excepted) or, not being in distress, shall, contrary to the

ntent of this act, come into any British island in the West Indies;

iich ship or vessel, together with all her guns, tackle, furni- on forfeiture

lire, and ammunition, and all goods whatsoever on board of of*llc

ler, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prose- an s°*'

ruted by any officer of his Majesty's customs, in such manner as

herein after is expressed.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- n0 go^ Of

Taid, That from and after the said first day of November, one the growth or thousand seven hundred and sixty six, no goods or commodities manufe&ure of the growth, production, or manufacture of Europe, or the EaS^In^ East Indies or other places beyond the Cape o f Good Hopty shall, ra ay

upon any pretence whatsoever, be exported from the said island be exported of Dominica to any British colony or plantation in America, on from Domini-forfeiture of such goods, and the ship or vessel in which the fatpe gritilhA-Shall be so exported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, and merman co- - ammunition; to be seized by any officer or officers of the cu- ionics,

(toms, and prosecuted in the manner herein after expressed. on forfeiture

XII. And whereas it is necessary that provision Should be made for ^ccl^dg defraying the expenses which may be incurred in carrying into execu- a

tton the directions and provifms of this act, and for maintaining,

[ecuringy and improving, the said ports; therefore we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the au- Duty to be thority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of No- paid on ex-vembfTy one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, there shall be portation of raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, a duty of one pound ten shillings for and upon fe]s fom Ja-every negroe which shall be exported in any foreign ship or vef- maica; fel out of or from the said island of Jamaica; and the like duty and u n 5m-of one pound ten shillings for and upon every negroe which portation of shall be imported into the said island of Dominica; and also the negroes into following duties for and upon the goods and merchandizes here- Dominica* in after mentioned, which shall be imported into the said island of Dominica; that is to say, imported into

Dominica.

For every barrel of beef and pork, six pence.

For every firkin of butter, six pence.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of sugar, six pence.

Foe every hundred weight avoirdupois of cocoa, two shillings.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of coffee, six pence.

And after those rates for any greater or lesser quantity of such goods and merchandizes respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That all the said duties shall be deemed and taken to be sterling deemed as

money sterling mo-

266 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1765.

ney of Great money of Great Britain, and be received to the amount of the Britain i value which such nominal sums bear in Great Britain \ and that at the rate of such monies may be received and taken according to the pro-5 s. 6 d. per portion and value of five shillings and fix pencethe ounce in silver; oz* ver* and that the said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered in the same manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as any other duties now payable to his Majesty upon goods imported into, or exported from, the British colonies or plantations in America, may be respectively raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any act or acts of parliament now in A iicati f ^orce > an<* 'ha* the monies which shall arise by the said duties themonies10* (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, levying, re-mrifing by the covering, answering, and accounting for the same) shall be applied ftid duties, and disposed of, from time to time, in such manner ashis Majesty shall, by any warrant or warrants under his royal sign manual, countersigned by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, direct and appoint, for defraying the expences of carrying into execution the purposes of this act, and for maintaining, securing, and improving, the said ports; and if any overplus shall remain of the monies arising by the said duties, after defraying such expences as aforesaid, the same shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and be there reserved to be, from time to time, disposed of by parliament, towards defraying the necessary expences of defending, proteding, and securing, the British colonies and plantations in America.

Ko other du-

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tics to be paid That from and after the said first day of November, one thou-f°* sand seven hundred and sixty six, no duties shall be paid, other

wtedhito1" ^an as are kere*n before mentioned, for or in respect of Dominica, any goods the growth or product of any foreign colony or than those be-plantation in America, which shall be imported into any such fore mention- port in the said island of Dominica (except such - duties as have except upon been, or shall be, imposed, by any ad of this present session of melanes and parliament, upon melasses and syrups imported into any British fymps. colony or plantation in America) any law, custom, or ulage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

After 1 Jan.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-1767^11 Ame- said. That from and after the first day of January, one thousand ricangoods seven hundred and sixty seven, all goods and commodities of ^eat Britain0 American produce, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Domini- from the said island of Dominica (except such quantities of sugar ca, and rum as shall be imported by certificate as herein after men-

certificated tionecl) shall be deemed and taken to be goods and commodi-Mr^excepted; tlcs growth, produce, or manufacture, of foreign colo-

are made lia- nics or plantations, and shall be liable to the same duties, regu-hie to the same lations, and redactions, penalties and forfeitures, in all respects, duties, &c. as the jike goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any French colony or plantation would be liable to by law. colonies. % Vl. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49: 267

aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of January, Licence to inu one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, it shall be lawful portcertifiat-to import from the said island of Dominica, in British built vef- fu J^7rom fels navigated according to law, into Great Britain, any sugar Dominica*un-or rum, upon payment of the like duties and customs as are der certain now payable upon the importation of sugar and rum respect conditions lively of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British colonies or plantations in America; and such goods shall, in all other respects, be liable to the same rules, regulations, and re-

{trillions, as British sugar and rum are now liable to by law 5 provided the person loading such sugar and rum on board any ship or vessel in the said island of Dominica shall, before the clearing out of the same, prove to the satisfaction of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, at the loading port, that the said goods bona fide grew, or were produced and manufactured in the said iflana of Dominica, by the oath of the grower, maker, or (hipper of such goods, or his or their known agent or faltor, expressing in words at length, and not in figures, the quality of the goods so shipped, with the number and denomination of the packages; which oath shall be adrai-niftered by such collector, or other principal officer of the customs, and signed in his presence by the person proving the fads; and the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, before whom such proof shall be made, shall thereupon grant to the master, or other person having the charge of the ship or vessel, a certificate, under his hand and seal of office (without fee or reward) of his having received such proof pursuant to thediredions of this act; which certificate shall express the quality of the goods shipped 6n board such ship or veuel, with the number and denomination of the packages; and upon the arrival of such ship or vessel into any port in this kingdom, the master, or other person taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, at the time he makes his report of his caigo, deliver the said certificate to the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, in such port, and make oath before him, that the goods so reported are the same that are mentioned in the said certificate.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority No goods of aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, American one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, no goods or commo- produccjiable dities whatsoever of American produce, liable to the payment of any duty on importation into any British colony or plantation ^BritM! ° on the continent of America, shall be imported there, from the colony from said island of Dominica, without a certificate, to be produced Dominica, and proved in the manner before directed, specifying whether a ccr'

such goods are the growth or produce of any foreign or British forfeiture colony or plantation, on forfeiture of such goods, and the vessel of the goods in which the same shall be imported; to be seized and prose-nd vessel. cuted as herein after is directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ^plication /aid. That the monies arising by the said duties upon the pL^bleupon

*68

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1765.

importation of importation into this kingdom, from the said ports in the island* Freat &om*n*ca* such g°o3s and merchandizes as are herein be* Britain from ^orc directed to be deemed and taken to be of French or foreign Dominica* as produce, shall (except the necessary charges of raising, collect-are deemed of ing, recovering, paying, and accounting, for the same) be paid French or so-; nto the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and be applied and reign produce, Of to such Ques as the juties upon such foreign goods

are now applicable unta Duties payable

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted upon impor- by the authority aforesaid, That the importer or proprietor of Srtified goods9a? 80<k1s^commodities liable to the payment of any duties legally import-to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, which shall be lawfully ed from Do- imported from the said island of Dominica into Great Britain, after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, without any such certificate as is herein before mentioned, shall and may, upon the importation thereof, pay down in ready money to the collector of his Majesty's customs, only three pence per hundred weight avoirdupois upon sugars so imported; and only one half of the old subsidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, upon all other goods; which said respective duties shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of such sugars, and other goods; provided the same shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the King's locks, in warehouses provided at the foie expence of the importer or proprietor thereof, with the privity and approbation, and under the care and in-spedion, of the of or principal officers of the customs for the port where such sugars, and other goods, shall be inland to be de-; pone<j> and shall not be delivered out of any such wnrehouse fli* ex porta- ^ut uP°n the following conditions; that is to say, if such tien.upon cer- sugars, or other goods, or any part thereof, shall be delivered for exportation to foreign parts, the owner or exporter thereof, together with one other sufficient person, shall enter into bond to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in treble the amount of the full duties which would be due and payable for such sugars, or other goods, if the same were consumed in this kingdom; with condition that no part of such sugars, and other goods, shall he relanded in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain; which bonds shall be discharged in the same manner as the bonds given for the due exportation of prohibited East India goods are discharged by any law now in force.

XX. Andj the better to prevent the relanding such sugars, or other goods, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such sugars, or other goods, shall be relanded or unshipped to he relanded contrary to this act, the same, together with the boats, lighters, or any other vessels, horses, or other cattle and carriages whatsoever, which may be employed or made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance thereof, as also the ship or vessel from which the same shall be unloacted, together with 5 her

minica;

viz. upon sugars; upon other goods.

No drawback to be allowed on exportation;

Sugars and goods to be warehoused,

tain condi tious,

If such sugars or goods be relanded or unshipped contrary to this at\, they are forfeited, with the vef-k\ and earn

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49* 269

her furniture and apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may ages employ-be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and all and ed therein -9 every person or persons who shall be affifsing, or otherwise con and persons ceraed in the unshipping or relanding such sugars, or other concerned

Sods, or to whose hands the same shall knowingly coine after treble e unshipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the value of suchva UCa sugars and other goods; which said penalties and forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in such manner and form, and by such rules and regulations, as penalties and forfeitures inflicted for unshipping prohibited or uncuftoined goods in this kingdom may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by any law now in force.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Vessel, on the authority aforesaid, That no such sugars, or other goods, which shall be shipped, or permitted to be shipped or loaden, for re- be

exportation from Great Britain, on board any ship or vessel of Supped for re-less burthen than seventy tons; to be ascertained by the same exportation, rules and dimensions, as the tonnage of ships importing brandy to be un-and other spirits into this kingdom is to be ascertained, by an ^t7h^ns act made in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, {^be afeer-intituled An act for preventing frauds and abvfes in the public re- tained purfu-vtnues of excise, customs, stamp duties, poll office, and house money. ant to act

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority foresaid, That if any such sugars, or other goods, shall be taken out of any warehouse wherein the same shall be secured as afore- taken out for said, in order to be used in this kingdom; the person or persons, borne con-so taking out the same, shall first pay up the remainder of the fumption, duties which would have been due and payable upon the im- remainder portation of the like sugars or other goods, of the growth or tobe paid^&c. production of the French colonies or plantations in America, in- p to this kingdom; and they shall, in all other respects, be liable to the same restrictions and regulations as such French sugars and goods would have been subject and liable to if this act had not been made.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, if they shall That if such sugars or goods shall not be either exported, or the be neither ex-foil duties paid for the same, within twelve calendar months Port«d»l.lorthe from the importation thereof, but shall then continue and be wUhm still remaining in the said warehouses; in such case, it shall and a year, may be lawful for the commissioners of the customs for the custom-house tirte being, or any three or more of them, to cause the said fu- |nay |cU the gars, or other goods, so remaining, to be publickly sold by amc* auction, or inch of candle, to the bed bidder; and the money and j the arising by such sale, to be applied first in discharge of the duties, monies in dif-and the expences of such sales; and the overplus, if any, to be charge of the paid to the importer or proprietor of such sugars or goods, or duties and other persons authorized to receive the same. charge,

XXIV. And for the better and more effectual preventing the importation of foreign sugars into this kingdom, from the said island of Dominica, under pretence that the same are the growth and t>ro-duu of that island; be it further enacted by the authority afore-

laid.

270 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1765.

Foreign sugars said, That from and after the first day of November, one thou* imported into fan(j seven hundred and sixty seven, all foreign sugars which be waureh^ shall be imported into the said island of Dominica, mail, upon ed s landing, be immediately deposited in warehouses, provided at

the foie expence of the importer or proprietor thereof, with the privity and approbation, and under the care and inspection of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, at the port where such sugars shall be landed, and shall be there fc-cured, under the separate locks of such officer and the proprietor, and before be- till the same shall be shipped for re-exportation; and before such ing delivered sugars are delivered out for exportation to Great Britain* every tetionto^reatca* marked, in such manner as the of of Britain, to be his Majesty's customs in England shall think proper to direct, to marked by the denote that such sugars are foreign, and have been warehoused: custom-house and if any foreign sugars shall, after the said first day of No-on forfeiture one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, De landed

thereof. in the said island of Dominica without being so warehoused, or shall be shipped for exportation to Great Britain without being marked in the manner before directed, the same shall be forfeited; and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs, and prosecuted as herein after is directed.

Penalty on

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-officers exact-- foresaid, That no duty of gunpowder, nor any fee or reward ing or taking whatsoever shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any offce». ficer or officers whatsoever, in the said islands of Dominica and

Jamaica* for any entry, cocquet, clearance, or passport, of or for any foreign ship or vessel; or for any goods imported into, or exported from, the said istands, in such foreign ship or vessel, in pursuance of this act, under the like pains and penalties, as are inflicted upon officers exalting and receiving greater fees than are allowed by an act made in the last session of parliament, for more effectually securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's American dominions, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

Recoveiyand

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-application of said. That all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, penalties and which shall be incurred in America, shall and may be prosecut-AmericaT, n ^ue<* ^or» recovered, and divided there, in the same manner and form, by the same rules and regulations, in all respects, as any other forfeitures or penalties inflicted by any other act of parliament for offences against the laws relating to the customs or trade of his Majesty's colonies, may, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided.

Act to conti.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nuein force this act shall continue in force, to the first day of November*ont so i Nov. 1773* thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 50. 271

CAP. L.

An act for allowing the conveyance, from the ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to the port of Cowes in the isle of Wight, of goods not liable to duty on exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and cattle between the said ports, without cocquets being taken, or bonds entered into for that purpose, and for extending an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for taking affidavits in the country, to be made use of in the courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the isle of Man; and for appointing ports and places for shipping and landing goods in the said island.

of the preambfc.

and other laws now in forcey no goods, wares, or merchandizes, can be shipped or put on board to be carried forth to the open sea^ from any forty creek, or member in Great Britain, to be landed at any other place of this realm, without a sufferance or warrant from the officers, of the customs, and a cocquet taken out for fetch goods, and a bond entered into for the due delivery and discharge thereof: and whereas the taking out such cocquet j, and entering into fetch bonds, for goods that ore not prohibited to be exported, nor liable to any duties upon exportation, which are flipped at the ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to be carried to the isle of Wight, and for live CQttle sent to mi from the said island, is attended with great trouble and expence to the inhabitants and traders of the said island> and the farmers and graziers in the county of Southampton: therefore to remedy this inconvenience for the future, may it please your Majesty that From and af-it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excel-tcr*Jylyt lent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords7^ spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament keying from" assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and the port* of after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty Southampton fix, no cocquet or bond shall be required by any officer or offi- Jj*to the

cers of the customs, or others, from the master or owner of any of Cowes hoy, vessel, or boat, or any other person, for carrying or con- in the isle of veying any kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the Wight, good* said ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to the port of Cowes in Sutyon exf the isle of Wight, which are or shall not be prohibited to be exportation, or ported from Great Britain to foreign parts, nor liable to any prohibited to custom or duty to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, on the f* «xpocted; exportation thereof; nor shall any such cocquet or bond be required for carrying or conveying sheep, provided the same be without coc-carried in open boats or hoys, nor any other kind of live cattle quets taken, (horses and lambs excepted) between the said port of Cowes and or bondenter-the said ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, or either of them;

any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise piulw> notwithstanding.

Clause in aft 5 Geo. a.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 50. C. 7^5-

II. And whereas by an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for more effectually preventing the mischiefs arising to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine trade to and from the isle of Man, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That the several offences therein described may be enquired of, examined, beard, and determined, in any county within this kingdom, in futh manner and form, and by the same rules, regulations, and rtjlriftions, as if the same offences had been therein committed: and whereas it is necessarj, in order to carry the intention of the said oft into effectual execution, that same proper person or persons refiient in the ife of Man Should be impowered to take affidavits in the said if and, concerning cattfes or other

Powers grant, ed by act 19 Car. x. for taking affidavits, See.

extended to the isle ot Man,

Power given to appoint ports and places for ship ping and land< ang goods in the isle of Man j

to be under the regulations, penalties! and for*

rcn or persons resident in the ife of Man Should be A, 'davits in the said if and, concerning cattfes or other

matters which may be depending, or do in any wise relate to any proceedings which may be had in pursuance of the said act, in any of the courts in Great Britain; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking affidavits in the country to be made use of in the courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, and all the powers therein contained, shall extend, and the same is and are hereby declared to extend, to the isle of Man, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said isle of Man had been expressly named in the said last recited act of parliament \ any law, custom, or ulage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the ascertaining the ports, members, and creels in the ife of Man, where goods and merchandizes may be exported and imported, and the froeral quays, wharfs, and other places, when the same may be laden or put on board any flnp or vessel for transpor-lotion, or unladen or unf lipped upon importation, may tend greatly to the increasxng of his Majesty's revenues of customs and exeije, and to the benefit of the fair traders of this kingdom and Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, shall and may, from time to time, by commission or commissions from the court of Exchequer in England, assign and appoint all such ports, members, creeks, and places, in the said isle of Man, as shall be lawful for the landing, discharging, lacting, or shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandizes, into or from the said isle of Alan; and by virtue thereof to set down and appoint the ex* tents, bounds, and limits of every such port, member, creek, quay, wharf, or place, in the said island; after which appointment so made, all goods, wares, and merchandizes whatsoever, imported into, exported from, or carried coastwise on the (kid island, shall be landed and discharged, laden and shipped, at such ports, members, creeks, quays, wharfs, and places, in the like manner, and under the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are mentioned in an act made in* the fourteenth year of the reign of King Chari*: the Second, intituled An act for preventing

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c.£i. 273

ing frauds, and regulating abuses* in his Majestfs cuflms, or in ftltom, men-any other act of parliament in force in Great Britain, with re- tlo]J5£in sped to goods, wares, and merchandizes, landed and discharg- 14'*' c*

ed, shipped and Jaden, in this kingdom; to be sued for, prosecuted, and divided, in like manner as other penalties and forfeitures incurred in the said isle of Man may be sued for, prosecuted, and divided, by virtue of an act made in the last session Penalties to be of parliament, intituled An act for more effectually preventing the mischiefs arising to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and qc(J*Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine trade to and from the ijte of directed. Man.

CAP. LI.

An act for indemnifying persons who have incurred certain penalties inflicted by an act of the Iqfi session of parliament* for granting certain stamp duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; and for making valid all instruments executed or inrolled there on unstamped paper* vellum, or parchment.

WHEREAS by an act made in the loft session of parliament> Preamble, re.

intituled An act for granting and applying certain damp f cJ?ufca duties, and other duties, in the British colonies and plantations maa5Gco* 3* in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the same; and for amending such parts of the several acts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the said colonies and plantations, as direct the man* ner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned; certain stamp duties were granted throughout the colonies and plantations in America, which then were, or thereafter might be under the dominion of his Majesty, his Inks* and fuc-iijjors; Which said stamp duties were to take place from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five: and whereas by another act made in this present session of parliament, 6 Oeo* 3.

intituled An act to repeal an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting and applying certain stamp duties* and other duties, in the British colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, pro-tiding* and securing, the same; and for amending such parts of the several acts of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the said colonies and plantations* as direct the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned; the said first mentioned act was repealed, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six: and whereas it may have happened* since the passing of the said first mentioned act> that persons refuting in* or rejerting to, the said colonies or plantations, may not have been able to procure paper\ vellum, or parchment* duly stamped* as required by the said act; and that such persons, for want of the same* and other persons reftding elsewhere by reason thereof may have committed many offences, contrary to the directions, and true intent most mooning* of the said act\ or may have neglected to do what byVol. XXVII. T tba

*74 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 51. [1765.

the said act is required; whereby such persons have incurred several penalties and forfeitures by the said act inflicted: therefore, for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any Inconveniencies that might otherwise happen; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the ad-, vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-

t^gnuit^f mons*n this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-for all offences rity of the same. That all and every person and persons what-and neglects soever, who have committed any offence or offences (not being fclony) contrary to thedirections, and true intent and meaning, c'gco! j.^not the kid ac*> or have neglected to do any matter or thing rebeing felony 5 quired by the said act, shall be, and he, me, and they, is and are indemnified from all penalties and forfeitures which lie, she, where final or they, may have incurred for such offence or offences, (not judgement being felony; neglect or negleels, where final judgement shall IhalT not have not have been given.

been given. H. And whereas it was, by the said first mentioned act, enallti. That no matter or thing whatsoever, by the said act charged with the payment of a duty, Should be pleaded or given in evidence, or admitted, within the said colonies and plantations, to be good, ufefnk or available, in law or equity, unless the same Should be marled ot fiamped, in pursuance of the said act, with the respective duty then-by charged, or with an higher duty: and whereas it may have happend 4hat many deeds, instruments, and other matters and things, by reajk that fiamped paper, vellum, or parchment, was not to be proem, may have been signed, sealed, or otherways executed, entered, or i-roUed, in the said colonies and plantations, upon unfiampei paper, vellum, or parchment, and by reason thereof, cannot be pleaded if given in evidence, or admitted to be good, ufiful, or available, i law cr equity: and whereas by the said act being repealed, there ft-mains no provision for making the said deeds, instruments, matters, and things, pleadable, or to be given in evidence, or admijjible as good, All deeds and tifeful, or available, in law or equity, which may be attended with inftjuments, many inconveniencin', be it therefore enacted by the authority a-&c. executed, foresaid, That all and every deed, instrument, or other matter inrolled' °in or thing* signed, sealed, or otherways executed, entered, orin-the said colo- rolied, in the said colonies and plantations, during the conti-nies, nuance of the said act, upon unstamped paper, vellum, or

during the parchment, shall and may, from and after the passing of this the recited^ he admitted and allowed in evidence in any court whatso-upon unflamp* ever; and shall be as valid and effectual as if the proper (lamps ed paper, &c. had been impressed thereon at the time of the signing, (eating, aie declared to or other execution, or entry or inrollment thereof; any thing effectual.3" l'ic a<^ tohe contrary notwithstanding.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 275

CAP. LII.

An act for repealing certain duties, in the Bricifh colonies and plantations, granted by federal acts of parliament \ and also the duties imposed by an act made in the last fef Jton of parliament upon certain East India goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America*

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several duties herein after mentioned, im-

posed by certain acts of parliament to be raised in the British colonies and plantations in America, have been attended with great mconveniencies to the trade of his Majesty's dominions j and it is therefore necessary that the same Should be discontinued, and that other du- etas' Should be granted in lieu thereof: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjelU, the commons of Great Britain in

Eliament a (Tern bled, do therefore most humbly beseech your ijesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Repeal of cer-11 the duties imposed by any act or acts of parliament upon tain duties in mehfles or fymps of the growth, prodult, or manufacture, of America, up* any foreign American colony or plantation, imported into any British colony or plantation in America; and also the duties im- fyrupsj posed by an all made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second (for the encouragement of the Greenland and Easttand trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade) upon sugar, of the growth, production, and manu- R -fodure, of the British plantations in America, which Should bebn ugar* laoen there; and also the duties imposed by an all made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty for granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned, upon coffee and upon Bri-and pimento, of the growth and produce of any British colony tish coffee and or plantation in America, which Should be shipped to be carried pimento j out from thence, except to Great Britain, shall, from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, cease, determine, and be no longer paid*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an(j Upon cer-the several duties imposed by the last mentioned alt upon wrought tain East India silks, bengalls, and stuffs mixed with lilk. or herba, of the ma- goods, cam-nufalture of Persia, China, or East India, and upon callicoes p^nch^awns, painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, and upon foreign linen exported from fcloth, called Cambrici, and upon French lawns, imported into any Great Britain; British colony or plantation in America, from Great Britain, shall, born and after the first day of October, one thousand seven bundled and sixty six, ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

T 2 That

and upon coals; and certain East India goods, &c.

the bond to be given on exportation of East India

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52; [1765.

That the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon coals; and of several East India goods, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned, upon all wrought silks, bengalls, and stuffs mixed with silk or herba, of the manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, and upon callicoes printed, dyed, painred, or itained there, which mall be shipped for exportation from Great Britain to any part beyond the seas, except to Africa, or the British dominions in America, shall, from and after the first day Dutiettoceafeof ^tegujly one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, cease, de-on 1 Aug. 1766. termine, and be no longer paid; and from thenceforth so much Condition of t*le kft recited act as directs, that upon the entiy of any East India goods herein before mentioned for exportation to the British dominions in America, the bond for the due exportation of such goods shall be with further condition, that the time goods to the ^all bc l^ere lanc*ed accordingly, and not in any other port or British Ame- place beyond the seas; and to produce a certificate within eighteen rican domini- months under the hands and seals of the collector, or other prin-ons* cipal officer of the customs residing at the port or place in the

British dominions in America, for such of the said goods as shall be landed there, testifying the landing thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

And from and

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1^66 & That from and after the said first day of November, one them-lowing duties fend seven hundred and sixty six, there shall be raised, levied, are to*take collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, place in lieu the several and respective rates and duties herein after mention-cd>hat is to say,

on melasses For every gallon (wine-measure) of melasses and syrups,

and syrups, which shall be imported or brought (except as is herein after

mentioned) into any colony or plantation in America, which now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, one penny.

Coffee, For every hundred weight avoirdupois of coffee, of the growth

and produce of any British colony or plantation in America* which shall be imported or brought from thence into any other Briti/i colony or plantation in America, seven shillings, and pimento. And for every pound weight avoirdupois of such British pimento, which shall, in like manner, be imported or brought into any such British colony or plantation, one halfpenny; ex-Exception, cept only such British coffee and pimento as shall be warehoused under the regulations and restrictions herein after mentioned; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such gpods respectively.

Certified me*

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the laflew and fy- authority aforesaid, That the duty herein before granted upon rupc from Do* mc|a(fes or syrups, shall not be charged or payable upon any melasses or syrups imported into any British colony or plant* tien on the continent of America from the island of Demmice,

far

rupc

' unities not fhargsable.

*77

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

for which a certificate shall be produced upon the importation thereof, to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at the port of importation, under the hand and seal of office of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs at the port of exportation in Dominica, certifying that the said duty hath been there paid for such melasses or syrups; any tiling herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From and af-That from and after the first day of Augujly one thousand seven ter 1 Aug. hundred and sixty six, there shall be also raised, levied, collect- dItionainfubfi ed, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for Jtytobe paid* and upon all wrought silks, bengalls, and stuffs mixed with silk for silk East or herba of the manufacture of Persiay China, or East India; and India goods; upon all callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or stainedthere, whichnd upo?iS|* shall have been publickly fold in Great Britain on or before the u^idm Great

1 first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; ex- Britain before cept for such of the aforesaid goods as shall be exported to Afri* 1 June, 1766; ftj, as herein after mentioned; a further and additional subsidy thofcexported of twelve pence for every twenty shillings of the true and real cepted'^viz'd. value of such goods, to be ascertained by the oath or affirma- per cent, ad*tien of the owner or proprietor thereof, before the collector of valorem, upon his Majesty's customs for the port where such goods shall be oatl1 °* warehoused; provided the said subsidy shall be paid down to Jf such collector in ready money, without any deduction or allow- $ept. J7u j ance whatsoever, on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; but if the owner or pro-if otherwise/ prietor of such goods shall not chuse to pay down the said subsidy according to' for such goods before that time, then the same shall be paid JhcSof^t^S down in ready money to the collector of the customs for the publick Tales, port where such goods shall be secured, according to the gross price or value of such goods at which the same were sold at the publick legal Tales thereof in this kingdom, without any deduction or allowance whatsoever, before such goods shall be taken out of any warehouse wherein the same shall be secured in this kingdom.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. Duty not to

That this act shall not extend to charge such of the before men- to tioned goods with this duty, which have been sold as aforesaid j^ne*" before the said first day ot June, one thousand seven hundred % 766*znd*and sixty six, as shall be hereafter exported from this kingdom which shall be to Africa. exported to

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-Africa*

said. That There shall be also raised, levied, collcCled, and paid, Additional unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for and upon all dutic* upon wrought silks, bengalls, and stuffs mixed with silk or herba the manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, and upon all fhC company1* callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or stained there, which shall befalet after publickly fold in Great Britain after the said first day of June^l^i, 7WI one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, over and above any other duty now payable for the same, the like sum of twelve pence for every twenty shillings of the true and real value of

T j such

27S Anno sexto Georgii III. c.

[1765.

such goods, according to the gross price at which the same shall be sold at the public legal Tales thereof in this kingdom; which to be paid by said subsidy Hull be paid and secured by the united company of tanA"IWC°m mcrc^ants ot England trading to the East Indies for such of the pan* said goods as Hull be so sold at the said company's falcs, in the same manner and form, and by the same rules and regulations, as the duties now payable upon unrated East India goods are paid and secured by the said united company, by virtue of an pursuant to act made in the second and third yean of the reign of Queen act»5c 3 An. jnne^ intituled An act for granting to her Majesty an additional subsidy of tonnage and poundage for three years; and for laying a further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prtze; and for ascertaining the values of unrated goods imported from the East In- I Duty at other dies: and for such of the Taid goods as shall, after the said first j falei to be day of June % be sold at any other public legal sale in this king»

paid by the dom, the said subsidy shall be paid down in ready money to the

proprietor. coueftor of the customs at the port where such goods shall be sold, without any deduction or allowance whatsoever by the purchaser or proprietor of such goods; and the said subsidy shall not be afterwards repaid or drawn back upon the exportation of the same goods, except to Africa, as is herein after mentioned. Drawback al-

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the lowed upon authority aforesaid, That for such of the said goods herein after of «nain°{n- mentioned, and no other, which shall be sold as aforesaid at thl dia goods to" fries of the said united company, after the said first day of Jm % Africa. one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and shall be exported from this kingdom to Africa, the exporter shall be repaid a drawback or allowance of the duty paid in pursuance of this act, of twelve pence for every twenty shillings of the value of such goods according to the respective rates and values herein after expressed; that is to say.

Enumeration A, Iei>r.s> the twc, vc fll1!llin8s 5 ^jutapants, the piece,

of the said twenty millings; byrampants, the piece, fifteen millings; blue

goods. long cloth, the piece, forty shillings; brawles, the piece,

four lhillmgs; calJaway pores, the piece, fifteen shillings; cu(h-taes, the piece, twelve shillings; coopes, the piece, twelve shillings; chints, the piece, fifteen shillings; chelloes, the piece, sixteen shillings; cotton romals, the piece, ten shillings; Guinea Huffs', the piece, four shillings; nicamees small, the piece, twelve shillings; nicamees large, the piece, sixteen shillings; neganepants, the piece, twenty shillings; photaes, the piece, fifteen shillings; fartra gundies, the piece, twenty shillings; tapfcils, the piece, sixteen shillings.

The fiid And such goods shall, in all other respect, be liable to the same goods to be securities, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as nibjeft to the tjic same are now liable to by law.

tiens. S X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties upon ^rom anc* a^ter the said first day of Angufl, one thousand tom\ cambricks and hundred and sixty six, there shall be also raised, levied) collect*

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 279

ed, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for French U*ns and upon every piece of foreign linen doth called cambrick, three shillings; and for and upon every piece of French lawns, three Am shillings; which shall be respectively shipped for exportation from Great Britain to any colony or plantation in America, that now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Maje-his heirs, and successors; which said duties shall be ahb paid down in ready money to the collector of thccustoms, without any allowance or deduction whatsoever, by the owner or proprietor of such goods, before the same shall be taken out of any warehouse or warehouses, wherein the same shall be secured in this kingdom.

XI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That every piece How the said of cambrick and French lawns intended to be charged with the duties ar* to duty herein before mentioned, shall contain thirteen ells each, beascertained. and shall pay duty for the same in that proportion for any greater or less quantity, according to the sum herein before charged upon each piece of such goods respectively.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Duties on laid. That the aforesaid rates and duties charged by this act up- melasses and On mclafles and syrups, coffee and pimento, imported into any [ake^sfter-British American colony or plantation, shall be deemed and taken |ing money - to be sterling money of Great Britain, and be received to the amount of the value which such nominal sums bear in Great

Britain5 and that such monies may be received and taken ac- at5s. 6d. per cording to the proportion and value of five shillings and six pence oz. in silver. the ounce in hiver: and that the said rates and duties shall be Method of lo* raised, levied, and collected, paid, and recovered, in the same covefin^he" manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and fad duties, under such penalties and forfeitures, as any other duties now payable to his Majesty upon goods imported into the said colonies or plantations, are or may be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the tody of this present a Cl: and that all the monies that shall arise Duties to be by the said duties (except the necessary charges of raising, col- exchequer110 lecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting and referred for the same) shall be paid into the receipt of his Majeny's ex- for the future Chequer, and shall be entered separate and apart from all other dispofnion of monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, Pai, iaracnt* and shall be there reserved to be from time to time disposed of by parliament, towards defraying the necessary expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British colonies and plan-tiens in America.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Duties on East said. That the monies atifing by the several rates and duties India goods to by this act iraposed upon wrought silks, bcngalls, and stuffs h paid into mixed with (ilk or herba, of the manufacture of Perfta, China, thcwlc ie<luar» (H Bast /aJigf and upon callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or

T4 stained

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52;

[1765.

and carried into the sinking fund, to-

stained there, except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, recovering, paying, and accounting for the same; shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distindUy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The sinking fund, towards making good wards paying the annuities payable in respect of certain navy, victualling, and annuities in transport bills, charged upon the said fund by an act made in to the last session of parliament.

Condition of

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-bondi upon foresaid, That from and after the first day of August, onethou-exportation of sand seven hundred and sixty six, upon the entry of any cam-cambricks, or bricks or French lawns for exportation to any place beyond the to places be"* ^as' cxccPt to f°mc British colony or plantation in AmeritCy the yond Teas,bond which is now by law required to be given for the due ex-other than the portation of such goods shall be, with further condition not to British planta- reland the same in any part of the British dominions in America., on, '

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared

aidfo^ kv authority aforesaid, That no duty whatsoever shall be tifli coffee^or Pa^ for any British coffee or pimento, which, from and after pimento, im« the said first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ported after sixty six, shall be imported or brought into any British colonyornto°a, 7!6*' planlatl°n in America 5 provided the same shall, upon landing t?(h°American thereof, he immediately deposited in warehouses provided at the colony, foie expence of the importer or proprietor of such coffee and provided the pimento, with the privity and approbation, and under the care h feT wvc* anc*nlPe<^l°n> of the collector and comptroller, or other prin-aouea« ^ipal officer of the customs, at the port or place where such goods shall be imported, and shall be secured under the separate end shipped l°c^s of such officers, and the proprietor; and shall, within the

for exporta- space of twelve calendar months from the landing and ware-tien within 1* houling the same, be shipped directly from thence for exporta-months; tien, either to Great Britain, or to i'ome other British colony or plantation in America, under the like securities and restrictions as are now required by law for the same.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, no duty whatsoever shall be paid for any foreign sugars, npr for any foreign coffee or indico, which, from and after the said first day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, shall be imported or brought into any British colony or plantation on the continent

fprovided the of America; provided such goods shall, upon landing thereof. Uine be ware- bc immediately deposited and secured in such warehouses, and hou e, in the manner herein before mentioned; and shall, within the and shipped space of twelve calendar months from the landing and ware-wnthln i* fouling the kme, be shipped from thence for exportation, as months, under herein after is expressed; that is to say. Upon condition that the conditions such sugars shall be exported either directly to Great Britain, or «nd regula- to some other part of Europe to the southward of Gape Finijlerrty puffedCrC CX '^der the^purities, regulations, wd reAritfion*, penalties.

nor for any foreign sugars, coffee, or iodicoj

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52.8i

nd forfeitures, as British sugars may be so carried and export-id from any British colony or plantation in America, by virtue if any law now in force; and provided also, that such foreign ndico shall be exported to Great Britain only under the like ccurities, regulations, and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned and expressed in any act of xarliament now in force, with respect to indico of the growth >r produce of any British colony or plantation; and provided hat, before such foreign coffee mall be taken out of such ware-louse for exportation, the exporter shall become bound with efficient security in the penalty of five pounds for every hundred weight of such coifee, that the same, and every part thereof, shall be really and truly exported, according to the entry, and not brought back again or relanded in any part of the British dominions in America; which bond the collector and comptroller, or other principal officers of the customs at the port from whence such foreign coffee shall be intended to be exported, are hereby authorized and required to take, in the name, and to the u(e, of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; and the said bond, with respect to such coffee as shall be ex- Goodiltoef ported to Great Britain, Ireland, or to any other place under the vcn ia

dominion of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, where custom- thJe cases, house officers are or may be established, shall be with further condition, to return a certificate within eighteen kalendar months from the date of such bond from the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, at such port or place, that such coffee has been there landed accordingly; and with respect to such coffee as shall be exported to any place not under the dominion of his Majesty, or where no such officers are appointed, such bond shall continue in force for two years from the date thereof; and in case no fraud shall appear within that time, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them, to direct the said bond to be cancelled and delivered up.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if the import- if such wars*

er or proprietor of any such goods as shall be warehoused as a- housed goods foresaid, shall not pay the duties due for the same, nor export*

such goods within twelve calendar months as aforesaid, it mall months!"

be lawful for the collector and comptroller, or other principal no/the duties officer of the customs, at the port or place where such goods piid 1

shall be secured, to cause the same to be publickly sold to the the custom-best advantage; and the money arising by such sale shall be, the first place, applied in discharge of the duties due and paya- ancj apply th0 ble for such goods, and the charges attending the expence of monies indif-such sale; and the surplus of the money so arising by such sale charge of the (if any) after payment of the said duties, and charges, shall be paid to the importer or proprietor who so landed and ware-9

housed such goods, or to such other person as shall be duly authorized to receive the same.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Licence given aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, to imyort^dn-

4 00c cotton

the British West Indies, in ftiipe navi-f accoi ' ing to law.

28a Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1765.

wool, or indi- one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, it shall and may be BToduce°huon kwful ^or p*son or persons to import any cotton woof, or p - — indico, of foreign produce or manufacture, into any British island in that part of America commonly called the Wesi Indies, in any ship or vessel that may lawfully trade to and from the

m to Uwrd" ^id British islands, navigated according to law, without payment of any duty or other imposition whatsoever for such

goods; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwith* (landing.

No duty to be XIa. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-nc* on exoo That from and after the said first day of November, one

ration trom thousand seven hundred and sixty six, no duty or other ixnpo-thence of any fition whatsoever shall be paid, in any British colony or plants-cotton wool, tien in America, for any sort of cotton wool, exported from thence; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Licence given,

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, from and after That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven to import into hundred and sixty six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Goat Britain, person or persons to import and bring into Great Britain, in in British built British built ships or vessels navigated according to law, from any port or place whatsoever, any sort of cotton wool, without

duty-free.

Entry to be made at the port of importation of such cotton wool and in

paying any subsidy, custom, or other duty, whatsoever, for the same; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwith*. Handing.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That a due entry of such cotton wool, and Indice, shall be made in the respective custom-house belonging to the port where such goods shall be imported, either in the West Indies, or Great Britain, in the same manner and form, and expressing the an?the eoods ?uant^t, cs thereof, as was used and practised before the making to be landed of this act; and the said goods shall be landed in the presence in presence of of the proper officer appointed for that purpose; otherwise such the officer j goods shall be liable to the payment of the same duties, as otherwise to would have been due and payable for the same if this act had not been made.

XXII. And, in order to promote and encourage the growth of coffee and cocoa nuts in the British dominions in America, and the importation of such goods into Great Britain, to be exported from thence into foreign parts; and to ease the merchants and dealers therein from the difficulty of paying the full duties for the same when v k. imported for that purpose; be it further enacted by the authority

paid for any aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of July, one British coffee; thousand seven hundred and sixty six, no duty or custom shall be paid for any coffee of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, nor for any foreign coffee which shall have been warehoused upon the continent of America, which shall be imported directly from such places respectively into Great Britain, in the manner requited by this or any act now in force, nor for any British or foreign cocoa nuts imported into Great Britain, other than one half of the old subsidy granted by the

pay the ic-customed duties.

nor for an foreign coW, warehoused in America, imported from thence directly into Great Britain;

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52, 283

the act of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of nor for cocoa King Charles the Second, which shall be paid down in ready nutiimported# jnoney, and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the same goods; provided such coffee and subsidy; cocoa nuts shall, immediately upon landing, be secured in ware- provided such houses, pursuant to the directions of an act made in the tenth coffee and year of the reign of King George the First, for repealing certain bTwaiSoufed duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, UpJJ, |anS chocolate, and cocoa paste imported, and for granting certain and be subject* inland duties in lieu thereof, and for other purposes in the said on being taken act mentioned and such coffee and cocoa nuts so warehoused5ut?to shall, in all other respects, be subject to the like duties, restric- guiation* efta« tiens, and regulations, if taken out for home consumption; and blished by act to the like securities, regulations, and restrictions, if taken out 10 Geo. i, for exportation, as coffee and cocoa nuts warehoused in pursuance of that act are liable to by any law now in force.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority From and af-aforesaid, That from and after the first day of January, one ter 1 Jan. 1767, thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, all sugars which shall be imported into Great Britain, from any part of the British British colo-colonies or plantations on the continent of America, shall be nies in Ame-deemed and taken to be French sugars; and the importer orricai.a, ' * proprietor shall, upon the importation thereof, paydown ready money, to the collector of his Majesty's customs, only and to*

three pence per hundred weight avoirdupois for such sugars, duty of sL which shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the per cwt. exportation of the same goods; provided such sugars shall, and to be upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the warchouted. King's locks, in warehouses provided at the foie expence of theuponland, 1, importer or proprietor of such goods, with the privity and approbation, and under the care and inspection, of the of or principal officers of the customs for the port where such goods shall be imported; and shall not be delivered out of and not deli-any such warehouse but upon the following conditions; that isvc«d out for to say, if such sugars, or any part thereof, shall be delivered for ^rtatn1<J£r. exportation to foreign parts, the owner or exporter thereof, to- ta*jn gether with one other sufficient person, shall enter into bond to tioraw His Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in treble the amount of the full duties which would be due and payable for such sugars if the dune were con fumed in this kingdom, with condition that no part of such sugar shall be relanded in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain; which bonds shall be discharged in the same manner as the bonds given for the due exportation of prohibited

rugars, be jf such. thority aforesaid, That if any such fuzars shall be goods shall be relanded, or unshipped to be relanded, contrary reUnded, «r to this act, the same, together with the boats, lighters, or any other vessels, horses, carts, or other cattle or carriages, which COnfrary to gw be employed or made use of is the removal# carriage, or tbu aft, they. .'con* are liable to

284 Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52.' £176$!

forfeiture, to- conveyance, of such goods, as also the Chip or vessel from which gather with such sugar shall be unloacted, together with her furniture and ireffcl, hoiies, apparci# foa|i bc forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and all and every person or and the per- persons who shall be assistant, or otherwise concerned in the unions affifiUig, shipping or relanding such goods, or to whose hands the same &c. forfeit shall knowingly come after the unshipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the value of such goods; which said penalties and forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, filed for, recovered, and divided, in such manner and form, and by such rules and regulations, as penalties and forfeitures inflicted for unshipping prohibited or uncustomed goods in this kingdom may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by any law now in force.

Vessels, in

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such sugars shall he shipped, loaded for ex-or permitted to be shipped or loaden for re exportation from portation, not Great Britain, on board any ship or vessel of less burden than to be under seventy tons, to be ascertained by the same rules and dimen-

70 tons. fions as tjic tonnage of ships importing brandy and other spirits

into this kingdom is to be ascertained, by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, for preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, stamp duties, post office, and house money.

Sugars taken

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority confUilintion afore^a^> That if any such sugars shall be taken out of any are to pay the warehouse, wherein the same shall be secured as aforesaid, in full duties, &c. order to be used in this kingdom; the person or persons so taking out the same, shall first pay up the remainder of the duties which would have been due and payable upon the importation of French sugars into this kingdom; and they shall, in all other respects, be liable to the same restrictions and regulations, as French sugars would have been subject and liable to, if this act had not been. made.

If the sugars shall remain warehoused without being exported, nor the full duties paid within 12 months,

the custom-house may make Tale thereof, and apply the mo* flies m clif-chargeof the The duties upon cambricks and

french lawns.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if such sugars shall not be either exported, or the full duties paid for the same, within twelve calendar months from the importation thereof, but shall then continue and be dill remaining in the said warehouses; in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of the customs for the time being, or any three or more of them, to cause the said goods so remaining, to be publickly fold, by auction or inch of candle, to the best bidder; and the money arising by such sale to be applied first in discharge of the said duties and the expences of such sales, and the overplus (if any) to be paid to the importer or proprietor of such goods, or other persons authorized to receive the same, duties and charges.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies arising by the said duties by this act imposed upon cambricks and French lawns; and alia by such part

of

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 8g

of the duties hereby also imposed upon sugars imported from aid the ad-any British colony or plantation on the continent of America, as f-m

shall exceed the duties now payable upon sugars so imported (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, recovering, !^ paying, and accounting for the same; shall be, from time to ^exchequer, time, paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer distinctly distinct from and apart from all other branches of the publidc revenue, a?1 othwdo-and be reserved in the said receipt for the disposition of par-^forSe liament. disposition of

XXIX. And whereas by the herein before recited act made in the parliament. fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is, amongst other Clauses in aft things, enacted, That before any molasses or syrups shall be laden 6n* Geo. 3. board any ship or vessel in arty of the British colonies or plantations in America, as of the growth or product thereof proof shall be made where such melasses or syrups grew or were produced and manufactured in the manner directed by the said act: and whereas by the s Geo. j1

receited act> and by another act made in the last session of parliament, for more effectually ft curing and encouraging the trade of his Majestfs American dominions, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned, it ts % amongst other things, enacted, That for every ship or vessel that shall set fail from any of the said British colonies or plantations in America, bond and security shall he given9 with condition, that in case any foreign melasses or syrups shall be laden on board such ship or vessel> the same shall be brought to some of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or to Great Britain, under the penalties and forfeitures in the said acts expressed: and whereas the duty upon Ffom and foreign melasses or syrups imported into the British colonies in ^tTnot. America are now reduced; and all melasses and Jyrups, British as i7S6, To much well as foreign, are made subject to the same duty; be it therefore of the recited enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the acts "rclat* said first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and certificate sixty six, so much of the said recited acts as relate to any proof respecting or certificate with respect to the growth, produce, or manufac- British mature, of British melasses or syrups, or any bond to be entered laffcs> fr* into with respect to foreign melasses or syrups, shall be, and the *£0^ with lame is hereby declared to be, repealed. respect to so-

reign melasses and syrups, is repealed.

XXX. And whereas by an act made in the twelfth year of the clause in aft reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for cncourag- i» Car. a, ing and increasing of shipping and navigation, and several subject quest acts of parliament which are now in force9it is9 amongst other things, enacted, That for every ship or vessel which shall load any commodities, in those acts particularly enumerated, at any British plantation, being the growth, product or manufacture thereof bonds shall be given, with one Jurety9 to the value of one thousand pounds if the ship be of left burthen than one hundred tons9 and of the sum of two thousand pounds if the jbhp be of greater burthen, that the same commodities shall be brought by such ship or vessel to some other British plantation, or to same port in Great Britain: now, in order more effectually to prevent such goods Mug privately carried from any British colony or plantation i*

Aroericj

1

a8 6

given at the ports in Ame rica, for all non-enumerated goods laden on board any vessel.

Condition of Ibe bond.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

[176$.

America into foreign parts of Europe in vejfeh that dear out with non-enumtratid goods, as well as to prevent the clandestine importation of foreign European goods into the faii British colonies\ Fran and if- be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of January>, one thousand seven hundred and curity to be' ^xty seven, bond and security, in the like penalty, shall also be given to the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, at any port or place in any of the British American colonies or plantations, with one surety besides the matter of every ship or vessel that shall lade or take on board there any goods not particularly enumerated in the said acts, with condition, that such goods shall not be landed at any part of Europe to the northward of Cape Finisterre, except in Great Britain; which bond shall be discharged in the manner hereafter mentioned; that is to say, for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, Great Britain, the condition of the bond shall be, to bring a certificate in discharge thereof within eighteen months from the date of such bond, and within six months for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in, any of the British colonies or plantations in America; which respective certificates shall be under the hands and seals of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, rriident at the port or place where such goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed at, any other place where the same may be legally landed, to bring the like certificate within twelve months, under the common seal of the chief magistrate, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants residing the re, or such bond or bonds shall be discharged, in either of the said cases, by proof upon oath made by credible persons, that the said goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas: and if any such non-enumerated goods shall be goods shall be laden on board any such ship or vessel in any British colony or blwd before Potation m America before such bond shall be given, the goods so laden, together with the ship or vessel, and her furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs, and prosecuted in such manner as any other forfeiture against the laws of the revenue may be prosecuted.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena<3-

«... by ^e authority aforesaid, That nothing herein before con-

respect to vef- tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to vessels which fels bound to shall be bona fide bound to some of the ports of Spain within the

bay of Bifutj.

Spain within the bay of Biscay.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afora said. That if any altion or suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or America, against any person or persons for any thing done in ourfuance of this or any act of parliament relating to his Majesty's customs, the defendant or defendants in such altion or suit may plead the general issue, and give the said acts, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be

had

If any such

bond given, they ere forfeited, with the vessel.

Limitation of this act, with

General iflip.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 53. a

had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and

by the authority, of such act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants;

and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action

after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if

judgement shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants shall recover treble TrtWceofis.

coifs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have

in other cases by law.

CAP. LIII.

An act for altering the oath of abjuration and the assurance-, and for amending so much of an act of the seventy year of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to persons indebted of high treason, or misprision cf treason.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the ftrftyear of the reign ^Preamble, re-his late majesty King George the rirjt, intituled An Joc^V.

for the further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late

Erincefs Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguishing the opes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors; it is, amengft other things, enabled, That all and every persons and persons therein mentioned, within Great Britain, and the Several tftands of Jersey and Guernsey, Should take and subscribe the oath of abjuration therein mentioned; and all and every person and persons therein mentioned within Scotland, Should also subscribe the affurame therein mentioned; in the manner, at the times and places, and under the pains and penalties, in the said act expressed: and whereas by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign and aft 5 Gee* of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for making more effec- «. tual the laws appointing the oaths, for security of the govern-" meat, to be taken by the ministers and preachers in churches and meeting-houses in Scotland, it is enacted, That all and every person and persons therein mentioned, in Scotland, Should subscribe the assurance in the above mentioned act contained, and also take and subscribe the oath of abjuration therein directed to be taken, in Beu of the oath of abjuration formerly required by law, in the manner^ at the times and places, and under the penalties and disabilities, in tie said act provided: and whereas by the death of the person who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the kite King James, and, fence his decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself the side and title of King of England, by the name of James tie Third, or.of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the side and title of King of Great Britain, it is become necessary te make same alt ere non in the oath of abjuration, and the assurance, contained in the said acts above mentioned: be it therefore declared and From and of-ifed by the King9! most excellent majesty, by and with the

7 ad " of ab\uca£ioa

28ft Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 53. [1765.

red to be advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and r^ted aft* commons> in this present parliament assembled, and by the to be admi- authority of the same, That from and after the fourth day of niftered in the June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the oath of ab-following juration in the said act above mentioned, be administered in form. such manner and form as is herein after fct down and pre-

scribed; (that is to say)

The form, T trub an<* sincerib acknowledge* profess* tefify* and

JL declare* in my confience* before God and the worlds That our sovereign lord King George is lawful and rightful King of this realm* and all other his Majesty's dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I do believe* in my conscience, That not any of the defendants of the person who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James the Second* and* Juice his decease, pretended to be* and took upon himself the file and title of King of England, by the name of James the Third* or of Scotland, by the name of Janies the Eighth* or the file and title of King of Great Britain, hath any right or title whatsoever to tie crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereunto belonging: and I do renounce, refute* and abjure, any allegiance or obedience to any of them. Am f do swear, That / will bear faith and true allegiance to his Majtly King George, and him will defend to the utmof of my power* against all traiterous conspiracies and, attempts whatsoever, which shall be made againf his person* crown* or dignity. And I will do my utmof endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty and his successors* all treasons and traiterous conspiracies which I fall know to be against him* or any of them. And I do faithfully promise* to the utmost of my power* to support* maintain* and defend* the succession of the crown* againf the defendants of the said James, and againf all other persons whatsoever* which successon, by an act* intituled An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject, is and sands limited to the princess Sophia, eleftorefs and dutchess dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body being protefants. Atsd all these things I do plainly and fnccrely acknowledge and swear* according to these express words by me spoken* and according to the plain common J'enfe and unierfaniing of the same words* without any equivocation* mental evasion* or secret reservation whatsoever. And I do make this recognition* acknowledgement* abjuration* renunciation* and promise* heartily* willingly, and truly* upon the true faith of a

f a christian.

And from and

niters, June, And that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one 1766, the af- thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the assurance, in the recited act to^first-mentioned act contained, be administered in fuefa be administer-manner and form as is herein after set down and prescribed; ed in the fol. that is to say, lowing form.

«... T A.B. do, in the finurity my heart, assert, acknowledge,

"rm' A and dtdart) That hit MaKing George is the onlyintqfid

tad

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 53. 289

end undoubtedsovereign of this realm, as well de jure, that is, of tight Ki.ig, as de facto, that is, in the pojfission and exercise of the government. And therefore I do promise and swear, That I will with heart and hand, life and goods, maintain and defend his right, title, and government, against the defeendants of the person who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, and, ftnee his decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself the Jiile and title of King of England, by the name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the file and title of King of Great Britain, and their adherents, and all ether enemies who, either by open or secret attempts, shall disturb #r disquiet his Majesty in the possession and exercise thereof

And that all and every person and persons who are enjoyned The said oath; and required to administer, take, or subscribe, the oath of abju- and act^rance, ration, and the assurance, in the said above mentioned j

contained, shall respectively administer, take, and subscribe, the^fJbfcrib-oath of abjuration, and subscribe the assurance, according to the ed, within the form herein set down and prescribed, in such courts, within time*«d in such time limited, in such manner, and with due obforvance of^b^the the same requisites, and with benefit of the same savings, provi- recited aks foes, and indemnities, as by the said acts above mentioned, or are directed, by any other acts, or any part of them, now fublilting, are di-redtedfand enacted; and in case of neglect or refusal, he or they shall be subject and liable to the same penalties and disabilities as, by the laws and statute9 aforesaid, are enacted.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That prQm .^ from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun- ter " August, dred and sixty six, the same oath of abjuration by this act ap- 1766, the Tame pointed to be taken in Great Britain, shall be the oath of abju- oath of abjuration to be taken in the kingdom of Ireland, and the rest of his "£ion.t0j Majesty's dominions, and no other; and that the benefit of the £nd"ami*" indemnities given by the said first mentioned act of the first other his Ma« year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, shall domi-continue and be in force, as to the said kingdom of Ireland, in J^on, ' -. like manner as if this act had never been made; any thing demnities herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, granted by

a ft of 1 Geo. i. to be in force in Ireland.

III. And whereas by an act pajfei in the seventh year of the a f.

reign of her late majesty $hteen Anne, intituled An act for im- Ann.m

provine the union of the two kingdoms, it is enabled, Tlmt from 7 and after the decease of the person who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, and, fuice his decease, pretended to be King of Great Britain, and at the end bf toe term of three years after the immediate successm to the crown upon the demise of her said late Majesty JbovU take effeti, taken any person is indtiled for high treason, or mijjprifm of treason, csBftof the witmJJ'es that shall be produced on the trial for proving the said sudsftment, and of the jury, mentioning the names, frofeft^on, and tlace of abode, of the said witnesses and jurors, be we given, at the same time that the copy of the indictment is deliver-Tol. XXVII. U ed,

396

Recited act not to extend to indictments for counterfeiting the coin, privy seal, privy signet, or other indictments of high treason, See.

[Preamble.]

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 54. [1765.

ed, to the party indiSled; and that copies of all indictments for the offences aforesaid, with such lifts, shall be delivered to the party in* aifted ten days before the trials and in presence of two or more credible witnesses; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That hothinf* contained in the said recited act, shall any ways extend to any mdiftment of high treason for counterfeiting his Majesty's coin, the great seal oir privy seal, his lign manual, or pnvv signet, or to any indictment of nigh treason, or to any proceedings thereupon against any offender or offenders who, by any act or acts now in force, is and are to be indisted, arraigned, tried, and convicted, by such like evidence, and in such manner, as is used and allowed against offenders for counterfeiting his Majesty's coin.

CAP. LIV.

An act for putting the road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Comer, and from the south end of Park Lane to the north side of Hertford Street, in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex, now under the direSion of the a Sis for repairing the roads in the parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, Fulham, and Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex, under the management of the commfftoners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streets, lanes, and other places in Westminster.

WHEREAS by several aSls of parliament made in tht twelfth year of the reign of King George the /Vr/?, and tht fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads in the parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other parishes therein mentioned m tie county ^/" Middlesex; and for repairing some other roads in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and the said parishes ef Kensington and Chelsea; the roads leading from the end of Clarges Street to the present turnpike gate near Hyde Park Comer, and from the south end of Park Lane to the north side of Hertford Street, in the said parish of Saint George Hanover Square, are, amongst other roads therein described, directed to be repaired: ad whereas it would be of publick utility if the said roads leading from the end of Clarges Street to the present turnpike-gate near Hyde Paik Corner, and from the south end of Park Lane to the nerd side of Hertford Street, were put under the direction and management of the emmissioners for putting in execution the several acts of parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streetSi haul, tend other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, the parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the tariff) Saint Andrew's Holbourn which hes in the county ^ Middlesex, the feveri liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the duteby if Lancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for prevmibq 3 ... amtymutt

291

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 54.

mnoyances therein, and for other purposes in the fend alts mentioned; r nda proper annual allowance made for the same to the said ioners, out of the monies to arise by virtue the said aits of the

welfth year of the reign of King George the and the fourteenth

1tar of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and of any \uture ail or acts for repairing roads in the said Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's ooft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of be lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present tarliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thatfrom and after the passing of this act, so much of the said acts with respect if the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and to the Clarges he fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George he Secona, as relates to repairing the said roads leading frome* re*>ealea*he end of Clarges Street to the present turnpike-gate near Hyde park Corner, and from the south end of Park Lane to the north ide of Hertford Street, in the said parish of Saint George Hanover 'quart, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, an*fth* ro*<* fhat from and after the passing of this act, the said roads

eading from the end of Clarges Street to the present turnpike- for paving, ate near Hyde Park Copier, and from the south end of Park 'me to the north side of Hertford Street, in the said parish of cant George Hanover Square, shall be under the care, manage-tent, and direction, of the said of for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streets, lanes, and other laces within the city and liberty of Westminster, and other laces in the said several acts mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, An annual 'hat in order to enable the said of ettcdtually to fu«n tobepaid ave, deanse, light, keep in repair, and regulate, the said roads to the «wru* acting from the end of Clarges Street to the present turnpike- missionen.* ate near Hyde Park Corner, and from the south end of Park

ant to the north side of Hertford Street, in the said parish of tint George Hanover Square, the trustees for the time being to le laid acts of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the irft, and the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty ling George the Second, and to any future act or acts of par-ament for repairing the several roads in the parishes of n, Chelsea, and Fulham, in the county of by the said

fts directed to be repaired, or any five or more of them, shall ay, or cause to be paid, yearly and every year, during the con-ntunce of the said acts of the twelfth year of the reign of King oorge the First, and the fourteenth year of the reign of his late lajoty King George the Second, and of any future act or acts F parliament for repairing the same roads in the parishes of onfington, Chelsea, and Fulham, to the said of for Btting iri execution the several acts of parliament for paving, eansing, and lighting, the squares, streets, lanes, and other laces, in the said acts mentioned, or any three or more of them, f to such person or persons as shall be by them authorized and

a$z Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 54. [1765.

appointed to receive the same, the sum of one thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free from all deductions whatsoever, by four even or equal quarterly payments in the year; that is to say, the feall of Saint Michael the Archangel, the birth our Lord Christy the annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary> and the nativity of Saint John the Bapti/l; the first payment to begin and be made on the feast day of Saint Michael the Archangel now next ensuing, which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six: and if the said payments, or any part or parts thereof, mall be behind and unpaid for the space of fourteen days after the same shall become due, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or for such person or persons as they, or any three or more of them, shall, by writing under their hands and seals, appoint, to seize and take possession of any turnpike-gate or gates upon any part or parts of the said roads, and to collect and receive the tolls by the said acts, any or either of them, authorized to be taken thereat, until the sum or sums so remaining due and unpaid, and all reasonable charges attending such seizure, collection, and reception, shall be fully paid, satisfied, and discharged, and no longer. Annual sum

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be applied That the said annual sum of one thousand pounds mall be ap-jn paving, etc* by the said of in paving, cleansing, lighting, repairing, and regulating, the said roads leading from the end of Clarges Street to the present turnpike-gate near Hyde Park Corner, and from the south end of Park Street to the north side of Hertford Street, in the said parish of Saint George Hanover 1Square, in the said county of Middlesex % and the several other squares, llreers, lanes, and places, under the care and management of the said of, and to and for no other purpose whatsoever.

Impowering V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commit- the said of, or any three or more of them, may, fowe^t°eb0r an(* are hereby empowered, from time to time, to borrow and w m^take up at interefi any sum or sums of money upon the credit jo( the said annual sum of one thousand pounds, so to be paid by virtue of this act to the said of for putting in execution the several acts of parliament for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the iquares, streets, lanes, and other places, in the said acts mentioned, in manner aforesaid; and to assign over and convey the same, or any part or parts thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals; the charges of such assignments and conveyances to be paid out of the said annual sum of one thousand pounds, to any person or persons who shall advance or lend their monies thereon, as a security or t>*curities for the several sums that shall be borrowed, and the tute-rest thereof as aforesaid; and copies of all such afligiunente and conveyances shall be entered in a book or books to be kept fir that purpose by the clerk or treasurer to the said commissioocn: and all and every person and persons to whom any such assign* ment or conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, is and am h

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 54. 299

by impowered, from time to time, by assignment under his, her,

or their hand or hands, to be indorsed on the back of his, her,

or their security, or by any other writing or writings tinder his,

her, or their hand and seal, or hands and ieals, which, shall be

executed in the presence of two or more credible witnesseSj to assign over or transfer his, her, or their right to the principal

or interest money thereby secured, to any person or persons

whomsoever; all which assignments or transfers shall be pro-'

duced and notified to the clerk or treasurer within thirty days

after the date thereof, who shall cause an entry to be made of such alignments, containing the date, names of the parties,

and sums of money therein mentioned to be assigned and trant*

fcrred, in the said book or books to be kept for entering the said'

original alignments; for which the clerk or treasurer shall be

paid the sum of two shillings and six pence, and no more; and which said book or books mall and may, at all feaibnable times,

he perused and inspected without any fee or reward; and after.

such entry made, such assignment or transfer shall intitle inch

assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns,

to the benefit thereof and payment thereon; and such assignee

may, in such manner, assign or transfer again, and so tries

ruoties y and it shall not be in the power of any person who shall

nave made such assignment or transfer, to make void, release

jr discharge the same, or any monies thereon due; and that nor

preference shall be given to any person or persons advancing any sum or sums of money upon the credit of this act, in respect to

the priority of advancing such sum or sum?, but that all persons

to whom any mortgages or assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the sum or sums therein mentioned, be creditors in equal degree one with another.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, For paying the

That the expences of passing this a A shall be paid out of the the J^P*"* Gift monies to be raised by virtue of this act of*e

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, For continu-

That in case the term of the said acts of the twelfth year of in.S1 turn-King George the First, and the fourteenth year of his late Majesty, shall not be further continued by a St of parliament, from tolls, in case the expiration of the present subsisting term thereof; it shall and the turnpike may be lawful for the said of, or any three or more&» shall not of them, immediately after the expiration of such present sub- cont, nuw* Gfting term, to cause any gate to be erected or continued at or

near the place where the present turnpike (lands at Hyde Park Comery and to take and receive the respective tolls, authorized by the said acts to be taken and received,t the said turnpike, id manner, and under the penalties, authorities, and indemnities, in the said acts mentioned, and to apply the same in paving, cleansing, lighting, repairing, and regulating, the said roads leading from the end of Clarges Street to the present turnpike ntc near Hyde Park Corner, and from the louth end of Park Mil to the north side of Hertford Street, in the said parish of Saint George Hanover Square.

U3 VIII. And

294

FubBckaft.

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 55 — 62. [1765.

Vlir. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, a publick act} and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An act to enable Thomas Kymer to mate a navigable cut

or canal from Little Gwenaraeth River, near the town of Kid-wely, to the Great Forest and Pwll Llygpd, in the aunty of Carmarthen.

CAP. LVI.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping the road lead-

ing from Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to the croft ways near Maresfield Street, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. LVII.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two one of the twelfth of King George the Firjf, and the other of the fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Horsley Upright

Gate to the top of Kingsdown Hill, in the county of Wilts; and for amending several roads near or adjoining to the said road.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of the fourth year of his late Majesty for repairing the road from Godstone, in

the county of Surrey, to Highgate, in the parish of East Grinded, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Beverley, by Mols-croft, to Kendell-house; and from Molfcroft toBainton Balk, in the county of York.

CAP. LX.

An act for discontinuing the use of several roads leading into and aver Fisherwick Park, in the county of Stafford; and for building and maintaining a publick bridge cross the river Tame, at or near Elford Mill Ford, in the said county; and for repairings and keeping in repair, the road from such bridge to Hademore Gate,

in the road leading through Whittington to Litchfield.

CAP. LXI.

An act for the better regulation of pilots for the conducting of flips and vessels into and out of the port Liverpool.

CAP. LXII.

An act to enlarge and continue the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing the roads from Doncaster through Ferry Bridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross, \ and allb from Ferry Bridge to Weatberbi; and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the county of York.; as to so much of the Jiud aft os relates to the said roads from Dooc^fter through Ferry Bridge, to the south fido of Tadcaster Cross.

a 95

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 63 — 71.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for the support and preserva of the church of

Folkestone, and the lower part of the town of Folkestone, in

the county of Kent.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for the bettor maintaining, regulating, and employing, the

poor vnthin the parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, in the city of London.

CAP. LXV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ali made in the twenty fifth year of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the north end of Mailing-Street, the town of Lewes, and other roads in the county of Sussex j for amending the road from the Broil Park Gate, to the west end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hum Green, through the parishes of Etchingham and Burwash; and from the said Broil

' Park Gate to the town of Battell in the find county.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for building a bridge croft the river Thames, from Batteries in the county of Surry, to Chelsea in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXVII.

'An act for repairing and widening the road firm Bawtry, in the county of York, toEast Markham common, in the county of Nottingham, and frm Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said county.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Cross or Market Place in the town of Wimbpme Minster, to the Crofe or

Market Place in the town of Blandford Forum, in the county of Dorset.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to the turnpike road at or near Langley Mill, in the said county.

CAP. LXX.

An act to remove and regulate tie publick markets in the city of Bath; for widening certain streets, ways, and passages, within the said city, and the liberties and prtcinds thereof, and for opening certain new streets and ways within the same-, for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, lanes, ways, and passages there, to remove all nuifanc and

4o prevent the same for the future-, and for better /applying the inhabitants of the said city, liberties, and precincts, with water.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fourth year of his late majesty King George the Second, 'for repairing several roads h the county of Bucks, far as the

Anno sexto Georgii III. 0, 72 — 80. 11765.

same relates to the road between the town of Wendover and the town of Buckingham.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for the reKef and employment of the poor, and for repairing the highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Jtretts

and other places in the town and of Richmond, in the county of Surrey5 and for removing and preventing annoyances, obstructions., andincroachmentstherein; and for Jbutting up a read from the bite horse fern at Kew to West Sheene Lane near Richmond Green; and for amending and keeping in repair the road from Kew Bridge to Richmond.

CAP. LXXIII.

An oClfor repairing the road from the burgh Lauder, in

of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Jbirt of Roxburgh,

to the Marchbum.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to render more effectual an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXV.

An act to render more effectual an act passed in the last session of parliament, for rebuilding the parish church of Alnaflows on the Wall, in the city of London; and for rebuilding the house belonging to the reClorof the said paj and for purchasing fevered

pieces of ground and tenements thereon, to render the passages to \ and from the feud church and house more commodious,

CAP. LXXVI.

An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of England

to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous and near to the bank; and for making certain avenues leading thereto more co modious.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the stone bridge in the town of Shrewsbury.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for making and continuing navigable the river Stort, in the counties of Hertford and Essex.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Act) borne to Sudbury; and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge; from the turnpike road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the counties Derby and Stafford.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for repaying and widening the roads from Brimmingtone*/ Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, aver the High Moors, to the several pueet therein mentioned.

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 81 — 8*; iSf

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for further continuing the duty of one farthing per

on coals, granted by an act of the first year of Queen Anne, and

revived and continued by an act of the eighth George the Second, for improving and repairing the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, and for better regulating the shipping the re.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the x

firth year of King George the Second, for repairing several roads

leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the districts of roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow $ and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge.} and for altering and ascertaining the course of the last mentioned difirid of road.

CAP. LXXXIn.

An act for enlarging the term and powers osso much of two acts made in the ti ulfth year of the reign of AUfg George the ', and in the twelfth ytar of the reign of KingXjtorgt the Second, for repairing the road froth Spittlegate Hill, in the county of "Lincoln, to Little Drayton, In the county of Nottingham, as relates to the road from Spittlegate Hill to Boston Bridge, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from

turnpike road at Haverhill to Red Cross, in the patrish of Shclford, in the county Cambridge.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing the road from the turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Ringles Cross, near Uckfidd, in the county of Sudcx.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the present turnpike road in the parish of Hursley, in the county of Southampton, through the borough of Andover, to the town of Newbury, in the county of Series} and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River.

CAP LXXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield turnpike road, near the nine mile stone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton, Tupton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the of A(h-

over, in the county of Derby.

CAP LXXXVIII.

An act for repairing and sjtndening the road from High Bridges, in

the county of Stafford, toUuoxeter; and from 5path*/sHmng*

ing. Bridge;, aid: from TewnalTs Lane to Yosaff- Bridge,

ahefindomts. 0

7

498

Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 89 — 97. [1765.

CAP. LXXXIX.

Anall for repairing and widening the read leading from tie ef Church Lane, in the town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Woor Chester, near the town of Namptwich, in the county Chester; and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balteriy, to Ghofty

CAP. XC.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the eighth and twenty seventh years of his late for repairing

and widening the road from Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the towns of Halifax Ealand, in the county of York.

CAP. XCI.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the session of parliament, for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watt's Cross to Cowden, in the f Kent, so far as the same relates to the road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

CAP. XCII.

An act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in repair yseveral roads leading from the market cross in the town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the county of Dorset.

CAP. xciii.

An act for amending and widening the road from the town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the turnpike road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a place called Bound Gate.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for making the river Soar navigable from the river Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the county of Leicester; and for making navigable cuts or canals from the said river Soar, to or near The Rushes and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforesaid.

---

CAP. XCV.

An act for repairing and widening the road loading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further end of Darlaston Lane, next the Portway; and from thence through Bilston, to the further end of Gibbett Lane; and several other roads leading to and from Bilston, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the county of Derby, to the river Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the county of Worcester, to cross the river Trent, at or near Heywood

1765.] Anno sexto Georgii III. c. 98 — 102. 299

Mill, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the said river Trent and the river Mersey.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to the town of Dartford, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Muckley Corner, to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other roads in the county of Stafford.

CAP. C.

An act for the better regulating and employing the poor; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within that part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the bars, in the county of Middlesex, and the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said county.

CAP. CI.

An act for making the river Chelmer navigable from the port of Maldon to the town of Chelmsford, in the county of Essex.

CAP. CII.

An act to enable the principal officers and of commissioners of his Majesty's navy to carry into execution certain articles agreement made for a lease of ground for the improvement of his Majesty's dock yard of Plymouth.

