THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of gray's inn, Esq; Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXIII.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1780.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Sixth Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. For holding the ensuing election of a knight of shire for the county of Southampton, at the town of New Alresford, in the said county.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

Cap. 4. For continuing an act, made in the last session of parliament, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any ships or vessels, for a limited time.

Cap. 5. For further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 6. To repeal certain acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the trade and commerce of Ireland with foreign parts.

Cap. 7. To amend an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine conveyance of sugar and pancles from the British colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain.

---

Cap. 8. To indemnify such officers of tjrtte militia at have not transmitted'to the clerks of the peace defliriptions of their qualifications, and certificates of their having taken the oaths as required; and for allowing further Vimte for the delivery of descriptions of qualifications by such officers of the militia; and for obliging the captain lieutenant delivef in a dfcfeription of his qualification.

Cap. 9. For extending the provisions of two acts, made in the eighteenth year of his present ^m^fty** fejgrt, and In the last session of parliament, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned a as relates'so the certificates for prize tea and East India goods exported'from this kingdom to Ireland; for the removal of East India goods condemned as prize at any out port to Londdn forfalei andes pritt goods tor exportation; and for reducing the duty on foreign prize tobacco.

Cap. 10. To allow the trade between trribw/ and that british colonies and plantations in America and thft west Indies, and the British settlements on. the coast of Africa, to be carried on in like manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said colonies and settlements.

Cap. 11. For continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, An ar for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots Pint of ale, porter, and beer, which jbau be brewed for Jak, brought into, tapped, or sold within the town of kelfo, in the Jhite of Roxburgh, for finijhing a bridge cross the river Tweed, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 12. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on more.

Cap. 14. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

Cap. 15. For repealing lb much of an act, made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An ar for amending and rendering more effitrual an ar, made in the tenth year of his Majesty s reign, intituled, M An or for building a new parish church, and declaring the present a parish church or chapel; for making a car metery, or churchyard; and for building an house for the use of the vnnifter of the pdrijh efszint mary ie bone, in the county of middlesex" " impowers the vestrymen of the said parish to build a

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

church upon a certain parcel of ground, in the said parish, belonging to Henry Wiliam Portman, esquire, heretofore parcel of a certain dose, called The Fifteen Acres.

Cap. 16. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for eftabiilhing a lottery.

Cap. 17. To remove certain difficulties relative to voters at county eledions.

Cap. 18. To repeal so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying, coin out of this realm into Ireland; and so much of certain acts, made in Great Britain, which prohibit the importation of foreign hops into Inlandjlt\& which take off the drawback upon hops exported from grtat Britain to Irelands and to allow the importation into, and exportation from, Ireland, of such goods as may be imported ifh to, or exported from, Great Britain, by the merchants of land trading to xht Levant seas.

Cap. 19. To continue several laws relating to the better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty's subjects to and from thft East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his majesty's subjects trading thither under foreign commissions; to the importing salt from Europe into the'province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat skins into tbit kingdom; to the allowing the exportation of Certain quantified of wheat, and other articles, to his majestyysugar Coloqies in America, and to the permitting the exportktton of tobaccopipfc olay from this kingdom to she British sugar colonies orplanta sions in the West indies.

Cap. 20. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and oft board merchahtships, and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 21. For amending and rendering more effectual two acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh years of his present majesty's reign, for better Jupplyittg the city of Worcester, and the liberties thereof, with water, and for the better paving and lighting the fend stiff, and for removing and preventing illobftruflions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 22. For the better government and regftlatidn of the poor, in the town and parish of Madjttnti in the county of Kent.

Cap. 23. To amend an act made in the last session of partiament, intituled, An act for the encohrogement of seamen, and the there speedy and effectual manning hts Majeftfs navy, artd for task g further provisions fomhofe pttfpoks.

Cap, 24. For converting into money fhe^attote labour, in the dlewartry of Kirkcudbright, for'the purpofo'of repairing'the high wvays, bridges, and ftrries, wkhin the said stewartry.

Cap. 25. For raperiing the duties poya&eupon pot arid pearl ashes, wood and weed ames, imported into Great Britain, and wotf atonting dthof duties in Keu thcreofj fbra limited time; .

Cap. 26. For repairing, enlarging, atw prefdviftg theharbour of /iberyflwytbi in the county of Cetdiganr

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 27. For building a bridge across the river Wye, between ivhiincy and Clyfford, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on advertisemems; and certain duties on receipts for legacies, or for any lhareof a personal estate divided by force of the statute of distributions, or the cuftona of any .province or place.

Cap. 29. To protect goods or merchandise, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board neutral vessels bound to neutral ports, during the present hostilities.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and.vinegar imported; into this kingdom.

Cap. 31. For allowing a bounty 00 the exportation of British corn and grain, in ships the property of persons of any kingdom or date in amity with his Majesty.

Cap. 32. For enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twentieth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for building a bfidge crossthy river Thamesfrom the patijb of Walton upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, Shepperton, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 33. To explain, and amend an act, made in the seventeenth ye*ir of the rpign^f/his present Majesty, intituled, An all ea repeal an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, 44 The master of the rolls empowered to make Uajts for yc?rs9 in order to, new buifd the old.houses belonging to the rills and, for the better regulating the .method pjgranting leases of yhe said fills ejlate fit the future $ and far making compensation to the earl of Macclcsheld, and sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial *igbtsc4$d inter efts in certain Uajes made of .the rolls estate \ for regulating the method of making leases of the/aid ejlate for t he future.

Cap. 34. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and for regulating the exportation ofjait tp th slfie of Man.

Cap. 35. For granting fp his Majesty additional duties upon malt, and upon low wines and spirits made for home consumption, and upon foreign, fpirijta imported inkq, Great Britain, and upon fh^ produce of the said several dudes; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken but by au persons trading in, vend ingvpr fehing of, coffee, tea, or chocolate, V

Cap, 36. For obviating doubts, touching the binding and rcj ceivingof poor children apprentices, in purfuaooe of several acts of parliament made for tyre relief of the poor within particular incorporated hundreds or districts; and for afeerraining the settlement of bastard children born in the houses of industry within such hundreds or districts

Cap. 37. To continue, for a limited time, so much of an act made in the last session of pari lament, for the more easy and better recruiting his Majesty e land forces and marines, as relates to the encouragement of volunteers.

Cap. 38. T ovelt oeftaii? messuages, lands, tenements, and .hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty'* docks, ships, and stores, at Plymouth and Sheernejs\ and for better defending the paitage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

Cap. 39. To admit to an entry into this kingdom, under certain rcftriftions, tobacco imporred not directly from the place of its growth or produce, and for granting an additional duty on such tobacco, during the present hostilities.

Cap. 40. To repeal To much of an act, njade in the fifteenth year of his majesty's reign, (for settling Buckingham House upon the Queen in lieu of Sortierfet House, and for other purposes ** ables the commissioners of his majesty's treasury to apply the sums necessary for completing Somerset House, out of the aids granted for naval services, or out of any of the revenues arising from the receipt of the several offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said act.

Cap. 41. To Continue an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled An act for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expediteous, end for regulating the diligence of the law by arrefment and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to propitfory notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and prorhijj'ory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon certain goods imported into the Isle of Man and for better regulating the trade and securing the revenues of the said island.

Cap. 43. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand i'even hundred and eighty.

Cap. 44. To explain an act of the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for augmenting the militia \ and to declare valid and effectual the swearing in and inrolment of militia men, fuh ftirutes, and volunteers, in cases where all the provisions of the several acts now in being, relative thereto, have not been observed, to indemnify deputy lieutenants, chief magiftrares, 'and justices of the peace, for their proceedings therein respectively; to declare Valid and effectual the commissions granted by deputy lieutenants, in the absence of the lieutenant of any ooutity out of the kingdom, to officers commanding volunteer companies; and to indemnify deputy lieutenants and officers tyho have granted, or acted under, such commilfibnsj and to enlarge the powers of deputy lieutenants in certain cases.

Cap. 45. To permit goods, the product or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in briti/h Or foreign vessels from any place whatsoever; and for laying a duty on cotton and Cotton wool imported into this kingdom in foreign lhips or vessels, for a limited time. '

Cap. 46. To allow the exportation of provisions, goods, wares, and merchandise, from Great Britain to certain towns, : portr.or places, in North America, which are or may be under the protection of his majesty's ajrm&; and from such towns, i; a 3 porta

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

ports or places, to Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions.

Cap. 47. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; , aod to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admissions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or, - having been damped, have been lod or m>fcid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors

Cap. 48. For repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the high dreet or road, called Gofwe, leading from Aldersgate bars, without Aldersgate, Londto the house of fvoodhouse Cokergentleman, near the turnpike at the end of the said dreet or road, in the county of Middlesex; and alto,

house yard, the north side of fan's all mount mill, and court, contiguous to the said dreet or road, on the ead and wed fides thereof; . and for removing nuilances therefrom, and preventing the like for the futrue.

Cap. 49. To ved certain messuages, .lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trudees, for the better Securing his Majedyts dock, ships, and dores, at Chatham.

Cap. 50. For exempting the city of, in the county of Southampton, the town of Shrewsbury, and the county of,

out of the provisions of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, Ate at for regulating the quartering of foldien during the time of the tlefiions of members to serve in par; so far as the same relates to the removal of troops during the elections of members to serve in parliament, for a limited time.

Cap. 51. For repealing an aid, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, intituled, An for granting to his Mafefly certain duties on licences to he taken out by all persons let tingborfys to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned i arid certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling tjft, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 52. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon darch and hair powder imported, and upon darch made in Great Britain, and upon sweets.

Cap. 53. For raifiog a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, far the Ter vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

Cap. 54. For appointing and. enabling commissioners to examine, take, and date the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public (entice; and what defects

A TABLE of the STATUTES.'

there are in the present mode of receiving, collecting, ifluirigj and accounting for public money; and in What more expedi'tious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said services ban i future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public.

Cap. 55. To repeal (b much of an at, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the removal of wool, and other articles, to certain times and hours therein mentioned.

Cap. 56. For continoing in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for i further time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies', and sot reviving, and continuing for a further time, so much of an act, made in the tbiiteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An all far ejlaili/hing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe, ) as hath expired in the course of the present year; and for indemnifying the said company for any money they have paid, or may pay, in or about the building of three Ships of the line for the service of the public.

Cap. 57. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 58. For granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coiffee imported by the company, in the ship Europa, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

Cap. 59. To empower his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and to restrain the carrying coastwise, of copper in bars, of topper in (heets, for a limited time.

Cap. 60. To explain and amend two acts made in the fifteenth and six teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the limits of the Greenland leas and (heights, and the seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the time for the return of the vessels employed in the whale fimeries.

Cap. 61. For continuing the encouragement and reward of perlbns making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

Cap. 62. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money but of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this femon of parliament.

Cap. 63. To indemnify such persons as have acted in the suppression of the late riots and tumults, in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and borough of Southwark, and for the preservarion of the public peace.

Cap. 64. To prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections.

Cap. 65. To repeal so much of an act, made in the (even teenth year of his present majesty's reign, as relates to tb mon tafy and speedy recovery of wall debts within the parishes of Hallifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guifeley, Calverly, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartilhead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, Huddersfield, and the lordship or liberty of Tong, in the well riding of the county of York 5 and for granting other powers for those purposes; and for extending the jurisdiction of the court baron of the manor of Kighley, in the said county.

Cap. 66. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the hamlet of mile end New Town, in the parish of Stepney, in the county of Middlesexy for paving, deansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other open pafiages and places, within the said hamlet, and removing nuilances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for consolidating the highway rates with other rates within the said hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the parish of Saint Mary Matfelon otherwise Whitechapel, in the said county, and removing a bar now (landing across the same, and other nuisances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, .entitled, An oh to widen and repair the road from the guide pojl% near the end Drayton Lan c>near Banbury, in the county of Oxford, to the house called The Sun Riling, at the top of Edge Hill, in the county Warwick.

Cap. 68. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts, made in the first and sixteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for the more effesual amending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the county of Bedford, and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tick ford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 69. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, ir repairing ana widening the roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southam in the same county, to the borough of Banbury in the county of Oxford; and from the guide post in the village of Adderbury in the same county, through Kidlington, to the mile way leading towards the city of Oxford; and also the road leading fr&m a place called The Two Mile Tree near the city of Oxford, over Gosford otherwise Goffard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Weston on the Green in the said county; so far as the same relates to the road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southam, in the same county, lo the borough of Banbury in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 70. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the thirty first year of the rasa of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from to the gates on though west of htmond's ball Down, and other roads in the said act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the road from the market house in Tetbury to the turnpike road on common; and from the said road in Minehinhampton field unto the turnpike ros^d from Cirtruefttrto Stroud, near and from the said turnpike road to tailors mill pond in Cbalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the bottom of the bourn bill, ia the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 71. For more cfiedually repairing the roads from war mil to Raddle Brook, and from Wvlekto Stratford upon Awn, in the counties of Warwick and Worctjler; and for repealing the laws now in force relating to the said roads.

Cap. 72. For enlarging the term and powers of anad, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his majesty King the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the high rood, leading from the town of Mansfield, in the aunty of Nottingham, through the towns of Pleailey, Glapwell, Heath, and Nor menton, and the liberty of Hastand, to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby to the town of Chefterfidd, in the tounty of Derby.

Cap. 73. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An act for repairing end widening the roads from Grantham, in the tounty of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge j ndfrom Chappd Bar, near the toed end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint mary's Bridge, in the town of Derby; and from though guide post, in the parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, ) as relates to the road leading from Cbappel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the town of Derby, and from the guide post, in the pariiui of, to Sawley, Ferry.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his majesty Kin Georgo the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from Cbappel Bar, near the west end of the town Nottingham, to New Haven, and from The Four Lane Ends near oaker thorpe, to Aftiborne, and from The cross post on wirkfworth moor, to join the road loading from Chesterfield to Chapel en lo Frith, at or near Longfton, in the aunty Derby, and from Selfton to Anneiley Woodhouse, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 75. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King Gorge the Second, intituled, An oo to continue, amend, and mate, ifiitual, an ail, passed in the twelfth year of the of his pre yea Majesty, intituled, "An act for repairing the roads from the etrtb wft parts of though aunty of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields,

Wngjby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to The Wolds, or north east Port of though send aunty? and also for repairing and widening the roads

A TABLE OF the STATUTES. '

rtodl from The Well, in East Gate, in the city of Lincoln, and frm that inrth wtfi end of Homcastle, and from The guide pod, at that east end ^hainton, through Barkwith, to the roads direftei to he repaired by the find aft. *

Cap. 76. To Enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in he twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing'and widtmng the road from The Hand and Pod, mupton'field, in theparijk of Burfbrd, tn the ford through the severed parishts within mentioned, to a place in that k'ijh of Preston, in the county of Gloticeiter, called Dancy's ncy.'

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the roads from tn the eoohtv of Southampton, through Fareham and Wickham, to

the town of Bishops Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid* through dfoxford, 'Bxton, Warnford, and r

sottm, hor Chawton Pond, in the parish of, in the said wnty.

Cap. 78. To explain and amend lo much of an act, passed in the fixteenfh year of his present Majesty's reign, to continue and binder more effectualfvtral alls of parliament for repairing that

boays leading to Hrghgate gatehouse and hampftcad, and for feve yal other purposes in the said aril mentioned act contained, as gives p&rfer to erect or remove turnpikes or toll gates, so far as relates tof'erecting or continuing any turnpike or toll gate in Grass fra Lane, or between the said lane and the new road lead ingfrom i/ington tx Paddington. '

Cap. 79. For more effectually repairing the road leading from the end of the Butter turnpike road, on the well side of lord Cliffords park gate, to Biiaaford; and also several roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Ttign Bridge, in the county of Devon nand for repealing two acts, of the thirty second of

his late Majesty, and the second of his present Majesty, made' for repairing the said roads

Cap. 80. To continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the term and powers in thred several aftr, made in the twelfth year of the reign of kinggrtfr^r the First, and in the eighteenth and thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, repairing the roads from Birmingham, t Warwick to warming tonne, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the county of Warwick, so far as the same relate to foe road from Birmingham, through Warmth, to aforesaid, and soon to the rnmoll limits of the said county, on bdgehiu aforesaid:

: 8r. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, palfrd in the twenty seventh yeas of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, for repairing'and widening the road from that north end fl/bridgeford Labe, in the county Nottingham, to need through several town's' andplaces in the counties of Nottingham' '

m.d. Rutland, ana through Rockingham, toihe bowling green at Kettering, in the county Northampton'.

Cap. 82. For enlarging the term and powers of two actsj'wft L

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the first and second yean of his present Majesty, for if, widening, and keeping in repaid the read leading fuherron Bridge t*the turnpike readat Willoughby Hedge, inweft Knoylc, end frtmwilton Bridge to the turnpike read at the voefo endef

Heytefeury; and alft toe redd frm'tb turnpike read Rea Hone hill, in the parish efurfhfont, tt themhe gone mjlen end gffifherton Street, in the tounty ef wilts > >'s Cap. 83. To continue the term and enlarge the power of ah ad, made in the thirty feeond year of the reign of hit late majesty Ring Georgethe Secood, for repairing the read frmibe feutb ef the South Street, in the parish ef South Mailing near the Ibgm y Lema, «giyndbridgej and from tbenee, through ffrlestreet

under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the parish ef Alfnftoo, in ltd aantyofsasex*^-

Cap. 84. For making and maintaining a road frrtrt tittups lore, io the parish of Horjley, to join the turnpike road folding from Gremejler to Dudbndge, at or near Dudbridge, in the parish of

Sodborongb; and from the bridge et Neilfworth, in the parish of Avening, to Aftntbmhampton Common; and several other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Gloucester. »

Cap. 85. For enlarging the term and powers of two ad, of the twenty sixth of his late Majesty, and the fifth of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the to wn of Sbepton M, in the county of Jet; and for repairing the road from Steen Bov to the

turnpike road leading from Glajlonbtery to Piper's Indy and frost cldiweu to Glqfltnbury, and from Sbepten Malet to a place called The White Pofty in the turnpike road leading from Bath to Wells, in the hid county. '

Cap. 86. For reviving and continuing the term, and varying, same of the powers, of in act made in the twenty-ninth yea of the reign of his late majesty King the Second', inti*

taied, Anatt for repairing and widening the highroad from the hoe, rmgh ef Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the town Pateley Bridge, i tbetounty of York; and for making compenfction to the true fleet and mortgagees under two acts, made in the thirty feeond year of his late' majesty king<?*wgr the Second, and in rhe four tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening Ibe high roiad from ivetberby to grejjikgton, in the county of

Cap. 87. For repealing two ids, made in the! eleventh and htemy feveath years of thk feign <rf King George the Second; fer Pepoiring the road from the Trent Bridge, An the Inw of Nottingham, through Gwftock otherwise' Cortlingftoeh lane, to Cotes'bridge, in tie eounty sf Leiceftetf and for aak fcfjpck effcduet^rtwifkmforthe repair Of theftid road.

* Cap. 88. For enlarging the terms and power of to ad, 'made kike thirty feeond yeat of the reign of his majesty King dwmthe Second, intituled, Alt alt repairing), amending, and

ttddmng, ihoroddtfrtm the south west netherbridge, in the

needy^Westmoreland, by siaergbfehfide, to leven's Bridge,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and frm thence through the town tf Millthorp, Dixes, and from the teum of Millthorp afortfaid to Hangbridge, from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road at near Clawthrop

Hall in the county afortfaid.

Cap. 89. To enlarge the term and powers of an a A, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ao for amending the road from Sacred Gate, in the of Thorn

Gutnbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and frm The Guide

Ejft, in Wineftcad, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow ranton's Farm, in the county of York; and for ftouring and -

ing the said creek or haven.

Cap. 90. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the

Ewer, of .an aa, made In the thirty first year .of the reign of i late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and ing the roads frm the town of Stockbridge, in the county tf Southampton, to the city of Winchester, and from the said through Bellmour Lane, to the top if stephen's Castle Down, near the town of bishop's Waltham in the find and from the said city of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate in the town and county of the town tf Southampton.

Cap. 91. To enlarge the term and powers of an a, pa fled in the thirty second year of King George the Second, repairing and widening the road from the croft, at broken crow, in Macclesfield, i the county of Chester, to the turnpike road at Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for making and keeping in repair certain branches of road, to communicate with the said Macclesfield road.

Cap. 92. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, one made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads therein mentioned in the counties of Southampton and Dorset, and the other made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, to amend the said former ao* and for amending and widening the road between ring wood Gate in the county Southampton to Woolib ridge, and from thence to the great western road between a place called thick thorn and Caftunore Inn, so far as the said two acts relate to the fifth division of road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned ad.

Cap. 93. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several road? from tet burj, and other places in the county of so far as the

same relates to. the road from Tetbury to the gates on the west of Sy mends Hath Down, and freer jhe house at the top of; Froeefler

Hill, where the turnpike gate lately stood, tq the turnpike road from Cirenqflertowards Bath, undhrpm the field called Bouldown

Sleight to the end of a lane adjoining to the road to

tetbury* ntzt Tittups Inn: and for, amending and keeping in repair the road from the said turnpike road near Howells Down, across Owlpen Down, to a lane leading to; and

from another part of the said turnpike road pua, latterwood tur#vs

pike.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

pike, acrose Owtptn Down aferesaid; all in the said county of

Glmefier.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, mad in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled.

An act for ripairing and widtning several roads loading front the town,

«/ Louth, in the scanty of Lincoln.

Cap. 95. For making and maintaining a road from Sage, in the town of Melton Mowbray, in the county of, to

the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, intitnled, An ati for repairing and widening the road from tie town of Guldeford, to The Directing Post the town of Famham, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 97. For continuing the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads frommoli to Denbigh, and from thence to Tal y Cafn and Conway; and from Wrexham to Ruthin, Denbigh, and Rhyddlan, in t counties ^/denbigh, Flint, . Carnarvon, as relates to the road from Wrexham to Cap. 98. For amending the road from the west end of Street, to the Horse and Jockey, in the parish of Bor, in the county of Wilts, and certain other roads leading out of the said road; and for making an additional road from the said road, in the chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes turnpike road, at or near Semerbam Brook, in the same chapelry; all in the said county.., - *

Cap. 99. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the thirty second year of King GW^/ the Second, for repairing ati widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parish r/'sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, ahdsunning hill, to Virginia Water, in the

feridt of£gham, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 100. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty Kin Gtsrge the Second, intituled, An act for amending. Widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from Epsom, to Tooting,

and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames fritton, in the county of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at Ewell, serns Ewell common fields, to the Ryigatc turnpike read, on Btnagb Heath, in the foid county.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN aft Tor dividing apd enclosing the open fields, raea < f dows, common paftuf.es, and waste grounds, in the kwattiips of Scarrington and ajlation, in the county of Notting

iak..

2. An

raf.tabledf the STATUTES.'

V a. a51 An act*3 foe dividing ahd mejofmg the open and common folds, common meadows, common pastures, and other com sbonablelands, in Stnotjby, in the county of 'Leicester.

. An act to enable Mary Rucki foinfter, notwithstanding her

minority, to convey, a<ggn, .and settle her real and perional estate on her intended marriage with Keen esquire

anaafot dividing and inclosing the open common fields, como3on dpvtos, commoa meadows, common pastures, waft lands, and commonable, places, within the parish of mbottr, 'nnd> Abbess, in the county, of Southampton.

: 5., An a to enable ricbardrbourneesquire, his soil and othet foiitv aodtheir issue male, and his and theif respective children, to .aflwme and use the name, and bear the arms of, pur tuant to the will of Arthur Charlett esquire, deceased.

Y 6. An for naturalising John Salomon Balthafer y. 7. An act for enclosing she open and common folds, meadow, commonable lands, .and commons, within the parish and liberties of Bar bant, in the county of Huntingdon.

/ 8.; ajva<ft sot dividing and enclosing die several commons and .tvafte gcounda within the manor and parish of Stave lay, in the 'county dibetby.

9.An act for dividing, - allotting, and enclosing, the lands arid grounds called Whole Year Lands, Half, Open Field

Lands, .Brecht, Commonty and Waffles, within the parish of Hear

fbam, n thcgoilpty oi.nerfoik.

10.; ana<9t for dividij>g<: allotting, and enclosing, the lands and grounds called whole Year Lands, Half Year

Field Lands, Shack Mieadowt, and'ttfo certain Commons,

and Wafts, within the parish of Tottenbill with West, ha the county, of Norfolk.

, " 11-. An ak for dividing and enclosing certain open folds, lands jwd grpuncta, in the parish of Leghorn, in the county of Lincoln.

12. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open folds, rdrable lands, meadows, and wafie grounds, within he manors of Klgbley, Tfmaiies, and Newjholme, in the parish of 'jugbley, and county of York. \

- i j. Ao aa for dividing add inclosing the several commons And Waftfcgrounds within the manor of Matlock, in the county

14, An mafor dividing and allotting the open common fields, jceqasoo dhwnt, common meadows, common pastures, waste lands, and commonable places, in the parish of Charlton, in the county of Wilts.

— act An act for dividing and inalofing all and every the commons, moors, and waste grounds, within the township of Heaton, in the parish of Bradford, in the west riding of the county of York.

r 6. Aitadl for ffisidtng, allotting, and exchanging, the lands in the common folds and common pastures, and other lands, idfhhnrithe manor and drifts of Sabertm, In the county df gumerer: '

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

17. An act for naturalising Outand ji04

vid Duval. 1

18. An act for nxmrnsaxihgbkrthoiomeur Huber..

19. An act to effect an exchange between sir James Pauly

baronet, and others, trufiees of an almlhouse, or nooie of chaa rity, at Petworth, in the county of Suffiui and Obrien earl

of Egrttiont, of certain lands, and tenement belonging to thh laid charity, for other lands and tenement belonging to the said earl of Egremant. ................................

Cap. 20. An act for establishing and confirming an agreement made between the lord bilhap of.noruuub feuauai

esquire, for the .exchange of certain chases ia the aounty of Nirfill. \

21. An act for vesting ablolntely one third pent of three erode of lands, and the eredions and building theroon^with the a pa portenances, in the parish of Layton, otherwise Lew, in the covnty of Effix, (deviled by the will of John Smith dec cussed)

for the benefit of the poor of the pari (bet of Saint Swithin afld Saint Peer in Eajlgate, in the city of trustees, to be sold to Samuel Bofanquetesquire, and for. laying out the money

thereby arising in the purchase of other estates, to be settled and affixed for the benefit of the poor aforesaid, pursuant to the di rt&ons of the said will.

22. An act for vesting part of the freehold estates, late of Nans esquire, deceased, in trustees, for raising money to discharge the legacies given by his will, and the codicils thereto, remaining unsatisfied; and for other porpofct. :

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other contu monabie grounds, within the manor and parish of Btmrsferdi in the county, of Leuejler.

24. An act for dividing, and indofuig the, open aod oommoff fields, common pallures, common meadows, and other com datable lands, 'within the parish and liberties: of

in the county of Northampton.

25. An act for dividing and mdofin£ the open and' common fields, conupon .pallures, coahtnon meadonv end where Cotnq monabie lands, within the anandr, parish, and libertkoof grtn da, in the county of Northampton... : , ...

26. An act for ditmdine.andoinelo6ng.the foueralbpen fields

Commons, carts, and warn grounds, within the losdfhip or ma Bor of Thornton, in the odrth ting of the county, of Tied.' *

27. An act for dividing and enclosing the open, and common

fields, common paflaret, common meadows, sod other oom saonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and pariflt of Tiffitld, in live county o Northampton. -; >

28. An act foreatinguilhing all rights of tbeepveanc, oontd aon, and ihsekage, in and oter the common, fields, and ktm par lands, 'lying within the parishes of samsouftand kelling^wk the county of Norfolk, and for dividing and allotting etfrmm warans, heaths, commons, waste lands, and commotmud

grounds.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds, within the said pariihes; and for other purposet therein mentioned.

29. An act for dividing and enclosing several open and com sion fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, in the pariihes of Northill and Sandy, in the county of Bedford.

30. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common called Nortbwood or Nortbwood Common, in the town ship of Note, in the parish of Pembridge, and county of Hereford.

31. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common and waste.lands, within the manor of Teirtriff, and also a certain parcel of open common and waste lands called gwern y mynydd, jwithin the manor of Hopton, in the county of montgomery;

; An act fordividing and enclosing the open common fields, within the! parish of Jckenham, in the county of Middlesex.

23. Aa act to enable James Bigot esquire, an infant (lately Cued James Goodin), and the. heirs male of his body, and all other person? who: ihah become entitled to the estates late of Peter Bigot xfiquire, deceased, under the limitations contained in his will to take and use the surname of Bigot, pursuant to his laid will

* 34. An aftihr naturalising Anthony Henry Haldimand.

35. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the com. anions, operi fields, and common pastures, in the liberty of sin den, in the parish of Mickleover, and county of Derby.

, Cap. 36. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, the open and.cbmmon fields, and open downs, within the pariihes of Warmhefler and Corfleyf in the county of Wilts; and for dividing, allptting, and enclosing, the common meadows, common pastures, and waste lands, within the said pariihes.

37. An act for dividing and enclosing several commons and Waste lands, in the parish of Oldfmnford, in the county of Worker

38. An act for dividing and enclosing several opea common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons and waste grounds, within the manor and hamlet of Hiltony in the parish of Marston upon Dove, in^the county of Derby.

39. An act for naturalising Lewis Locbee.

40. An act for vesting the fee simple of part of the estates, settled by the will of the most noble Robert late duke of Ancajler and kejlevthy deceased, in trustees, to be sold, for paying off debts and encumbrances affecting the said estates; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

41. An act to enable John Ord esquire, and John Tyton esquire, trustees named in the settlement made previous to the marriage of the honourable Thomas Onflow with Arabella his now wife, to soil the rents, services, duties, rdiefs, herriots, and other dues and payments, payable, or to be performed or rendered, by the tenants of the several manors or lordships comprised in the said fottlement, and to enfranchise the copyhold tenements held of filch manors or lordlhips, and for laying out the money which shall

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fllall arise by such sale and enfranchisement in the purchase of other lands to be settled to the uses to which the said manors or lordlhips do now (land settled.

42. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed to be made between the right honourable Horatio lord Walpole and Thomas William Coat esquire, of diverse lands, in the county of Norfolk, comprised in the marriage settlement of the said Horatio lord Walpole, and devised by the will of Thomas earl of leicejur, deceased; and for settling the lands given in exchange to each party to such and the same uses as the lands for which the same are exchanged flood settled and limited.

43. An act for vesting certain messuages in the city of London, part of the estates late of Charles lord viscount Irvin, deceased, m trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

44. An act for vesting the real estates, late of Roger Geer of Bishop Burton, in the county of York esquire, deceased, in trustees, to raise money, by sale or mortgage thereof, for discharg ing encumbrances thereon, and the debts and legacies of the said Roger Gee and for other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act for vesting part of the real estates of Thomas More Molineux esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, for payment of such of his debts and legacies as now remain unsatisfied.

46. An act for incorporating the trustees of the charities efta blilhed by the settlements and will of Henry Raine esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the freehold and leasehold estates, moneys, and funds, granted, adigned, settled, and given, for and towards the support and maintenance of the said charities, to them and their successors, in perpetuity, for the charitable uses and purposes in the said settlements and will expressed, and for the better regulation and management of the said charities.

47. An act for vesting part of the freehold estates of Thomas Copley esquire, in trustees, for a term of one thousand years, in trull, to raise, by way of mortgage thereof, a sum of money, for the purposes therein mentioned.

48. An act for dividing and enclosing certain heath lands. Called The South Heath and The North Heath, in the parish of Welbourn turn Sapperton> in the county of Lincoln.

49. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the parish and liberties of Shenningtony in the county of Gloucester.

50. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common. fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parishes of Stratton Audley in the county of Oxford, and Caversfield in the county of Bucks.

'51. An act to enable John Ingilby esquire, (lately called John Wright) to take, use, and bear, the surname and arms of Ingilby, pursuant to the will of sir John Ingilby baronet, deceased.

52. An act to enable Richard Gee the younger, esquire, and V ol. XXXIII b his

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

his issue male, to take and use the furnajne, and bear the arms, of carewy pursuant to the will of sir Nfctylas Hackett Careyjy baronet, deceased.

53. An act for rendering effectual an act made in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for dividing and enclosing the commons or wade lands within the manor of Whittington, in the county'of Salop,

54. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, half ear lands, fen lands, lammas meadows, heaths, commons, and wade lands, within the parish of Foulden> in the county of Norfolk.

55. An act for dividing the park of Pontefratjy in the county of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and wade grounds, within the town(hip of moj.\ otherwise Mofehy, in the parish of Campfatl, and alio the open arable fields, meadows, padures, commons, and wade grounds, within the parish of Kirk Bramwith, in the wed riding of the county of York.

57. An act for veding in trudees the capital message, with the appurtenances, at Croydon, in the county of Surrey, known by the name of the palace of the archbishop of Canterbury, and two closes near thereto adjoining, in trud, to sell the same, and for disposing of, and applying the money to arise thereby, and received on account of the dilapidatibns thereof, and other money, in the manner, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for veding certain manors and hereditaments, situate in the county of Lincoln (which, by the will of Thomas Hum' berjlcn esquire, deceased, were devised to Thomas Frederick Mackenzie Humberfion esquire, for his life, with several remainders over in drift settlement) in trudees, for the purpose of selling the same, and laying out the moneys to arise from such sale in the purchase of certain other hereditaments, part of the estates of the right honourable Kenneth Mackenzie, earl of Seaforth in the king r dom of lrelandy to be settled to the uses to which the estates intended to be sold now dand limited.

59. An act for dividing apd enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Thrapfton, it) the county of Northampton.

60. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common padures, common meadow?, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parish of brix worthy otherwise Bricklefworth, in the county of Northampton.

61. An act for dividing and enclosing certain moors, commons or wade grounds, in the manor or township of Grewelthorp, in the wed riding of the county of York.

62. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wade grounds, in

tie Catworthy in the county of Huntingdon.

The End of the TABLE.

THE

S T A TUT E S at Large, V

Anno regni GE O R g11 III Magma Britannia, Francice, W Hibernia,

. vicesimo*

T the parliament begun and at Westminster,

the twenty-ninth day of November,

Anno Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our Jovereign lord GEORGE the by the grace

of God) of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King defender of .the faith, C And from thence, continued by federal prorogations, to the twenty-fifth day of November, '1779; being the sixth session of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. 1.

An act for holding the ensuing eh51 ion of a knight of the ftiire for the bounty a southampton, at the towntf/'new Alresford, in the said county.

whereas&vtftf a fly made in the eighth year of the reign Preamble 5 of his late majesty King Georg the Second, (entitled, An an

2& for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of a«%8geo. the election of members to serve in parliament, ) it. is enafledy That when and as often as any election of any member or member $ to serve in parliament Shall be appointed to be made, the feretory at wary or the person who [holl officiate in the place of the secretary at war jhady at some convenient time before the day appointed for such elec tiony issue and send forth proper orders for the removal of all soldiers y who ball be quartered or billeted in any city borough, town, or place, where such election Shall be appointed to be made, out of every such citjy boroughy towny or place, one day at leaf before the day appointed.. Voi. XXXIII B for

and 7 8c t

Gul.

The ensuing tle&ion for Ham p(hire to be held at New alres ford, instead X of Winchester.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 2, 3. [1780.

for filch eliflion, to the difiance of two or more miles from fuel city borough, town, or place, and not to make dny nearer approach thereto, until one day at the leafi after the poll to be taktn at such electionjhall be ended, and the poll boors closed, under certain penalties and disabilities in the said act mentioned: and whereas by an act, made in the seventh and eighth years of King William the Third, for the further regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and for though preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs, and other officers, in electing and returning such members, it is enacted That upon every election of any knight of the hire, the jberiff/hall hold hi: county court at the mofi public and ufiual place of election, and where the same has been usually held for forty years: and whereas an election is soon to be held for a knight of the hire for the county of Southampton, and, if not otherwise provided for, will be held at the city, of Winchester, (being the usual place for holding elect ionsfor the faidxounty, ) at which place many French and Spanish prisoners are noyv confined for the safe keeping of which a number of troops or fotdiers are absolutely necessary, and cannot be removed from thence without manifefi danger as well to the inhabitants of the said city, and all persons resorting thereto, as to the public in general: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by though authority of the same. That the said election Shall be begunandv held at die town of New Alresford, in the said county of Southampton; and that the county court for the said county at whiclj. the said election fliajl be made (whether the same county court be held by adjournment, or otherwise) shall be held at though said town o New Alresford, and not at Winchester aforesaid; apd the adjournment of the said county court, if any such has been made, and is now depending, to the said City of Winchester, or any other place, shall be deemed and taken to be legally made to the said town of New Alresford; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstandipg; and the sheriff of the said county, or his deputy, are hereby authorised and required to adjourn the poll, from the said town of New Alresford, to Newport in the Ifie of Wight, in the manner directed in and by an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and sir the preventing' irregular proceedings of sheriffs, and other officers, in the electing and returning such members, ) in relation to adjourning the poll from the said city of Winchester.

CAP. II

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a lard tax, to be raised if Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty. At four /hittmgt in the pound.

C a p. nr.

An act for continuing and grating to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, evder, and peffyi foe the service of the year one thousand iffia hundred and eighty.

CAP.

1780.] A'nrfo vicesimo Georgii III C 5.

I

CAP. IV

An act for continuing an act made in the last session of parliament, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown Cik in any ships or vessels, for a limited time.

WHEREAS an act, made in the last session of parliament, preamble.

(entitled, An act for allowing the importation of fine rec*ital p drganzined Italian thrown silk in any ships or vessels, for a lia of last mited time, ) which is to continue in force until the expiration of session. twenty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament; has been found beneficial to the trade and manufactures of this kingdom; may it therefore please yottr Majesty that it may be tnacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and With the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembledj and by the authbrity of the same, That the said act shall continue in force The said act until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven huti further coo dred and eighiy onc.

CAP. V

An act for further continuing an act, made in the seventeenth yettr of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ^act to empower his Maje*'

to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, th crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy.

WHEREAS an act was made in the seventeenth year of the Preamble.

reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to empower Recital of an his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or fuf i7gca; pddedof, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor thecrinr.e of piracy; ) which was to continue and be in force until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred andseven, ty eight, and no longer: and whereas the said a51 vas by two alls made in the eighteenth and nineteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, continued until the first day of January, one thousand fiven hundred and eighty, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the aid first mentioned dft Should be continued for a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and corrimon&, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said first mentioned ad, and all The said act and' every the clauses, provisoes, powers, and qualifications nu^d therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further con jan ii7sl tinued until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred J and eighty one, and no longer.

Preamble.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 6, 7.' [1780.

CAP. VI

An act to repeal certain acts made in Great Britain, which rejlrain f the trade and commerce Ireland with foreign parts.

WHEREAS, in order to promote and advance the welfare and prosperity of his Majesty s kingdom of Ireland, it is expedient that certain acts of parliament, formerly made in Great Britain, which lay restraints upon the trade and commerce of Ireland, reffecting the articles herein afier mentioned\should be repealed; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be ena fled \ and be it enaftea by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho a, a That, from and after the passing of this act, so

anybritishaas much Of ar^ft of parliament, made in the tenth and eleventh as prohibit or years of the reign of King william the Third, (entitled, An restrain the at to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms Ireland

exportation of and England into foreign parts; and for the encouragement of the "-- woollen manufaflures in the kingdom England)) so much of

any other act or acts of parliament made in Great Britain, which prohibit, or in any manner restrain the exportation of cloth, serge, bays, kerfeys, says, frizes, druggets, cloth serges, shall joons, or any other drapery stuffs or woollen manufaflures whatsoever, made up or mixed with wool or wool flocks, from the kingdom of Ireland into foreign parts, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void.

II And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tl^t, from and after the passing of this act, so much of an aff, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Secortdr (entitled, An act for granting to hts Majesty several rates and duties upon glass, and upon spirituous // quors', and for raising a certain Jum of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the [aid rates and duties; and for obviating fonte doubts about making out orders at the exchequer for the moneys advanced upon the credit of the J'alt duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an act of the last session of parliament; ) as relates to the exportation of glass, glass bottles, or glass of any kind or denomination whatsoever, from or out of the kingdom of ire land, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP. VII

An act to amend an act, made in the eighteenth pear of the reign of present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine conveyance of sugar and Paneles from the British colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an aflx made in the eighteenth year of the

as Geo. 3, VV reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain

C 58, re and amend so much of an act, made in the fourth year of the C ted *

So much of

woollen manufaflures from Ireland to foreign parts, repealed.

So much of 19 Geo. acis, as relates to thecxfrrta tjofcqj glass from Ireland, repealedy*

1780.] Anno vicesimo gebrgii III C ( g

reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the. 1

clandestine conveyance of sugar and paneles from the British colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain; it was among other things enabled, *That from and after the first day of March, one tkoufand seven hundred and seventy nine, if any sugar or paneles Shall he imported into Great Britain, from any British cchny or plantation in America, without, or which shall not be included in the certificate required in and by the said a ft of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty > that then? and in either such case, all such sugar and paneles Shall be deemed ana taken to be foreign Jugar and paneles, and Shall be liable to (he same duties, refiriftionst regulations, penalties, and fors itures, in all rejpeftsy as sugar and faneies of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of Any French colony or plantation, would be respectively liable to by law; anything in'the said recited act, or any law, ufagey or custom, to the contrary in anywise not with ft ending: and whereas great inconveniences have arijen, and may arise, from the taking away by the said act of them eighteenth year of his present Majesty, the diferetionary power whish was formerly vejled in the commissioners of his Majesty's customs by the said act oj the fourth of his present Majesty % to dispense with the said certificate; for remedy whereof may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's moil excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and Sugar or pa after the passing of this act, if any sugar or paneles shall be im U. ?/r^p1 ported into Great Britain, from any British colony or plantation ^camaybe" in America, without, or which shall not be included in the cer entered on tiheate required by the said act of the fourth of his present Ma payment of jesty, and it shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the com British plant, miuionei s of his majesty's customs at London or Edingburgh ^ou^the respectively, that the goods are really and truly the produce of certificate re any British plantation or colony in America, and that no fraud quired by an was intended, it shall and may in such case be lawful for the ac Gco* 3* said respective commissioners to permit the said goods to be entered, upon payment of the British plantation duties, anything in the said act, of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II And whereas several parcels of sugar have been imported into howcommif this kingdom^from several of the British colonies or plantations /vfioneraof the America, yfar* the said sir ft day of March, one tkoufand seven aareutiv^tct hundred and seventy nine, without or which are not included in the ^ugarimport certificate required by the said act of the fourth of his present Maje e4 from Arae jfyi part of which Jugar now remains secured in wareboufes under rica since his Majesty'$ locks, and other part thereof hath been delivered upon Marctl *»1779* the merchants depositing the French duties in the hands of the proper officer of his Majesty's customs till such certificate could be produced and other part which hath been lately so imported is not yet entered: and whereas, from the present state of public affairs in the West Indies, it is now impracticable to produce the certificates for Jiich fngar^fot want of which, unless relief is granted by parliament, the

$ vicesimo gfioroii III C 8. £ 1780,

said sugar is liable to the same duties, restrictions, regulations, penal ties, and forfeitures, sugar of the growth, produce, manufacture

(tf any French colony or plantation, notwithstanding the same is really the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America; For remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be Jawful for the respective commissioners of his majesty's customs, or any three or more of them to permit the said sugar so secured in warchonfes or not entered, to be entered and delivered, upon payment of the British plantation duties for the quantity landed, and the difference of tjte duties so deposited to be returned, upon the proof herein before required and directed; anything in the said act, of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, to the contrary not with (landing.

CAP. VIII

An act to indemnify such officers of the militia as have not tranjmitted'to the clerks of the peace descriptions of their qualifications and certificates of their having taken the oaths as required; and for allowing farther time for the delivery of dejeriptions of qualifications by such officers of the militia; and for obliging the captain lieutenant to deliver in a description of his qualification.

Preamble. '▼ttffereas by an act, puffed in the last session of parlia 7xecoftbe last VV meat (intituledy An act to explain, amend, and render session; more effectual, the several laws now in being relative to the

militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provi (ions relative to the fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandy) every officer then holding or then after accepting a commission as colonely lieutenant colonely major, or captainy is required, before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy niney or within six months after such acccptancey to deliver in his or their several w respective qualification or qualifications agreeable to the directions of an act made in the eighteenth and 18 Geo. 3, year of his Majesty's reign, (intituledy An act to amend and rene 59* der more effectual the laws relating to the raifiog and training

the militia within that part of Great Britain called England and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned 5) and also to trenfmit to the clerk of) the. peace of the county in the militia whereoj such officer shall fervey a true description of his qualification, and also a certificate of his having taken the oaths required: and whercasy by reajon of such officers being upon dutyy and at a distance from their respective counties, many of them have omitted to deliver in their respective qualificationsy and to, transmit such description and certificate as aforesaid, whereby they are or may be liable to the penalties imposed by the said acts for such neglect or omission: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent nujesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri (ual ancj temporal, and commpns, in this present parliament

o assembled.

1786.^] Anno vicesimo Georg! III C 9. 7

affiftttbled, and by (he authority of the same. That in case any Militia offi such colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, or officer of ^avc

militia, shall have negleced or omitted to deliver in his or their deliver in their several respechve qualification or qualifications, or to transmit to qualifications, the clerk of the peace of the county, in the militia whereof such care inofficer shall serve, a true description of his qualification for hold ing such respective commission, and also a certificate of his theira V having taken the oaths required, such officer or officers, notwithstanding such omission or neglect, shall be, and are hereby indemnified from the'penalties imposed by the said recited acts for such omission or neglect 5 and all acts done by them, in virtue of their respective commissions as officers in the militia, are hereby directed to be valid and of full efsect; anything in the said recited acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted, That every officer now hold officers to de ing or hereafter accepting a commission as colonel, lieutenant liver in their colonel, major, captain, or captain lieutenant, excepting only qualificationt such*lieutenants as have acted as such before the first^ day of July oite thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, in **17 the militia, not having already transmitted to the clerk of the peace of the county, in the militia whereof such officer shall serve, a true description of his qualification for holding such commission, according to the directions of an a of the last session of parliament, shall, on or before the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or within six months after having accepted Any such commission in future, transmit to the clerk of the peace of the county, in the militia whereof such officer shall serve, a true description of his qualification for holding such commission as aforesaid; and in case any such officer shall negletft or omit to transmit such description of his qualification, every such officer so omitting or neglecting Shall be liable to the penalties imposed by the said aq.s for such neg k£k or omission.

CAP. IX

An act for extending the Provisions of two Qfls, made in theeigh itenth year of his present Majesty's reign, and in the last session of parliament, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods; and for repealing so much of the said la/l mentioned act as relates to the certificates for prize tea and east-india goods exported from this kingdom to Ireland; for the removal of east-india goods condemned as prize at any out port to London for sale, and of prize goods for exportation; and for reducing the duty on foreign prize tobacco.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by order in council dated the Preamble.

eighteenth day of' June, one thousand seven hundred and fe tunty nine, was pleafea to order that general reprizals be granted Offtinft the ships, goods, and subjects, of the king of Spain; and that) of weh ku his Mojeflfs fleets and ships, as also all other ships

£ 4 and

8 Anno vicesimp Georgii III C [1780,

end vessels that ball be commissmed by Utters of mark or general reprizals, or other wise, by the commissioners for executing the office cj lord high admiral qj Great Britain, Shall and may lawfully Jeize all ftps, vcjfelatfd goods, belonging to the ling of Spain, or his fubjccls, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the king of Spain, and bring thejame to judgement in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty within his Majestyy dominions: and whereas it is expedietit that the fveral provijtons of two atts of parliament, the one made in the eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign, (entitled, *8 Geo. 3. C An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to, 5*. the bringing and landing certain prize.goods in this kingdpm; )

19 Geo. 3. C and the other made in the la ft jujfton of parliament, (entitled. An

5- att for granting relief to the captors 0/ prizes, with respect to

bringing and landing certain French prizes (in this kingdom, ) should be extended in file manner to all prize goods which have been,

. or maybe taken from the Spaniards in pursuance of his Majesty's

said order in council, subject nevertheless to such alterations <wd r€ gulatious as arc herein ater prefer ibed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present The above parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. Thy

incited atts the said recited atts, made in the eighteenth year of his Mar

exterdcdtoal! jessy's reign, and in the last session of parliament, and all the takend'nce^ artic'es> clauses, and provisions therein, (except where any aitcr junen, gt, 779> ation is made by this att, ) shall extend, and be construed to or which may extend, to all prize goods and ships or vessels which have been be taken du taken From the Spaniards since the eighteenth day of June, one

fenthottilidts t^ou^anc^ ^escn hundred and seventy nine, or which hereafter quay be taken during the continuance of the pretvnt hostilities with Spain, by any of his majeiiy's ships or vessels of war, or by any private or other snip or vessel having commissicn or other authority from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, for that purpose.

Clauserelative If And it is hereby further enatted by the authority afore to the pay said, That where any foreign ship or ve/tel hath been or shall ment of duties, hereafter be taken, during the present hostilities, 'and coh for p izes con ^emrted as pr|ze jn any of his majesty's dominions out of this Majcify's do s kingdom, the duty due and payable by law for such ship or minions be vessel shall be paid, upon her first arrival at any port in this yond sea. kingdom, to file collettor of his majesty's customs at such port, by the master, owner, or conflgnee, of such ship or vessel, whether the same shall hive been sold by the captors after condemnation, or otherwise; and that no foreignbuilt ship or vessel so condemned shall enjoy or be entitled to the privilege of a british built ship or vessel, until such duty is paid for tftefame: and it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of tis majesty's customs to stop and detain such ship or vessel at any, port in Great Britain, until the said duty is paid as aforesaid; in case payment thereof Hull not be made, for the space oj " u ' ' tbreq

jy8o.] Anno vicesmo Georgii III C 9.

three calendar months after the arrival of such ship or vessel at any port in this kingdom, it flail and may be lawful for the comtniffioners of his majesty's customs, or any three or more of them, to cause such ship or vessel, and her materials, apparel and furniture, to be sold publicly to the best bidder, and the pfoduce thereof to be applied, first to the charges that shall arise by such detention and late, next to the customs and duties, and the overplus to be paid' to the proprietor of such ship or vessel or other person duly authortfed by such proprietor to receive the same.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority part of aforesaid. That so much of the herein before recited act, made recited act of in the last session of parliament, as enadls, That if any tea, or, aft session re other east-india goods, which are or may be liable to any du pcacd

ties ad valorem, which shall be taken and condemned as prize,

shall be exported from this kingdom to Ireland, thfe certificates, cocquets, and other documents, shall express the price or value at which such goods were sold by the captors or their agents upon condemnation, and that such cocquets and other documents shall have the same force and efsect, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, upon the importation of such goods into Inland as if the said goods had been imported by and sold at the Wes of the united company of merchants of England trading to the ea/l Indies, shall, from and after the passing of this act be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

IV And whereas goods of the growth, produi7, or manufaflure east-india of the East Indies taken as prize, have been, and may, during the goods con present boftilities with France or Spain, be carried into some of the demn^ a cot ports of this kingdom and condemned; and from the inexperience Sun port shall the officers of the customs at futh ports, difficulties have artfen in comb brought to puting and charging the duties thereon: for remedy whereof, be it London tor further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cases raie

where such goods shall be carried into any out port in this kingdom, and condemned as prize, bond, with sufficient security, shall be given to his Majesty, in treble the value of such goods, that the same shall be brought to London, and delivered to his majesty's warehouse keeper at the customhouse for the port of London, to be deposited by him in warehouses provided at the expense of the captors or their agents, and approved of by the commissioners of the customs, or any four or more of them; and with further condition to produce a certificate from such warehouse keeeper, within three months from the date of such bond, that the goods have been delivered accordingly; which security the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, at the port from whence such goods are to be removed, are hereby authorised and empowered to take, and to cancel and discharge such bond upon receiving the cer tifiate from the warehouse keeper, as herein before diretfed 5 and if such goods shall be sent by land carriage, they shall be removed under the seals of office of such collator and comptroller, or principal officer of the customs, and shall be accompanied

jo Anno vicesimo gedroit IL G. 9. [1780;

panied with a Transire expressing the number and marks of the packages; and all such goods so removed, either by land or water, shall afterwards be publicly exposed to sale in the city of London, by the captors or their agents, they giving notice of such sale to the proper officers of the customs and excise ap how the da pointed or to be appointed for that purpose; and the duties ties thereon due and payable for such goods shall be thereupon computeci shall be com and charged by the proper officers of the customs or excise rev spectively concerned therein, by the same rules, regulations, and reftridioris, in all respects (excepting any allowance for warehouse rent) as the duties payable upon the like godds imported*by, and sold at the Tales of, the united company of merchants

or England trading to the East Indies, are computed and charged; and the duties due by law thereon shall be accordingly paid and applied; any custom or usage to the contrary not wiihstanding.

Prize goods V And whereas, by the herein before recited act, made in the lodged in eighteenth year of his Majesty s feign, it is, amongst other things, warehoofes enabled. That any prize goods received into any wartkoufes in this moved to any kingdom, in pursuance of that act, may be exported directly from customhouse thence without paying any further duty than is by the said all diraft warehouse in id, upon the security therein mentioned: and whereas, in fomt cases. Great Britain lt js imprcfluable for the captors or their agents to procure ships to or exportati export such g0q(}5 foreftly Jrom fa ports where they are so wars housed, and the keeping such goods therein for a considerable time, in order to procure such vessels, is attended with great expense and loss to the captors; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his majesty's customs, or any three or more of them, in any case where they shall think proper, to order such goods, so secured in any warehouse in this kingdom, to be removed and sent from thence for exportation to any customhouse warehouse, at any other port or place in Great Britain, by and under the seal of office of the collector and comptroller ot the customs at tyre port from whence the goods are intended to be so removed, at the expense of the captors or their agents, or other person or persons who may have purchased the same j and in such case, the security directed by the hereinbefore recited act, shall be taken by the customer or oowedor of the port to which such goods are removed, before they are delivered for exportation, instead of the customer or collector of the port where they were first warehoused as aforesaid $ thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanditig. Foreign prize V I. And whereas the duties payable by law upon prize tobacco, tobacco to of fa groipth, product, or manufacture, of any foreign colony or §uties asto*e so high as to render it impracticable for the copters baccothepro or their agents to dispose of the same, after condemnation, in Ms duce of British kingdom to any advantage \ for rtmedy thereof, be it further enact america. CD by the authority aforesaid, That all tobacco, not being the growth, product, or manufacture, of any British American colony or plantation, or any place or country under the dominion of

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III q. 9/**

of his Majesty, which hath been taken and condemned as

prize, and which is now. jrpm^ioiog in any warehouse in this

kingdom under the, king's locks, or on board any ship or vessel

unentered at the customhouse, or which mall hereafter,

during the present hostilities with France or Spain, be taken

and condemned as prize in tlii$ kingdom, pr in any of hrs Ma

jesty's dominions abroad, shall be liable to pay the same duties

as tobacco of the growth, prodult, or manufalture, of the

British colonies or plantations in America; are or may bedrabie

to by law, and to no other; and upon exportation of fu$h what part of

tobacco into foreign parts, the whole of stich duties so paid or the duties (hail

secured shall be repaid and dravyn back, or the feeprity vacated, bedra^pback

excepting the half of the old subsidy, granted by an all passed exportati

in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,

and the whole of the further subsidy of poundage, granted by

an ait passed in the twenty first year of the reign of hi? late

aajesty King George the Second, being what is commonly

called the subsidy one thousand seven hundred and forty seven >

such tobacco shall e taken by any of his Majesty's ships or

veflpls of war; and the half of the old subsidy only, if taken

by any private or other ship having commission as aforesaidj

and such tobacco shall, in all other refpelts, be subje# and

liable to the same Securities, rules, regulations, and reftriefions,

as tobacco of the growth, prodult, or manufacture, of the

British colonies or plantations in America, are or may be liable

o by law; any alt or acts of parliament, custom, or usage, to

the contrary notwithstanding,

Vli. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted Direltions rc by the authority aforesaid. That in case any such foreign to lative to tobacco shall be taken as prize, and carried into any foreign port ^bacco^on or place, and condemned in any of his majesty's dominions derailed in any out of this kingdom, and such tobacco shall be afterwards of his majef imported into Great Britain, the importer or proprietor of such ty'sdominions tobacco shall produce, to the colleltor and comptroller of the cuftorps at the port of importation, a certificate under the wards import bands and feais of office of the colleltor and comptroller of the ed into Great customs, and naval officer, or any two of them, at the port or Britain, place where such tobacco shall be condemned; and if there shall be no coileltpr or comptroller, or naval officer, at such port or place, then under the hand and seal of the governor or cosravander in. chies, or the British consul residing there, certifying that such tobacco hath been taken and condemned as prize; which certificate shall exprefe. the quantity, number, up&atks, of the package of such tobacco, . and by what ship the tape wps: taken, and when and where the same was con {tapnedi op failure whereof, such tobacco shall see fiibjeh to thelame dufies and reftriluons aa it would have been liable to if litis alb had not been made.

> iz

Preamble.

Pecital of an act II Car. »,

21 Sr a 3 Car.

and 15 Car. a,

4 Geo. j, C *5

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C io. [1780,

CAP. X

An act to allow tie trade between Ireland and the Brittfh colonies and plantations in America and the West Indies, and the British Jettlements on the coajl 0/* Africa, to be carried on in like manner. as it is nqw carried on between Great Britain and the said colonies and settlements.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act, for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, ) it isj amongst other things enacted, That, for every ship or vessel which Shall load any commodities, in that act particularly enumerated, at any English plantation in America, Asia, or Africa, being the growth, product, or manufacture thereof bond shall be given, with one furetyy to the value of one thousand pounds, if the slip be of less burden than one hundred tonsy and of the sum of two thousand pounds if the ship be of greater burthgn, that the same commodities shall be brought by such ship or vessel to some other English plantation, or to some port in England or Ireland, or principality of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed: and whereas, by another act of parliament, made in the twenty second and twenty-third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, and for regulating the plantation trade, ) it was amongst other things enacted, That the word Ireland should be left out of all such bonds: and whereas, by several subsequent acts of parliament, made in this kingdom which are now in forcey the said enumerated commodities, and several other articles which are particularly enumerated in such subsequent acts, are to be carried to some other British plantation, or to some port in Great Britain only: and whereas by another act of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the second, (entitled, An act for the encouragement of trade, ) no commodity of the growth, production or manufacture of Europe, (excepting some particular articles which are enumerated in that act, and in other subsequent acts of parliament which are now in forced can be imported into any hnd, island, plantation, colony, territory, or placey belonging to or in the possession of his Majesty, in Asia, Africa, or America, but what shall be bona side, and without fraud, laden and fbipped in Great Britain, in ships navigated according to law and carried directly from thence, and from no other place or places whatsoever; and whereas by another act of parliament, made in the fourth year of his present ma jejlfs reign, (entitled, An act for ganting .certain duties in the british Colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's Jugar colonies in America; ) for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expenses of defending, protesting,

1780.] Anno viecfimp Georg 11iii. cid.

and securing, the said colonies and plantations; ., for, explaining an act made in the twenty jifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, .(entitled. An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafilap d trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade, ) and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade! between the same and Great Britain \) it is, amongst ojfrer\ things, emsted, 'Tba( any officer*of the customs may stop any British vessel arriving from any port of Europe, 'which ball be dist csvered within two leagues of she'shore of the British colonies in America, and taf e from thence and seize, as forfeited, fny* goods' (except salt, wines bsrfcs, viftuau, and linen cloth hi therein particularly mentioned) for which the m 'after jhau hot produce q cocquct or clearance from the collector or Proper officer of hij Majesty's, cu ftms, certifying that the said goods. Were laden on board (he said ship\ or vessel infome port of Great Britain: and whereas by' another astir

t y 1

...i. It

: i

ftoms, certifying that the said goods. Were or vessel in some port of Great Britain: « of parliament, made'in thefevcnlb year of. the reign offing c^eorge the First, (entitled. An al fqr the further .preventing his Ma ' jetty's subje<£ts from trading to the East indies under foreign cotnmissions; and for encouraging and further (ecureingthe lawful trade thereto: and for further regulating.the pilots of Dover, ^Deal, and the isle of Thanet, ) it is, amongst other thingsf enacted That no commodity of the growth, product, or manufacture of the[ East Indies, and other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, flail be imported or carried into any land, island, plantation, colony, territory, or place, to his Majesty or the crown of Great Britain belonging, or which should thereafter belong to his Majesty, his heirs ondfuuejfors, in Africa or America, but such only as ball be bona side, and without fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, in ships navigated according to law: and whereas it is expedient to allow the trade between Ireland and the British colonies in America and the West Indies, and the British settlements on the coajl of Africa, to be carried on in like manner, and with equal advantages to his Majesty's subjects in Ireland, as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said colonies and settlements; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That any goods, wares, or merchandise, of the growth, product, or manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America, or the West Indies, or of any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, and which by any act or acts Of parliament are required to be imported fron^ such coionics, plantations, or settlements, into Great Britain, and also any other goods which, having been in stny way legally imported into the said coionics, plantations, or settle meats, may now or hereafter be legally exported from thence for Great Britain, shall ard may be laden in, and exported frotii'"...*such

7 Geo. 1, C II

Any goods which may be legally imported from

rica, or the British ftt dements on the coast of Africa, into Great Britain, may in like manner be import

%4 Anno vic^lffwo (Seorgii IH. fc'. ir. f ij 8ol.

directly from such ccjonic^ pknrationsi, ot i^ttlfctnents, refpedlrveiy, and in the said settle ni^nner iinpbrted dwe^l/ffotii thence idto til'd* kjh^dottt of into Ireland i Tteland\ and' that any goods of coth modi ties of th growth And any produfliorf, or manufacture of Inland, of of the growth, pfo goods which duflion, or manufacture of Great Britain, legally exported frorn may be legally thence into Ireland, or of the growth, production, or ihanufac giwbritat ture ofany ot^er Part f Europe, and any goods or cofnmodi tobritishame* t, es f grdwth, product or manufacture, of the East Indies rica, or the or other places beyond that Cape of Good Hope, which are now said settle required by any act of parliament to be shipped or lkdfen in ments, may be Great Btithin, to be carried directly from thence tb any British rely from" colony ov plantation in Africa or America \ as also arty other Iceland to the goods, yfates, or merchandise, which now or hereafter may same places; be legally shipped or laden in Great Britain, to be carried directly from thence, and imported into any colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, or into any br///$tettlement on the coast tivafrica \ shall and may bt shipped ahef laden at any port or piach in the kingdom of Ireland, and exported directly from thence, and in like manner imported into any British colony or plantation in America or the ivefl' ihdiesy or ifito any British Oeftlement on the coast of Africa; anything in the said kerein befbre recited acts, or either of them, of any other act Or acts of' parliament made in Great Britain, or any usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to the conditions herein after expressed.

On condition II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the tarhament'^1 ^ut^or^y aforesaid, That the importation nd exportation al impofcl on the lowed by this act, shall commence from and as soon, and (halt goods to be so have continuance so long, and in such respective cases'only, as exported or the goods, or any of them, which are hefeby allowed to be tl^°&: tcde uai *mportc^ ^roon' le fai(* coionics, plantations, or settlements, to those to into Ireland, or to be exported from Ireland into the said colo which such hies, plantations, or fettlemenfs, shall be liable, by some act

goods are lia or acts of parliament to be made in the kingddm of Ireland, to

exleortedc, ns etua* duties and drawback's, ancf shall be made (ubject to the

from^or im ^ame Securities, regulations, and reftrifiions, in all other reported

into, fpects, as the like'goods now are, or hereafter may be, liable Great Britain, and subjecv to upon beirtg, imported from the said coionics, plantations, or settlements, into 'Great Britain, or exported from thertce tq such coionics, plantations, or settlements respectivelyj in the consideration of which equal duties and drawbacks, due attention may be given to, and allowance made for, ahy duty or imposition, oi any part of the same, which shall be retained in Great Britain, or not drawn back, or not compensated by bounty in Great Britain, upon the export of any such goods, wares, or. merchandise, from thence to Ireland, as also for any duty paid on importation of such gqdds, wares, or merchandise into Ireland, so as the said gpbds, wares, or merchandise respectively be not exported from Ireland with less incumbrante of duties or impositions than now do, or hereafter shall, remain upon this like goods when legally exported from Great Britain.

i; Sa] Anno vitefimo gsdagii III €. io.:

III. And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority afore partoft|i£re: said, That, during the continuance of thii aft, fe much of the btf£in before recited act, made in the twenty second and tweri rcpc\le^ r ty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, as fi V reds or requires the word Ireland to be left out of any bond ten for any Alitor veflftlthat shall lbad any enumerated commodities in any British plantation irv America, Afta± or Africa

shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made vend; anything in the said recited act, Or any other act or aft.fr of pali menr, to the contrary notwithftahdlng.

IV And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, aaofertlatite That so much of the act of the fourth year of his present Mato the recited jetty's reign as is herein before recited, shall not extend, or be Gf0* 3* construed to extend, to subject to seizure and forfeiture, any

goods, wares or merchandise, tthich by this act, or by any other act or acts of parliament, may now or hereafter, bp legally imported from Ireland into any of the British colortits or plantations in, America, or any British settlement on the coast of r'^Africa provided the matter or other person taking the charge of the ship or vessel carrying such goods, (halt produce a i tl^

cocquet or cocquets* clearance or cfearances, from the proper officer or officers of hii Majesty's customs, certifying that thd said goods were laden on bofrrd the faidf ship or veflei in some, port of Great Bfitain, or in same yoxt oilrefond, respectively.

V Provided also, and it 19 hereby further enacted by the Regulationste

authority aforesaid. That if it shall so happen that any hddiudnal beobserved oa duty shall be imposed, or. any alteration shall be made in the any alteration drawbacks, or. otherwise, upon any goods so as aforecaid Great Si

ported into, or exported from Great Britain, by any act of par tain when the ilament that may hereafter be made in this kingdom at any Irish parlia time when the parliament of Ireland'shall not be sitting; that ment shall not then and in such case the liberty of importation and exportation, b.c..

granted by this act, shall have continuance, and remain in full force, with respect to such goods, until the end of four calendar months after the meeting of the then next session of parliament in Ireland; but if the parliament of Ireland shall be sitting at the time that any such additional duty shall be imposed or. any such alteration shall be made in Great Britain, then, and in such case, the liberty of importation and exportation granted by this act shall have continuance, and remain in full force, upon such goods as aforesaid, until the end of four calendar months from the time that such. aclditiopal duty shall be laid, or such alteration made, in case the parliament of ire/and (hm so long continue to sit without prorogation or dissolution; and ia case it shall within that time be prorogued or diflojved, then the liberty of importation and exportation aforesaid shall havp continuance, and remain in full force, until the end of four car lendar months hext after the meeting of the then next session of parliament in Ireland.

VI Provided always, apd be it declared and enacted by the This act not authority aforesaid, That nothing hereinbefore contained*shall to restrain any

extend htxrty of **-

Anno vicesimo Georgii IIL e. u, — *14.' [1780j

pqrftq, orup exretid to, or be construed to extend to the impeding any cbti dition or restriction upon or in respect of any goods, wares, of afkca^rft 'merchandise which by an act passed in the eighteenth year of ed to Ae Irifti his present Maje fly's reign, intituled, An act to permit the expor by any former tqtion of certqifi goods directly from Ireland into any British planta tion in America, or any British settlement on the coaji of Africa j and for further encouraging the fijfheries and navigation of Ireland; or which by any other act or acts of parliament may now be legally exported from Ireland to any of the British colonies or plantations in America and the West Indies, or to the British \ pn thecoaft of africa*or which may now, beiegally t; 4; imported into Ireland from any of the coionics, plantations, or

^. fettleipents aforesaid; anything jierein before contained to the 1

contrary, notwithstanding.. '..

VII Provided alfp, and it js .hereby further enacted by the authorjty foresaid*this act shall not extend, or be con (^ped; to extend, to allow any person or persons to trade ro, fyom, or in apy colony or plantation in America during such time, ppdapiuch manner as the trade or intereburfe of Great

No person to trade to any colony in America whilst such trade is pro

hibited by ad fyritain with^uch colony.of, plantation is or shall be prohibited of parliament.^reftrajnedjby any act or acts of parliament made, or hereafter to be made, in this kingdom but whenever trade and intercourse shall he permitted between Great Britain and such cb lony or coionics, the same trade and intercourse (hah in like rv manner be permitted ard allowed betweq Ireland jand the said

f, colony or colonies...

CAP. XL

An act for continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of rhe reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two pennies scots, or one sixth parr of a penny sterling, upon every scots pint of ale, porter, and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kelso, in the shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a bridge cross the river Tweed, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Ad 3a Geo. a. recited and further continued for i years.

Public act.

CAP. XII

An act for punithing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. XIII

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore.

CAP. XIV

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloatbing of the Militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, ofie thousand seven hundred and eighty t

WHEREAS it is necessary that provision Should be made for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, or one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty r

be

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 14* if

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That in every county, riding, or Where the place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where jjjilfr** " j the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver or receivers general of the land-tax of such county, riding or place respectively, shall general of the issue and pay the whole Turns required, in the manner, and for county is to the several uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the »ftuc four pay of the said militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of six Shillings a day for each adjutant, where an adju according to tant is appointed; and at the rate of one shilling for each fer the eftabuth jeant, with the addition of two Shillings and sixpence a week ment of pay for each sergeant major where a sergeant major is appointed 5 hcr* fet "own and at the rate of sixpence a day for each drummer, with the addition of sixpence a day for each drum major, where a drum major is appointed; and also at the rate of sixpence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expenses of each regiment, battalion, and independent Company of militia; one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expenses of each regiment, battalion, or independent company, during the time of the men's being from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and also for half a with half a year's salary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of mili year's salary to tia belonging to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty jnd^attafioa pounds a year; and also for the respective allowances to the clerks; clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several subdivi and the al fion meetings, at the rates following; (that is to say). To the wac? clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds and five JJJ

Shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the fuk and subtlm division meetings, at the rate of one pound and one shilling for iion meetings; each meeting; and also for the clothing of the militia for such and pay for county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds and ten (^mihua!^ Shillings for each sergeant, and two pounds for each drummer, 1 with the addition of one pound for each sergeant major, and each drum major; and, with refpetf to the private militia men, where the militia hath not been clothed within three years, at the rate of one pound and ten Shillings for each private man.

II Provided nevertheless. That in any county, riding, or Wbert wy place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay

shall be issued until his majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, to be'issued or in case of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majesty's till the lord lieutenant, any three ueputy lieutenants of any such county, rid lieutenant, or ing, or place, shall have certified to the commissioners of his haveemified majesty's treasury, and to the receiver-general of the land-tax, to^mafury that three fifths of the number of private militiamen of such and receivers county, riding, or place, have been enrolied, and that three fifths general the of the proportion of their commission officers have accepted their of

commissions, and entered their qualifications as by law required. n^j^n and

III And be it enacted. That all such sums of money granted officers.

for tfe pay of the militia as aforesaid, except such as mail be The money II Vol. XXXIII C ducwbepaxib/

i8

the receiver-general to the clerk of ihe regiment or battalion, (except the allowances to the clerks of the meetings) upon producing the warrant of his appointment;

and for independent companies, to the respective captains, or to their order;

according to the establish* ment laid down in the. mu»tia a of % Geo. j.

A second payment is also to he made within three months after the first, and a third within three months after the second. Reeeipti of the ptriohs to whom the money shall be so paid, to discharge the re reivers general.

theregihien m arid batfa li6h tjerks ui^c to pay In ad v*«£eorit

mw

Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.»4 [1780.

due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be due on account of clothing, shall, where the militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said receiver or receivers general of the land-tax into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belongingto.such county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of his majesty's lieutenant for such refpeduve county, riding, or place; and where the militia has been embodied, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion respectively, notwithstanding such militia shall have been disembodied; and where the militia shall be formed into an independent company or independent companies, such sums as aforesaid shall be paid, by the said receiver or receivers general of the land-tax, into the hands of the respective captain of each independent company of militia, or to such personas such respective captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby entitled to receive pay and clothing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent company ot independartt companies, shall have been appointed to conlift, according to the establishment laid down in an act, pitted in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to explain, amende and reduce into one act of parliament, the several lav; s now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; ) and such receiver or receivers general of the land-tax (hill also, within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the said first payment, make a second payment for four calendar months in advance; and shall also, within fourteen days after the expiration of the three calendar months from the time of the said second payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expenses of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned 5 and the receipts of such d«rk or clerks, and of such captain of an independent company, or captains of independent companies, or of such person or persons as such captain or captains shall so authorise to receive Rich money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers general of the land-tax for the several 'fums of money so by him or them paid.

IV And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendar month's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or b3ttalfoft refpe£lively; and to the captain or officer commanding each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two

months

1780.) Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 14. 19

months pay in advance for the sergeants and drummers j jpd two months also to the officer commanding the company to whicfr tm fer Pay t?^ch jeant major and drum major shall belong, two months pay in advance tor such sergeant and drum major; and so, from time to and drum*as Jong as any money on that account shall remairj in his, mers; and for hands: which pa/every such captain or officer commanding is the sergeant hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to his ^.^aior company, by this act entitled to receive the same, as it shall be two months come due; and the captain of each independent company is pay to be paid hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to his to the corn company entitled thereto, such money as he shall receive for pay ^" doffhcf" of his company by virtue of this act; and such captain or officer company to Commanding shall, once in every year, give in to the clerk of which they the regiment or battalion to which such company shall belong, belong: or if captain of an independent company, to the receiver-general, d^fributvthe an account of the several payments he shall have made in pur paynaccord fuance of this act, according to the following form: ingly;

fer the same yearly to the clerk, or receiver-general if an independent comnanv^c cording to the following form j *

County of Dr.

To cash received of Mr.

regimental or I battalion clerk, or re( ( general (as tbt C case bail be) for two \

eiontlps pay in advance J

Per contra,

Paid sergeant for days pay, from the of to the of

folio win*—

Ditto as sergeant major 1 (if one in the company) J Paid sergeant for days pay, from the of to the of

following - — «

Paid drummer

days it sixpence, from the of to the of following J

Ditto as drum major (if i one in the company))

Paid drummer 1

days from the of > to the of following J

I

And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver-general, (as the case shall be), the surplus (if any) of the money by him from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands.

V Provided always, and be it hereby farther enacted, That in case the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or iodependaqt company of militia, shall certify in writing to the derkof the same, that he hath discharged any sergeant or drummer as unfit for the service; that in such case, no pay be issued for the person so discharged, until another be duly appointed by him; and that no payment be made to any sergeant or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not previoufiy been apprqved of by the commanding officer, in case of vacancy by death, or otherwise.

C 2 VI And

and pay back the lurplus moneys in his hands.

On discharge of sergeants or drummers as unfit for service, no pay to be issued till others are appointed; nor any payment made to such as are discharged by the commanding offi

ao Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 14. [1780.

The clerks tre VI And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or

like wise to pay battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be if sums allowed ^uc<^ an Pa to or defraying the contingent expenses of for contingent each regiment or battalion, shall, yearly and every year, pay expenses; id. to the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the hospital expenses of each respective company of such regiment or battalion, during the time of the men's being absent from home upon account of their annual exercise; and shall, from time to time, ifliie out and pay such sums of money as may be necessary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and removal thereof, upon an order in writing signed by the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion; and apply, disc

sir man for hospital charges j and the sums necessary for the repair of arms, and carriage thereof. Residue to be

applied for the pose of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the general use benefit of the an(j bencfh of each such respective regiment or battalion, in such

regiment, cas the field officers and captains shall direct. Account of the said same

manner as the field officers and captains thereof, or the greater part of them, shall dire; and shall, yearly and every year, make up an account of all such money, and the expenditure thereof, and deliver the same to the colonel or officer commanding such

_____________ or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and sign

to be made up ed; which account so allowed and signed shall be, and it is hereby yearly, C directed to be, the proper voucher and acquittal of such clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

Money allow VII And be it enacted. That the money hereby directed to ed for contin be issued for the contingent expenses of each independent com onndeoen ** Pany awh be, n 1'ke manner, applied to the particu

dant compa l*r ue f such refpe#ive independent company by the captain nie to be ap thereof; and shall, yearly and every year, be in like manner ac plitrd and accounted for tq the receiver-general of the land-tax of the county

tbeca taint orp^acc to which such independent company shall belong; whole je cap ai. aj]owancc of such account (hath; ic manner, be the proper

voucher for the expenditure and disposition thereof.

VIII And be it enacted. That the said regimental or bata lion clerk may and shall retain to his own use, out of the money so by him received, such further sums, as shall complete the allowance herein before made for his salary.

IX And be it further enacted. That whenever his majesty's lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise for the militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the receiver-general of such county, riding, or place, specifying the number of men, and the number of days such men are to be absent from home on account of such exercise; such receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the clerk of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of seven Shillings and sixpence per day for the captain of each company, and at the

shall be*absent rate t^rec Shillings and sixpence per day for each lieutenant,

from home, and of three Shillings per day for each ensign; and also at the

Receiver ge rate of one shilling per day for each private militiaman, with

neral to issue the addition of sixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, thereupon pay** 4 ^

Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own (alary.

When the Id. lieut. or deputies shall have fixed the days of exercise,

they are to certify the same to the receiver-general, specifying the number of men,

County of To cash received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver-general (oj the cafi/bati b) for day pay of men

forrai

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 14j a t

lb to be called out to exercise, for the number of days such offi for officer and cers and men shall be absent from home on account of such ex mc? to tb? crcife; and in such counties where there shall be independent companies only, the receiver-general of each such respective where there county shall inue and pay to the captains of the independafit shall be indecompanies at the rate of seven Shillings and sixpence per day for pendant com each captain, three (hi)lings and sixpence per day for each lieu recser tenant, and three Shillings per day for each ensign; also at general is to the rate one shilling ptr day for each private militiaman, with iffae pay to the the addition of sixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, captains, C foto be called out to exercise, for the number of days such offi jhe°rate here cers and men shall be absent from home on account of such ex set down, ercife; and the said regimental or battalion clerks are hereby re Clerks to pay quired forthwith to pay to each captain of the said regiments or over the mo battalions the proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewise the pay belonging to their respective companies. tains.

X And be it further enabled, That the captain of each com Captain to pany shall makeup an account of all moneys received and paid by make UP thchr him on account of such exercise, according to the following form: *^dsng to the

following

Dr. Per Contra, Cr.

By my pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid eniign

Paid militia men days

Paid additional pay to

corporal days J to be (igned

by them, and

Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and countersigned by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, manding offi within ten days after the time such exercise is finiftied, deliver cer, such account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the and delivered, regimental or battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independent to the company, to the receiver-general: and such accounts shall be clerk, 'or reallowed as sufficient vouchers in the patfing of the accounts of ceiver general, such receiver-general, by the proper auditor of his majesty's Accounts ai court of exchequer.

XI Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any re dur.n t^r*gitnent, battalion, or independent company of militia, is or shall time^he*be embodied, or called out into actual service, apd thereby the troops are officers and private militiamen are or shall be intitted to the embodied, and same pay as the officers and private men in his majesty's other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers and^ece^ve1 '

Sneral of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, to which nay as the ch regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia king's other shall belong, whether to the adjutants, sergeants, private militia a^allowance men, or others, and all money allowed as aforesaid for the con te" tingent expenses of such regiment, battalion, or independent ceiver* gene company of militia, and also the allowance to the clerk of such ralis coceaic* regiment or battalion, shall, during such time of actual fers vice, and until such regiment, battalion, or independent come

3 pany.

1

Receivers general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fnbdiviiion meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants j which order to be a discharge to receivers general.

Regimental and battalion clerk to give security tor paying And accounting for the moneys received by them;

the bonds to be lodged with the receivers general, and put in suit by them on nonperformance of the conditions;

and they are Entitled thereupon to full cods and charges; and 51, percent, of the money recovered; the residue to be accounted for to the auditor.

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independent companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and diiburfements*

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 14. {1780.'

a, shall be disembodied, and return home, cease, and not be

XII And be it enacted. That the said receiver or receivers of the land-tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his allowance, at the rate of five pounds and five Shillings for each meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose from his majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants, assembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of the clerks or the subdivision meetings their several allowances, at the rate of one pound and one shilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders shall be to the said receiver or receivers general of the land-tax a sufficient discharge for the payment of fiuch allowances, and be allowed in his or their account.

XIII Provided always and be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia shall give security to the receiver or receivers general of the land-tax of the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to which such clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such sums as he shall, 'from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for performance of the fruft hereby in him reposed; which said bond shall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the land-tax for the respective county, riding, or place, who, in case the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not duly perform the conditions comprised in the said bond, shall, and is'hereby required forthwith to put the said bond in suit, in the name of His Majesty, his heirs and fucceflorsi the full costs and charges of which suit, in case judgement shall be given against such regimental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said receiver or receivers general of the land-tax, who shall iikewife bje entitled to, and receive to his or their own use, at the rate of five pounds per ctntum out of all such moneys as shall be by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the residue thereof with the proper auditor of his majesty's revenue; the said receiver or receivers general of the land-tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next account of the land-tax to be by him or them pa (fed.

XIV And be it enacted. That the clerk of every regiment or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent company of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth day of March, and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, .deliver to the receiver or receivers general of the land-tax of the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company shall belong, a fair account, in writing, of all moneys by him received

and

Aono vicesimo Georgii III. C 14. 23

and dhborfed for the service of the preceding year, in purfqanco of this a, with proper vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tak any surplus of such moneys that shall then he in his haiylis; which said accounts, signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, or by such captain of an independent company respectively, shall be transmitted, by the said receiver or receivers general of the land-tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his majesty's revenue.

XV Provided always, and be it enacted. That all penalties, Cost, e. all costs and charges of snit, and all sums of money for which whereto be any person or persons is or are by this a made answerable, recovered, may and shall be recovered in any of his majesty*s courts of record at fvefiminfier, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein ho effoin, wager at law, or protection, or more

than one imparlance shall be allowed. No see pay

XVI Provided always, and be it enacted, That no see or able for any gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account warrantor

of any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in relation ^din^ur^to, or in pursuance of, this act. fuance of this

XVII Provided always, and be it enacted, That any persona d.

being on half-pay, or being entitled to any allowance, as having officers on feryed in ny or either of the two troops of horse guards, or re half-pay serve giment of hchrte reduced, and serving in the militia, mall and may, ing in the and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the subsistence may

money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieutenants or fab^enc/ ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence money money payable by any fuel captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not be deemed to captain,

a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent such lieutenant, or person on hstlf pav, or being entitled to any such allowance, from they taking receiving^his half-pay, or such allowance; and such perfin shall the following take the following oath before some justice of the peace, who is oath before a hereby empowered to administer the lame. justice.

I A. B. do wear, That 1 had not, between the The oath,

any place or employment of profit > civil or military, under bis mfljejly, besides my allowance of half pay, qs a reduced in late regiment of

[or allowance as in late troop

of horse guards, or. / regiment of horse reduced, J

ptve and except my fubfjfiepce as a cqptain? lieutenant, or ensign, (as the case may be, ; for Jerving ifi the militia of the county of

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other paty; any law, usage, pr custom, to the contrary therepf.uotvyijthftauding.

XVIII And be it, further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Receiver ge That the receiver-general of the land tax, so soon as he (lull re neraj.upoa ccive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding ^rantffrotn pfiker of their ye(pe&iiye regimerus^qcbattalions, certifying the ^ommtndi

vc 4 receipt ing officer.

94 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 15, 16. [1780.

ertifying the receipt of the clothing, and an order from the said colonel or receipt ot the commanding officer for the money due on account of the same, payable to the person or persons who fumiftied the said doath paymenr, is to mg, shall pay the sum mentioned in such order to the person inpay the same titled to receive the same; and such warrant and order, together accordingly, vvith the receipt of the person receiving the said money, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver-general.

If any regi XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ment. Sec. That in case any regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall cease, 31. shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this act, ET ^idto*the um t*irce Shillings per diem shall be paid to such person adjutant from as has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalioo, filch time to or independent company, from the time such regiment, batta march 15, lion, or independent company, shall cease, to the twenty-fifth *7%lm day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

CAP. XV

An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of hit present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending and rendering more effectual an a made in the tenth year of his maje/lfs reign, intituled, An act for building a new parito church, and declaring the present parito church a chapel: for making a coemetery, or churchyard; and for building an house for the use of the minister of the panto of Saint marylebone, in the county of Middlesexi as impowers the vestrymen of the said pa ri(h to boild a church upon a certain parcel of ground, in the said panto, belonging to Henry William Portman, Esquire, heretofore parcel of a certain dose, called The Fifteen Acres.

CAP. XVI

An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for cftablitoing a lottery.

Preamble. yt, 000, 000]. to be raised by annuities, and 4x0, 0001. by a lottery. Contributors to the sum of is, ooo, oool. to be entitled to certain annuities; which shall be charged upon a fund to be establitoed this fe toon, ? and collaterally upon the sinking fund. Contributors shall be entitled to one quarter's annuity at 4 percent, from Jan. 5, to Apr, 1780; and from that time shall be paid half yearly. Every contributor of 10001, shall, upon payment of 40i. more, be entitled to four lottery tickets. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a refo list ion of the house of commons. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their subscriptions, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subscribers to the 1 a, 000, 0001. entitled to an annuity of 4i. percent; and also to an annuity of 11. 16 s. jd. for 80 years; both payable half yearly. All contributors who shall pay in the whole of their contribution money before June 30, 1780, may receive the half year's annuity due July 5, 1780, on the annuity of 1)16 s. 3d. otherwise they shall not receive the said annuity until Jan. 1781. Annuities to be payable and transferable at the bank of England, Sec. Catoier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received9which shall be atognable. Catoier to give security, to the good liking of the commitooners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commitooners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the catoier. A book to be provided in the accountant generals office, in which contributors names shall be entered, Sec. After contributors shall have paid their subscriptions, they will be entitled to receive the annuities granted by this act; which shall be tax free. Subscriptions

0 paid

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 16.

paid in fart, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the public. At loon ai contriboton have completed their payments, the fume subscribed fell, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. accountant general, on payment of 451. per ant. of their contributions, before June *!> 1780* to give credit to the contributors for the annuity of il. 16s. 3d. which Hull be transferable. Certain rates appropriated for payment of the annuities granted by this a. Governor, cof the bank to appoint a chiefcashier, and accountant general. Moneys to be issued at the excbe* qner to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this at. accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be drtmed personal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, wherein sell be entered^dl transfers of suns advanced on this act. Method of transferring. The annuities of 11.16s. 3d. pr ant. Ur ami. shall be a separate flock until Jan. 5, 1781? after which they shall be made a joint flock with the long annuities of 1 and 2 Geo. 3. Persons possessed of flock may derife the same by will, Scc. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. The percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the joint flock of per ant. transferable at the bank by act 17 Geo. 3. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 480, 0001. to bp railed by a lottery? the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians, having the diipofal of infants money, may contribute to the loan. See. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, ana deliver them to the causers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to mom the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of moneys paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or Aik $ and cm oft indent wife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001. to each first drawn ticket of the fist six days, and i, oool to ditto the second six days? s, oool. to ditto the 15th and 17th days; 1, 0001. to ditto the 18th and xoth days? and 1000i. to the list drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 16, 1780. Method to be observed in drawing, C Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Aims to be printed, Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, C Felony. Offenders, (not in prison)) persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50i. reward. Proviso. Managers to be iworn. The oath. Cashier may receive the Aims Aibscribed, before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the same? which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 101. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to toe lottery? and the tickets for such Aims to be delivered into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, See. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the sale of changes, C Penalty. office keepers. C selling shares in tickets of which they are not poftefied, forfeit 5001, and fhffer 3 months imprisonment. After April 5, 17s0, no person to Veep a lottery office without a licence. Each licence to colt 50 h and shall be granted under the hands and seals of two managers. Licence to fet'forth the name of the Person taking out the same, Sc. and to continue in force for one year. Persons keeping any office contrary to this act, to forfeit 1001. Produce of the duty on licences to be applied towards defraying the expenses of the lottery. No person to sell any (bare of a ticket Ids than a sixteenth, on penalty of 501. Penalty on persons promising to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to this act. No business to be transacted at any lottery office between eight in the evening and eight the next morning. Exception. Two jottices may summon offenders against this at, and, on proof of the offence, convict them in penalties. Scc. If penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by distress On failure of dittress, offender to be

Preamble.

After Jan. i, 1781, no person to vote at any county election in England or Wales, who has not been aflfefied to the land tax for his qualification six months previous to the time of election.

Anno vicesimo geq&gxi III C 17. [1780.

committed. Any person forging a licence, shall forfeit 500i. See. commissioners of the treasury to eltablifli an ofice fn London, and to appoint .a person to conduct the business thereof; with whom all tickets, before they are divided into shares or chances, shall be deposited. AH shares to tfe stamped by the officer, who shall give a receipt for every ticket deposited with him. Form of receipt. All tickets deposited in the office, to remain there three days after drawing. The numbers of all tickets deposited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the number of shares into which they are divided. d. for each share to be paid to the officer on depositing tickets in the office; who shall therewith pay all expenses incident to the office. Penalty on selling any (bare or chance of a ticket without a (bmp. Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering receipts, or uttering the same with a fraudulent intention. No person Stall keep apy office for the sale of tickets, See. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of ioh. Offenders may be prosecuted in the vice chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by distress, Sec. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient surety js given to prolccute the same with efsect, Sec. This act not to prejudice thr privileges and jurlfdiftions of the mayor, Sec. of Oxford. Offences Committed in Ireland qgainft British acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made pmiithable: Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 480, 000!. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, ta be charged on any Supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any de duftioq* on Mprch 1, 1781, Sec. Managers to give notice of, the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, Sec. and (jgned, reno see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, See. on penalty of zoj. General issue. Treble costs.

CAP. XVII

Art act to remove certain difficulties relative to voters at court

elections.

WHEREAS the several laws now in being for afcerunning the rights of persons claiming to vote in the elections of knights of the hire to serve in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called England, are difficult to be carried into execution, and great delays and inconveniences have been occaftoned by the numberkfs disputes which have arisen at county elections concerning such rights: for remedy whereof, be it enatfted by the king's mpft excellent na jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiem bled, and by the authority of the same. That, frotp and after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, no person shall vote for electing of any knight or knights of the shire to serve in parliament, within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, in refpe6t of any messuages, lands, or tenements, which have not for ux calendar months next before such election, been charged or assessed towards some aid granted or to be granted to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflfors, by a land tax, (in case any such aid be then granted and affeflable), in the name of the person or persons who shall claim to vote at such elc&ion for or. in respect of any such mefiuages, lands, or tenements, or in the name of his or their tenant or tenants actually occupying the same as tenant or tenants of the owner cr landlord thereoft u

17s0.j Anifo vicesimo Georgii III C 17.

II Provided always, That this act, with rfcfpeft to such rating and aflefling as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to annuities or fee-farm rents (duly registered)1ffuing out of any messuages, lands, or tenements, rated or assessed as aforesaid; nor shall the same extend, or be construed to cxtehcj> to any person wliio became imitled to such mefliiagefs, lands, or tenements, for which he shall vote, or claim to vote, as aifore said, by defeent, marriage, marriage settlement, devise, or promotion to any beoefke in a church, or by promotion to an office, within twelve calendar months next before such election; but such per Tonne shall be entitled to vote at such election, if the messuages, lands, pr tenements, for which he shall vote, or claim to vote, as aforesaid, have been, within two years pekt before such election, ja'ted or afleflld to the land tax, in name of the person br perfoins by or through whom.such person voting; or claiming to vote, as aforesaid, shall derive hi title to h nies fuages, lands, or tenements, for which he shall vote, or claim to vote, as aforesaid, ot in the naiqe ofibme predeceflbr, wjthin fwo years next before such ele&ican, of such person Claiming to vote m respect of any pronjotioh to any benefice in 3 church, or promotion to an office, or in the name of the tenant or tenants of suchperson or persons, such tenant or tenants actually occupying such meflua^es, lands, or tenements.

III And be it further enacted, That (he commissioners of the land-tax for that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of tvales^ at their respective meetings held for appointing assessors of the land-tax for the several parishes and places lying within the division for which such commissioners shall act, shall cause to be delivered to each of the said assessors, a printed form of an afieflment, as set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed; and the said assessors are hereby required to make their afleftments according to the said form; and shall make three duplicates of such afleftments; and shall (at lead fourteen days before such assessment shall be delivered to the commissioners of the fond tax for the county, riding, or division, within which the parish or place for which such assessment shall be made shall lie)xaufe one of the said duplicates, or a fair copy thereof, to be slack up upon one of the doors of the church or chapel of the parish or place for which such afteflment shall be made; but in case such assessment shall be made for an extra parochial or any other place, where there is not any church or chapel, then such assessment shall be stuck up upon one of the doors of the church or chapel in a parish next adjoining; and if any person or peffons (renting, holding, or occupying, anv mestages, lands, or tenements, in any such parish or place) fhafl neot, hold, or occupy, messuages, lands, or tenements, belong mgto different owners or proprietors, the same shall be separate )y anddlftindlly rated and assessed in such afleftments, that the proportion of the land-tax to be paid by each separate owner or proprietor rtspectively may be known and ascertained; and the said duplicates (hail be delivered to the land-tax lommiffioher*;

at

*7

Certain case to which this act shall not extend \

provided bis qualifrchtion has'bv^n assessed to the J land tax, in the name of, his predecessor within two ywtrt/bttofft '

commflkonert of the land-tax to deliver to assessors a printed form of an assessment, who art to make their afleftments according thereto.

A duplicate of assessments to be stuck up on

the door ol parish churchy

/. i

a8 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 17; [1780!

Qualified per at their meeting for the receipt of afleffinents; and if the name font, whole cf any owner or owners of any messuages, lands, or tenements, "SR in such parish or place, entitled to vote as aforesaid, shall not ap

afleffinents, pear or be included in such alteitment, it shall and may be law

nay appeal to fill for such perfou or persons, by himself or themselves, or by sr Jhis or their agent or agents, to appeal to the commissioners of the land-tax, to whom fuen assessments shall be returned; and

the cornmif fionert;

who are to amend the afleffinents where defective.

An amended duplicate to be returned to the assessors, and delivered to the clerk of the peace at the next quarter sessions.

every person so intending to appeal shall, and is hereby required to give notice thereof in writing to one or more of the assessors of the parish or place wherein he is rated; and the said commissioners, on sufficient caufi? to be shewn, shall amend the duplicates of such afleffinents, by inserting therein the name or names of the actual occupier or occupiers, and of the owner or owners of such messuages, lands, or tenements, or the person or persons entitled to, or in actual receipt of the rents, iffiies, and profits thereof, or by erasing the name of any person who shall appear to them to have been improperly inferred therein; and the said commissioners are hereby required to cause one of the said duplicates so amended (after the same shall be duly signed and sealed by the said commissioners, or any three of them) to be returned to the said assessors, or one of them; and such af feflors are hereby required to deliver such duplicate, so amended, within ten days after the receipt thereof, to one of the chief constables of the hundred, lath, or wapentake, within which the parish or place for which such assessment was made shall lie, taking the receipt of such chief constable for the same, and which receipt such chief constable is hereby required to give; and such chief constable is hereby also required to deliver such duplicate upon oath, (which oath the said magistrates are hereby iropower ed to administer), without any aiteration, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, or division, within which such assessment shall be made, in open court, the first day of such sessions, to the clerk of the peace attending such sessions, to be by him filed and kept amongst the records of the sessions.

Penalty on IV And be it further enabled. That, if any afleflor shall northeast afleflor, C glcdt to deliver such duplicate so amended, to such chief confta wh°shallalter, b|cj as aforesaid, or if such chief constable, to whom the same dehvir anydu all ** shall neglecft to deliver the same to such clerk plicate as of the peace, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace abovedire&ed. as aforesaid, or shall wilfully alter or deface any such duplicate;

every such afleflor and chief constable so offending shall, for every such offence, and for every such duplicate so neglected to be delivered as aforesaid, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in the manner herein after mentioned.

If derk of the V And be it further enacted, That at the Michaelmas sessions

^ every year, the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, attending dup^tesbc such sessions, in every county, riding, or division, as aforesaid, fore the end of shall before the conclusion of such sessions, examine whether the Michaelmas duplicates of all the assessments within such county, riding, or sessions year division, shall have been delivered for that year; and if it shall

appear

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 17^ 29

appear that any such duplicates have not been received by or jy, the court delivered to such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, by the pro per chief constables, then and in such case such clerk of the peace, *h5eyf or his deputy, shall report the same to the court, and the court ble's making shall immediately fet and impose the said fine or fines of five default, pounds upon such chief constables, for the hundred, lath, or wapentake, within which the parish or place for which such duplicate or duplicates of the afleflinent or assessments not returned shall lie; and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall give to such chief constables immediate notice of such fine or fines; and if the same is or are not immediately paid, theju On failure of fticcs assembled in the said quarter sessions shall, by order of the payment, fines court, issue a warrant of distress for the recovery thereof, directed to the constable or constables of the respective parishes or places y where such chief constables shall live; and such warrant shall be delivered or transmitted by the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, to such constables, or one of them, who is and are hereby required to levy such fine or fines, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such chief constables, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress.

VI Provided always. That if such chief constables shall vo In case chief lunrarhy make oath at such sessions, that such duplicate or du constables pkcates was or were not delivered to them, or either of them,

by such afleflor or assessors, then, and in such case, the said fine neg1eaed°to or fines, herein before directed, shall be fet and imposed upon deliver said such afleflor or assessors of the parish or place, parishes or places, duplicates to for which such duplicate or duplicates shall not be returned; them 1 and the justices assembled in such quarter feflioas shall, by orde of court, issue a warrant of distress for the recovery thereof, directed to the constable or constables of such parish or place, or refpeaive parishes or places, or to such other person or persons as such justices shall think proper; and also shall, by order of court, require thfc chief constables, or one of them, to give notice to such afleflor or assessors, that such fines have been fet and imposed; and such chief constables are hereby required to serve such notices upon such assessors within fourteen days next after fijeh sessions; and if such assessors, or one of them, shall not de then the fines Ever such duplicate, or he chief constable's receipt for the same, shall be levied to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for such county, riding, j fald or division, within ten days after being served with such notice, Jpt j^e/dek then and in such case the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, ver thedu shall deliver or transmit such warrant of distress against the af plicates, C r, to the person or persons to whom the same shall be di "^thi" ten reded, who is hereby required to levy the said fine set upon such afleflor, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such af feflor or assessors, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or (hfhiers, after deducting the reasonable charees of such distress.

VII Provided always. That if such assessors, or either of But if afleflor*,

them, shall, within the said ten days after such notice, produce within fawi__

to the said clerk of the peace, or ms deputy, the receipt of such mth*"*"

chief derk of the

Anno vicesimo Gegrgu III C 17* [1780.

peace the chief chief c&nstables, or one of them, for such duplicate, then and in con&abfoi re such cafc clerk Of thc peace 0r his deputy, shall deliver or thfe^fine shall ttanftnit the warrants against such chief constables or such of be, levied pn them who shall have signed such receipt, to the proper constable fafciconftabks. or con (la bios to whom the same shall be directed, that the same may be executed as aforesaid, and the warrant or warrants for levying the fine or fines upon such afleflbr or assessors shall not be executed.

Fines to be VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, paid to the That the fines to be fet and imposed ujxm such chief constable trsafurerof and a(te(tors as aforesaid, shall, after the same shall be so levied the county, C and recovered, be, by the person or persons who shall levy and recover the Came, paid to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, wherein the same shall be levied or recovered, or the lawful deputy of such treasurer, to be applied and disposed of as part of the county (lock, under the direction of the sessions of such county, riding, or division.

When aflelt IX And be it further enacted, That whenever any afieflinent maa* *rjnrot ihah not have been made by the afleflbr or assessors of any pa tumedto the r|fh or p^ce, and returned to the chief constable, and by the clerk of the chief constable to the clerk of the peace, by the negledi or depeace, justices fault of any person concerned therein, it shall and may be law may order fuj for the fid justices at the said quarter sessions, or any two ju inade and^e ces or c(^uuty> riding, or division, out of sessions, to order turned forth and direcsl such assessment or assessments forthwith to be made with. and returned in manner aforesaid; and such affeflinents, so made

and returned, shall have the same and the like effect as if made'and returned at the time and in the manner herein before directed.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions $

ten days notice.

Justices may award cods.

X And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be diffatiafied, or shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by any determination of the said commissioners of the land-tax, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal agaiod such determination to the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, or division, within which such commissioners shall act, which shall happen next after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, giving ten days' notice of such appeal to one of the commissioners signing the duplicate of the said assessment, and also to one of the assessors of the parish or place where the estate belonging to the person or persons who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved shall lie; and the justices assembled in such sessions are hereby authorised and required, by examination upon oath, (which oath the said justices are hereby authorised to administer), to hear and determine the matter of such appeal, and to amend such assessments where they shall think necessary $ also to award such costs as to them in their discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their order or warrant to levy the costs which shall be so awarded, by diftrefe and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons against whom the faxpe shall be so awarded, rendering the overplus (if

1780.] Anna vicefiroo Georgii III C 17.

any) to the owner or owners, after deducting the realbnable charges of such distress.

XL And be it farther enacted, That if the said commission Anyperfaa9 ers, upon any appeal before them, and also the said justices in wh°k name sessions upon any appeal before them, shall find it requisite to ft" n appear to insert in such assessments, or the duplicates thereof, the names have been im of any person or persons, which shall appear to such commis properly left Honere, or to such justices, to have been improperly omitted, out of any such person or persons shall be taken nd deemed to be rated in ^acj, Adeemed such a/ieffment or assessments, as effectually, to all intents and to have been putposes, as if the name or names of such person or persons had rated therein, been originally inferred in such affcffment by the assessors.

XII And whereas disputes have arisen, whether the hujhands of women entitled to dower or thirds, at common lawy out of the ejiates of their former hufbandsy Shall be entitled to vote in tie election of members of parliament, unless dower has been afftgned and fit out, by

metes and bounds, for juih women; be it therefore further gaacted, Hufbaudiof That where any woman, the widow of any person tenant in fee womenintitwd or in tail, shall be entitled to dower or thirds, by the common^law, out of the freehold estate of which her husband died seized of their former or possessed of, and shall intermarry with a second hu(band, such husbands, may second husband shall be entitled to vote in respect of such dower votein refpttt or thirds, if such dower or thirds shall be of the clear yearly va the

lue of forty Shillings, or upwards, although the same has not d0wer hat

been assigned or set out by metes or bounds, if such second huf not been fet band shall be in the actual receipt of the profits of such dower, our by metet and the estate from whence the same issues is rated to, and con orbounds tributes to the land-tax in the name of the actual owner of the lands or tenements from whence such dower or thirds arises or issues.

XIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Duplicate That it shall and may be lawful for all and every person or may be in persons, at all seasonable times, to resort to and inspect the said fpe«cd* duplicates, or any part thereof, in the hands of such clerk of the

peace, or his deputy, paying for every search into, or inspection of, such duplicates, or any part thereof, one shilling, and no more; and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, is hereby Clerk of the required and directed, upon demand, to deliver a true copy or peace to deli copies of all such duplicates, or of such part or parts of them, or V of^k any of them, of which a copy shall be demanded, to any person cates°on dc - or persons who shall demand or desire the same, (such copy or mand, copies to be signed by such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy or true copies), and for which copy or copies such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall be *

paid at and after the rate of sixpence, and no more, for every and being paid three hundred words or figures, and foin proportion for any*lesser number of words or figures; which said duplicates, and 3 *

also a true copy of them, or any of them, or any part of them, signed as aforesaid, and also the duplicate of any assessment in the possession of the commissioners of the land-tax, or in the j>oflcflion of the receiver-general of the county, or a copy of the

32 Anno vicesimo Georgii III d. 17: [1780.*

Duplicates, laid duplicates, signed by such comtniffioners, and purporting fc kmc to a truc copy all at^times, and in all places, aj|0wc(j anj admitted as legal evidence of such afleflinents, certificates, memorials, and books of entries, in all cases whatsoever; and such copy shall be delivered in areasonable time after the same shall be demanded.

Cleric or the XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p; ace, or hi That such clerk of the peace of every county, riding, or dividend a/every in n who CC duplicates shall be filed as aforesaid, or

de&ion of his deputy, shall, upon reasonable notice, attend at every elec knight of the tion of a knight or knights of the shire for such county, with shire, with the said original duplicates, at the request of any candictate, *or

original du the agent or agents of any candidates; the person or persons re requeftof any questing the lame making such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, candictate: 7 a satisfaction for such attendance, at and after the rate of two such candi guineas for each day of his attendance at such election, together date to pay vvith an allowance of one shilling and (ixpence a mile for the foreach^day's costs ad charges he may be at, or put unto, in his journey from attendance, the place of his abode to and from the place of such election, and is. 6d. per mile for travelling charges.

After i(tiling any writ for election of a.

county member, the clerk of the peace shall atteod gratis, from nine to three each day, where the records of the

county are ufuallv kept, to make copies of duplicates, C

Penalty on clerk of the peace, or his deputy, making default.

aion to be "brought within two months, C

XV And be it further enabled. That after issuing any writ or precept for the election of a knight or knights of the shire for any county withirf that part of Great Britain called England, or the dominion of Wales the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall, and he is hereby required to attend, gratis, from day today, from the hour of nine in the forenoon to three in the afternoon, in each day, at the place where the records of such county, riding, or aivision, are usually kept, from the time of the delivery of such notice to the day immediately preceding the day of election of such knight or knights, for the purpose of receiving applications for the inspection of such duplicates, and for making copies of them, or any of them, or of so much of them, or any of them, which he shall be requested to copy as aforesaid.

XVI And be it farther enacted, That if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall neglect or refuse to permit such duplicates, or any of them, or any part of them, or any of them, to be inspected by any person or persons who shall request the same as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver any copy or copies of the same, or any part thereof, within the time before mentioned, or shall neglect to attend as aforesaid, at the place where the records of such county, riding, or division, are usually kept, or at any county election, with such duplicates, in pursuance of the directions of this a; every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the (urn of five hundred pounds to the party aggrieved, provided such action is brought within two months after the offence shall have been committed; and if no such action shall be brought within the said time, then to any person who shall sue for the same in the manner herein after mentioned; and shall also forfeit his office of clerk of the peace, or deputy, the same to be

ab

X

33

1780.] xnno.vicesimo Georgii IIL C 17#

absolutely void on such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, being cqnvkftea of such offence; and such clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peace, shall be rendered incapable of being again appointed a clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peaces or of ailing as such, in and for any county, riding, or division, whatsoever.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Final judge that hm^iudgement upon any verdict to be obtained against ment UP such derk or the Peace, or deputy clerk of the peace, for the "ffi/derk recovery of such forfeiture, shall be deemed and taken to be a 0?tbe peace, fofficient conviction of such offence, without any other profecu lhaii bedeemed tion or, conviction whatsoever; and immediately after such Sufficient con. judgement, the said office of clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk T, tonne

of the peace, shall be absolutely void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Pen *!*** 'ow That the forfeitures or penalties laid or imposed againd: such tecov' clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peace, by this act,

shall and may be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager

of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XIX Provided always, and be it further enacted and de Prosecutions dared, That no person shall be liable to any forfeiture or pe to b; cm.. by this a (ft laid or imposed, unless prosecution be com *manths. ** raencea within twelve calendar months next after fufch forfeiture or penalty shall be incurred.

FORM of ASSESSMENT.

Canty ofn > An ajfeffment made in of par Form of

to wit: I liament, pajftd in the year of his afleffmeot.

Sir tbo parish of Majeftfs reigntfor granting an aid to bis Main thefaid\ jesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Bri

emty. J tain, for the service of the year one thousand seven

hundred and

Names of proprietors. A. B. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

AB - —

F. -- -- -- -- -

CD- -- -- -- -- -

1

and > -- -- -- --

L.M.3.

P %.

Names of occupiers.

Himself.

CD- -- -- -

-- -- -- -- --

-- -- -- -

NO- -- -- --

Signed this

t Vo*. XXXIII

day of ll r.

ABC.

D.

D

by us

34 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C isi [i?8oj

CAP. XVIII

An off to repeal so much of an aq made in the nineteenth year of the reign of Henry the Seventh or of any other alts which prohibit the exporting, carryings or conveying coin out of this realm into Ireland; and so much of certain acts* made in Great Britain, whjcb prohibit the importation of foreign bops into Ireland, and which take off the drawback upon hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the importation into and exportation from Ireland, of fitch goods as may be imported into*or exported from Great Britain, by the merchants England, trading to the Levant seat.

Preamble.

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several affs of par yy liament her tin after mentioned*so far as the same refrain the trade and commerce of Ireland; pnay it therefore please your*Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present So much of parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, any as, at from and after the passing of this act, so much of an act of prohibit the parliament made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King aowcsefver ^mry Seventh, (entitled. Coin) and so much of any other coin to Ire act or acts of parliament, made in Great Britain which prohibit land, repealed, the exporting, carrying, or conveying, of coin of gold or silver out of this realm into Ireland shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void.

So much of II And it is hereby further ehafted by the authority afore9Annas, C i, said, That, from and after the passing of this act, so much of an or other acts, aft Of parliament, made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen theimporta*(entitled. An act for laying a duty upon bops; ) and so much tion 6t foreign of any other act or acts of parliament, made in Great Britain hops into which prohibit the importation of foreign hops into the kingdom Ireland; of Inland; amd also so much of tbd said recked aft, and of an and so much other act, made in the (ixth year of the reign of King Geerge the tbc First, (entitled. An act for toying a duty upon wrought plate; and

i, c.ti, which fr. afpbins money frifwg for the clear produce (by sale of the for enacts that no felttd estates) towards anfweting his majesty*s apply; and for taking drawback offm. the drawbacks Upon hops exportedfor Ireland; and for payment shall be allow of annuities to be far chased after the rate offour pounds per centum ported to CX- at the exchequer redeemable by parliament; and for op

Inland, propria ting supplies granted in this session of parliament; and to pre

venlcou^terjciting Receipts and warrants of the officers of the South repealed. Sea company and for explaining a late at concerning foreign fair cellared and locked up before the four and twentieth dar of June, ent thqyfandseven hundred and nineteen; and td give a further time fci paying duties on certain apprentices indentures; and for relief sj Thomas Vernon esquire in relation to a parcel of senna import a in though year one tboeifand seven hundred and sixteen; ) enact, That no part of the duties shall be repaid or drawft back foi any hope, (whether the same be of foreign or British growth, which shall be exported or shipped for exportation from Gua

Britan

I

io.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 19. 35

Britain for Ireland, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed and made void.

III And whereas by an all of parliament, made In the twenty ** sixth year of the reign of his late mojejiy King Geofrge the Second, C rtcl** fintituled, An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas)) is amon^l other things enacted, That every subject of Great Britain, desiring admission into the company.of merchants of England trading into the Levant seas, commonly calied, or known by the name of. The Turkey Company, shall, upon request for that purpose made in the manner by the said act directed, be admitted into the said company; and that the roods permitted to be exported or imported by persons made free of the said company, shall be exported from and imported into Great Britain only: and it is hereby further drafted by the Any good authority aforesaid, That such good as may lawfully be exported txport^or from, or importedittto, Great Britain, in British ftlips, by any imported to or person or persons free of the said company, by virtue of the said from Great recited act, or any other act made in thrs kingdom, shall and an may, in like manner, be exported from, or imported into, any port or place in the kingdom of Ireland, by any person admit any'person ted, or to be admitted into, and made free of, the said cbmpany, fret of the in British or Irish ships or vessels, legally navigated, on paying Turkey 00m such impositions or sums of money as shall be affefied and Sorted ohm charged on all goods, wares, or merchandise, to be exported ported to or and imported as aforesaid, or on any ships laden with the same, from Ireland for defraying the necessary expenses of the said company; any nd thc thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding. caw.

Provided always, and it is hereby Further enacted by the The oath to authority aforesaid. That the oath required by the said recited b taken on act to be taken by persons upon their admission to their free fhefridcom 0 domain the said company, shall and may be taken before, arid panyf may've administered by, two of his majesty's justices of the peace in and administered for the kingdom of Ireland. irtund.

cap. xnc.

Jnaft to continue several laws relating to the better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty's subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's subjects trading thither under foreign commissions to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat fiins into this kingdom; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majejlfs sugar colonies in America 1 and to the permitting the exportation of Tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies.

XXIRE REAS the laws herein after mentioned have by expo preamble; ▼V rience been found useful and beneficial, and are nedr expiring; tffaf it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the iwing's most excellent majesty, by and with the D 2 advice

36

further continued till March *5, j 800, canno

vicesimo Georgii III C 19; [17^0.

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the 5 Geo. 1, 0.19, authority of the same. That an art, made in the fifth year of the relating to the rt\gn of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An

Eattlndies! for rtulvm& Qn mai in fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An art for the better securing the lawful trade of his majesty's subjerts to and from the*East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his maje fty's subjerts trading thither under foreign commissions; which was to continue in force from thefirstday of May, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which was by two arts, made in the thirteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament,

IL And be it further enarted by the authority aforesaid. That 4. Geo. 3, C 19, an art, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present for importing Majesty, for importing salt from Europe into the province of que salt from Eu bec ln America, for a limited time, which was to continue in ropetoquebec, force from t^c twenty.fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, for the term of one year, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament and which was by two arts, made in the sixth and thirteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth day of funey one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

15 geo.i1c.35, HI. And be it further enarted by the authority aforesaid, to permit the' that*an art, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefect imports sent Majesty, to permit the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom for a limited time, which was to continue in force from the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred June *0, 1785, an(j eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next *c' session of parliament.

80 much of 16 IV And be it further enarted by the authority aforesaid. Geo. 3, 0.37, as That so much of an art, made in the sixteenth year of the reign relays to the of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for allowing the expor exportation of iat\on ff certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his ma thesugar colo fuiar ponies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, tmd to the other fettlments belonging to the united company of mer' '

further continued till June See.

tion of raw goat skins.

further continued until

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 20.

tbanls of England trading to the East Jodies, and of biftu.it and seat to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all per font with to or

tarrying into execution his majesty's orders of touncil already made for (mowingthe exportation of wheat, and other articles: as relates

to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other artides, to his majesty's sugar colonies in, which

was to continue in force until the first day of January, one thousand Seven hundred and seventy seven; and which by three acts, made in the Seventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth years of She reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first day of May, one thousand Seven hundred and eighty shall be, further cond and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration " "d until thereof, until the first day of May, one thousand fcvcn hundred*ljt, ' and eighty one.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 80 much of That so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the *7 reign of his present Majesty.. An act for repealing the, hg exportati ileventh rule in the book of rates, ft far as the same relates to the on of tobacco making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and pipe clay to raijms, and for making the importer of such goods an abatement in the o; V C duties in lieu thereof, and for explaining the rule with refpell to 10n*hub allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the tm1 of tobacco pipe clayfrom this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, for a limited lime; as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in force until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and Seventy nine, and from thence to the end of the then next felconof parliament; shall be, and further conti the same is hereby further continued from the expiration there" " ^17*1, of, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand Seven ifcc. 7 ** hundred and eighty-three, and from thence to the end of the then next fesiion of parliament.

CAP. XX

Ass off for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty s ships of war, and on board merchant, and other

trading ships and vejjils.

FOR the better supply of manners and seamen to serve in his Preamble, majesty'sships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vejels; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords «

Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament fingofthi»p*£t assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and till March 15, after the passing of this act, until the twenty-fifth day of March, i, mer one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and no longer, f^p** (except in respect to such merchant ships, and other trading j^gated by ships or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the said three fourths twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and foreign sea

D 3 eighty men

§2 Anno vicesimo gborgii III C ab [i/flo.

righty one, who shall be and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as here in after is provided, ) k shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship, or other trading Slip or vessel, to be navigated by foreign Teamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty's natural or naturalised subjects, To as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourthe of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, and that one fourth at leak of the mariners or seamen To employed, be nt nil times natives, or his majesty's naturalised subjects of Great, Britain, (sudden death, and hazard and cafoalties of war, and

the Teas, saved and excepted) one act.of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation) or any other statute or law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

This a&not to II Provided always, That nothing in this at contained shall retrain any extend to take away or retrain the effetft of any such royd niahon tocbe proclamation, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are im madepurfuant powered to make by virtue of an a, passed in the thirteenth to an act 13 year of his late majesty's reign, (entitled An act for the bitter supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty9s ships of uwr, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships, and privateers.)

III And whereas doubts have arisen whether, according to the true intent and meaning of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of bii late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships, and privateers, ) any foreign mariner or ftaman% who Jbatt have fervedfor the time mentioned in the said a during the time of the present hojhlitiesy on board any of his majesty9s ships of wear, or any merchant or other trading slip or vejfely or privateer, (which at the time of such service belonged to any of his majesty9s subjects y) stall, by virtue of the said ay be deemed to be a natural bornjubje& of his Majesty s kingdom of Great Britain; be it therefore enacted and declared. That the said a, and everything contained therein, is and has continued to be, and shall be deemed and

during the late taken to be and have continued to be, in full force 5 and that present hofti any f°rc'gn mariner or seaman, who at any time during the lad Htiei, shall war, or during the present hostilities, from and since the twen have faithfully ty fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and seventy fenred on seven, shall have faithfully served on board any such ships or brkifh^ip for ve^s fr fpacc °ftwo years, shall be deemed and taken to two year, be a natural born subject of his majesty's kingdom of Great shall oedeemed Britain, and shall have and enjoy all the privileges, rights, pows hf^ra, fborn ers* and capacities, which, by the said in part recited as, are Great Britain. ljven anc 8rantc^ to foreign seamen who served on board any*British ship for the like space of time during the then war.

IV And be it further enacted. That any ship or vessel which

nee \ shall

Geos.

Recital of an a&i3geo. a.

Any foreign seaman who,

Any ship which, urn

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 21 — 23.

frail at any time hereafter, daring the present war, arrive, or which, at any time since the twenty firth day of March, one thousand Seven hundred and seventy nine, has arrived, in any of the ports of this realm, navigated according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall and may be entered, and the re (peftivc cargoes landed, on payment of British duties, and no other, without incurring any p, -; ns, penalties, or forfeitures, whatlpeyer: and if any lhip or (lits, vessel or vessels, navigated according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and which have arrived in any port of this realm since the said twenty-fifth day of March last pad, or the cargo or cargoes of fitch ship or ships, vessel or vessels, shall have been seized, such ship or ships, vejel or veflela, with their respective cargoes, shall be delivered to the respective owners and proprietors thereof, on payment of British duties only, and no other, without any pains, penalties, or fxfeiturcs whatsoever: the act of the twelfth of his late ma jsfty King Charles the second, or any other act or a dsto the contrary thereof, notwithstanding.

CAP. XXL

da for amending and rendering more etfe&ual two acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh years of his present Majesty's reign, for better top plying the city of Worcester, and the liberties thereof with water, and for the better paving and lighting the said city, and for removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XXII

An act for the better government and regulation of the poor, in the town and parish of Maidstone, in the county of Kent. '

39

March 1779, has arrived, or during the prefect hostilities shall arrive, in any port of this realm, navigated according to this act, may be entered, con payment of british duties s

And if any such ship, or its cargo, has been (eized, the same shall be delivered to the owners, on payment of British duties only.

CAP. XXIII

juag to amend an act made in the hjl session of parliament, entitled, An act for the encouragement of Teamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his majesty's navy $ and for making further provisions for those purposes.

WH E R E A S his Majesty, by order in council, dated the eigh Preamble teenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, was pleased U order that general reprisals be granted against the ships, goods, and subjects, of the king of Spain 5 and that as well all Ids Majejkf s fleets and ships, asalfoall other Ships and vessels that Shall be commtfstoned, by letters jof mark or general reprisals, or other wise, by bit Majesty's commissioners for executing the office of lord Ugh admiral of Great Britain, shall and may lawfully feieae alt Ships, vefilsx and goods, belonging to the King of Spain, or bis subjects, or oilers inhabiting within any the territories of the King of Spain, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty. within his Majesty's dominions: now, for the encouragement of the officers mod seamen of bit Majesty's ships of war, and the officers and seamen of all other British ships and veffith having emmissions and letters of mark, and for inducing all British seamen who maybe in any foreign twice to return into this kingdom and become fendeeable to bis ada jpy and for the more effectual ftcuring and extending the trade of

40 Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.23. [1780.

his Majesty's subjects; be it enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thispresent parliament Prizes made assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the flag of*^ccrs> commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and

the hotulhift Soldiers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his majesty's against Spain, pay, shall have the foie interest and property of and in all and to be divided every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they have between the t9kcn ilnce the eighteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or shall hereafter take.during the continuance of hostilities against Spain, after the same shall have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Majesty, in any of his majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his majesty's in the propor plantations in America, or elsewhere, be divided in such pro mntftyh]1s - Portlons» and after such manner, as his Majesty hath, by his dy4ordc«d7or proclamation of the twenty-fifth of June, one thousand (even to be hereafter hundred and seventy nine, already ordered and directed, or as ordered by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think fit to order and proclamation. djrc<ft? by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes.

Prizes madeby II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

privateers to any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, arms, ammunition, (lores of t^ee'nthcown war §°°ds, an merchandizes whatfpeyer, with all their farmers and cp*ture, tackle, or apparel, taken or to be taken, during the conti tors according nuance of hostilities against Spain, by or with any private owner to private or owners, ship or veuel, according to any commission or letter contract. cf mark granted, or to be granted, as herein after is set forth, by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them empowered and appointed, (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of his majesty's courts of admiralty as aforesaid)) wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of such ship or vessel, and the several persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such share and proportion as shall be agreed on with the owner and owners of such ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons that shall be thus entitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, being the captor of such prize, ship, or vessel, arms, ammunition, stores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the persons claiming under him or them, shall be entitled to any part or share thereof, (except as to the customs and duties) any cu prorifion* in om fatute, or other law, to the contrary notwithstanding

19 Geo. 3, c.6jj HI. And whereas by an act, made in the nineteenth year ef the

reign

1780.3 Anno yicclimo Georgii III C 23. 41

reign tf Ins present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the encourage for profisut

ment of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning hi majesty's navy, ) several provisions and regulations were eft a este'ndedto^ bbjhedfor tbo bettor tarping on thefalutary purposes by the fata oil letter of intended in the profrtution of bojtiliues againfrance; be it there mark. See.

foreenacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several regu fcjj^******' ladons and provihon* refpeoing the grant of commissions or K, ; w *** ""letters of mark, the persons acting and the captures made under^the authority of such commissions or letters of mark, and all other dauses, provisoes, matters, and things, contained in the said act, shall extend, and be construed ana deemed to extend, to the grant of commissions of letters of mark to the persons adiag, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark for general reprisals against the ships, goods, and subjects, of the lung of Spain, and all other matters or things wnatsoever, in respect of the same, dur iogthe continuance of hostilities against Spain, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the lame regulation, proviiions, dauses, provisoes, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re enacted in this act.

IV Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Prize good authority aforesaid. That nothing in the said act, made in the liable to pay. nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or in this act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, goods, wares, or merchandise, already taken, and which, shall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his majesty's plantations in, from

the payment of any customs or duties, or from being subject to the restrictions and regulations to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and statutes of this realm.

V And whereas by the said all, made in the nineteenth year of his

Meatfly's reign, it is enaued, That all penalties and forfeitures given

ona granted by the said all, Shall be applied one moiety to the informer

or informers, and the other moiety to the of the royal hospitalfor fiamen at Greenwich: and whereas such attribution of penalties and forfeitures may interfere with the dijlributm of several penalties and forfeitures which are otherwise particularly disposed of by the said all; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That so much snd such part of the said recited act mall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all penalties and forfeitures inflidea or incurred by the said recited and this present act, other than such as are otherwise particularly disposed of, shall be applied one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the use of the said royal bofohal.

VII And whereas it is by the said recited all, among other things, toabed, That if any fbip, vessel, or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein, Shall appear and be proved in any court of admiralty to have btkngtd to any of his Majesty's fubfells of Great Britain or Ireland,

or

Part of 19 Geo. 3* C 67, relating to application of penalties, repealed.

Application of pcnaltiet.

Recital of part of 19 Geo.), C <7, relating to recaptured vessels*

4* Anno vicesimo gsq&gii HI C ag. [ 1780.

or any of the dominions and Urritorits remaining and continuing ustfor his Majeftfs protection and obedience, which wen before taken at Jurpriztd by any of his Majeftfs enemies, and at any time afterwards again surprised and retaken from his Majeftfs enemies by any of Us Majeftfs tips of war, or any private man of spar, er other flnp, wjf€l> or booty under his Majeftfs protection and obedience, that ebon fauhfbipsy vessels, boats, and goods, and every fitch, fare and parte t hereofy asajorejaid, formerly belonging to fitch bit Majeftfs fidyebs, fbatiy in ftl cases, be adjudged to be restated, and ball be, by dome of the fold court of admiralty, accordingly rcflorcd to fetch former owner er owners, or proprietors, ho or they paying, for and in lieuef salvage, as in the aid et is particularly mentioned and directed: and whereas it bath been found by experience, that greet expend is inturredby the original owners and recapt&rs of colliers and codfting vessels, and other vessels of small value, by proceeding to adjudication in the manner directed by the said recited alt, with refpest to the faivege of fitch recaptured tolliers and coafiing vessels, and other vessels of (mail value, the charges whereof frequently exceed the fium paid forjalvage to the Regulations recaptort: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That in cases of rectum? co^lcrs shafting vessels, and other velfeisof small value, cottterscoaft. by the enemy, and afterwards retaken by any of his Ma

ing vessels, C jelly's ships of war, or by any privateer or merchant ship having letter of mark, or by any ship, vessel, or boat, under his majesty's protection or obedience, it shall and may be lawful, immediately upon such recaptured collier or coasting vessel, or other vessel of (mal value, being brought into port, for the owners and agents on both Tides to agree upon the salvage, 10 as such salvage hall not exceed the refye&ive proportions dfc reded by the said recited act to be paid to recaptors $ and upon producing to the judge of any court of admiralty, or his furro gate, or to any one or more of the commissioners for taking deaminations in prise causes, an attestation of the master of the recaptured ship or vessel, of the property thereof, and of the cargo, including also an attestation of some person of good credibility as to (he identity of the said ship or vessel, and of his having carefully viewed the same; that then it shall be lawful fojr the recaptor, or his agent, immediately to restore the same without any further delay, and such restitution being certified to the court, shall be decreed to be affirmed accordingly; my thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIV

An act for converting into money the statute labour, in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the purpose of repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, within the said ffewartry.

CAP. XXV

An act for rtpealing the duties payable upon pot and pearl wood

and weed esjhes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting aether duties in lieu thereof for a limited

Preamble. wfpereas pot and pearl a/bes, wood and weed ashes, are V V ejfentially netejfary in the whitening of linen cloth and thread, and

io Anno vicesimogeolusii 111. C 43

audit the preparing of linen yarn for that loam, and are ttfei in federal other manifa flares of this kingdom; and in order $0 promote ahd encourage such qpaufassures, it is expedient to reduce the duties payable by law upon the importation of such pot and pearl afbesy wood and weed ashes, from any foreign part of Europe, for a limited time: may ft therefore pkati'yuur Majtjly that k may he matted; and ha itenadled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consentof thelords fpirhual and temporal, and coalmans, ip this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fiap&e, That, from and after the tjtirty first day of from May; t9 May, one thousand seven hundred and eiehty, and during the *780, all duties continuance of this adfc, the several rates and duties payable upon the importation ofpot and pearl allies, wood and weed aqies, C imported from any foreign part of Europe into this .kingdom, shall cease from any so and determine*end in lieu ad iaftead thereof, there shall be Part raised, levied, collected, and paid, the Cum of two Shillings for every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve*.

pounds weight avoirdupoise, of such pot and peart ashes; Ncw the fam of sixpence for every hundred weight, containing one gran hundred and twelve pounds weight arotrdupoise, of such wood and weed afbes, which (halt be so imported into Great Britain from any foreign place or country in Europe; subject neverthe* lefeto an additional import of five pounds per eentum9 in the same manner, and under the same regulations, as the additional doty of five pounds per cetrtumis granted to his Majesty, by an act made in the (aft session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Atdjesty additional duties upon the produce of the federal duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and exeife in Great Britain, and after that rate for any greater or lese quantity thereof; anything in any former act or ifts to the contrary notwithstanding.

H. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore New duties to laid, That the said duties made payable by this act upon such bepaidinrea pot and pearl ashes, wood and weed allies, shall be paid down hi ready mohey, without any (tifcount or allowance upon im jn(j Applied as portation, or any drawback upon exportation, and shall, in au the former other respects, be raised, levied, cdtiedted, recovered, and paid, duties, and shall be applied and appropriated to the same tafes as the former duties were applicable, by such rules, ways, and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as the former duties, which are repealed by this act, were raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, applied, and appropriated, and were fubfedt and liable to; and all the powers, penalties, provisions, articles, and rlauses, contained in the several acts of parliament relative thereto, which are now in force and not altered by this act,

Bull be applied, practised, and executed, for the railing, levying, cohefling, recovering, paying, and applying, the said duties according to the true intent and meaning of this prefettt aas fully and effcdtuatty, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re enadkd in the body of this prefeotadl.

**TTT A

44 Anno vicesimo Gsoroii IIL c.26, — 28. [1780,

Continuance IH. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore ctf this act. fajd, That this a shall continue in force until the thirty first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

CAP, XXVI

An ast for repairing, enlarging, and preferring the harbour of Aberyft* with, in the county of Cardigan.

CAP. XXVII

An act for buildinga bridge acrob the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the county of Hereford.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on

vertisementt, and certain duties on receipts for, or for any

Jbare of a ptrfonal estate divided bp force of the of

buttons, or the custom of any province or place.

Most gracious Sovereign

Preamble. w7 E y°ur majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing, by the most easy means, the necefliury supplies to defray your majesty's public. expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties and sums of money herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a Hem after June X bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after o, the fol the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, lobepaitho* L crebe ra, e levied, collected, and paid, throughout fais Majesty > kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and focceflors,

an additional For every advertisement to be contained in the London

duty ot 6d. Gazette, or any other paper printed in Great, to be dispersed

Sfementu*ant ma Public weekly or oftener, over and above all other rates and duties now imposed, there be charged an additional duty of (ixpence:

For every advertisement to be contained in or publifticd with any paper or pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed or made public yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time exceeding one week, over and above all other rates and duties now imposed thereon, there be charged an additional duty of sixpence: a duty on _ For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or receipts for le piece of paper, upon which any receipt or other discharge for wl? cafter ^e8ac7^by any will, or other testamentary instrument, or the following fr any share or part of a personal estate divided by force of the ratej statute of distributions, or the custom of any province or place,

shall be ingracted, written, or printed, the amount whereof shall

not

if So.) Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 28. 45

not exceed the value of twenty pounds, a lamp duty of two not exceeding Shillings and (ixpence; and where the amount thereof shall be *°1 — ** di of the value of twenty pounds, and not amounting to one hun 00*1 oi. dred pounds, a lamp duty of five Shillings; and where the ^° amount thereof shall be or the value of one hundred pounds wards, aos. and upwards, a stamp duty of twenty Shillings be charged thereon.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties to be That, for the better and more effectual levying, collefling, and under the paying, all the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management, of the com" "

for the time being appointed to manage the duties stamps. charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to use and provide such (lamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this al in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

ISLAND, for better securing the faidstamp duties hereby imposed, Parchment be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all vellum, C to be parchment, or paper, upon which any such receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will, or other testamentary in officc^mce ftrament, or any part thereof, or for any share or part of a per damped, be fooal estate, divided by force of the statute of distributions, or fore any re the cuftotn of any province or place, or any part thereof, shall, <*!* fr before the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, be brought to the head office for (lamping and marking of vellum, parch ten or pnm^ toent, and paper; and the said commissioners, by themselves or thereon, their officers, shall from time to time damp or mark as this ak directs, any quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon payment ot the said duty, the said duty to be paid by the per (boor persons giving such receipt or other discharge; and if Receipts, if any receipt or other discharge, so hereby directed to be stamped, not proper!y shall not be marked or stamped as by this act is directed, or shall be marked or stamped for a lower duty than as aforesaid, cvsenos 00 such receipt shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good, useful, or available, in law or equity.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, usual allow that the same allowance shall be made on present payment of an to be. the several duties granted by this act, in such manner as by any maje^law relating to damped vellum, parchment, and paper, {£ent? iidireded and allowed.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That stamps may fach stamps as the said commissioners are hereby directed and be altered and authorised to provide and use, shall and may bettered and renewed

4 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 28.

ncwed in such manner as any other stamps on vehum, parchment, or paper, are by, any former law reflating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed.

IF any perfoti VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforefind, shall cou£ter That if any person should counterfeit or forge, or procure to be dhcdetll to be counterse, ted or forged, any sea!, stamp, or mark, directed or used by this allowed to be used by this act for the purpose of denoting the act, Sic. with duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble intent to de the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his ma iefty such trr Jety> h b^rs and successors, of any of the said duties, or shall ion shall suffer privately or fraudulently ufc any seal, stamp, or mark, directed death as a fe or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Ion. Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said dories j

every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

AH powers, VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, clauses, Sic. That all powers, provisions, articles, dauses, distribution of pe appointed by nalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things pre former acts feribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament stamp Suties, relating to the lamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, to^epin force shall be of full force and efsect, with relation to the rates and in railing, col duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution ltsting, C for tie rais, ng^ levying, collecting, and securing the said new fieslmpofed rates anc duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent by this act. and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively beeh hereby enacted, with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

fteeeiver ge VIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of, That the several rates and dutiesherem before granted, shah be forceda**' pad rom mc nt t*lc hands of the receiver-general

separate acor the time being of the duties on damped vehum, parchment, count of the and paper, who mall keep a separate and distinct account of the new duties, several rates and duties, and pay the same (the rrecef&ry charges into The ex °* rai^lrts> paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) Chequer, C nt the receipt of the exchequer, for the uses and purposes in*0 this act mentioned, at such time and in such manner as any

former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

A separate IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, account to That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor be kept, in of the fold receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all ©fficeof all moneys acting from the said several rates and duties, artd moneys pro paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate duced by this and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; How to be and the said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as applied. aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of

parliament

47

1786.] amo vicesimo g^orgii III C ig.

parliament for this purpose, bo a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are difedted to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present feflton of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain Jum of money by way of annuities, and for eflabmjhing a lottery.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pirfaufued That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be in lh«j***?*

Ibed, ftiolefted* or prosecuted, for anything by him or them °* ** " done or executed in purfoance of this actor of any clause, a9matter or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general htue, and give the special matter in roy pl«ad th evidence for his or their defence j and if upon the trial a verdict 8encral ^'ue» shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defen and recover dams shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, agamft treble colb. such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX

An act to protest goods or merchandise, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on board neutral vejflls bound to neutral ports, during the present hostilities.

WHEREAS, during the present hostilities with France, the preamble.

islands of Grenada and the Grenadines have been taken by the French King: and whereas it is just and expedient to give every possible relief to the inhabitants and proprietors of efates in the faii islands: may it therefore please yoof Majesty that k may bo enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confeftt of the fords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflenv bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and Goods the after the passing of this present act, 'no goods or merchan produce or dize of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the said islands manufa&urt of Grenada or the Grenadines, whkh shall be found on board °*

any neutral hip of vessel bound from any of thd said islands to dine, on " any neutral port, nor any such ship or vessel on board whkh board neutral such goods or merchandise shall be laden, if taken by any of his ve(tels bound majesty's ships or vessels of War, of by any private ship of northwest vessel having letters of mark or general rcprizals, shall be 5>le'to con liable to confiscation or condemnation as lawful prie; anything demnation at in an act made in the last feilion of parliament, (entitled, Ah prize act for the encouragement ofseamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, ) or any other law or Aatute, to the contrary thereof in anywise nofwithftandmg.

IL And, in ordet to ascertain that thi said goods and merchandise jvfafter of Me really and bona side of the growth, produce, or mamfafture, of every such vea at tf the said islands, be it further eftadted by the authority aforem before be m. That the matter, commander, or other person having the !?***? **!? ?** charge of fitch ship or vessel, 'Audi, before hit departure from \£ fooled

any

48 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 29* [1780.

with a mani any port or place in the said islands, be furnished with a manifest specifying fc; wr; tingt specifying the particulars of the whole cargo of lucan fqch ship or vessel, with the marks and numbers of each pack c*containing the same, as also the port or place to which such

ship or vessel is bound $ which manifest shall be subscribed by any five of the following persons; (videlicet, ) Charles Grants which manifest William Johnfion, Alexander Scott, James Stewart, William Nicoli, fhmllbefub William Lucas, Alexander Symfon, Samuel Williams, John Nelfonf scribed by five Qeorge Campbell, Robert jtbrelfal, Henry Palmer, John Pegus, perioiis. Alexander Fraser, James Wilkinson, John Lefsly, David Mill, Thomas Campbell, Edmund Thornton, Fergus Paterson, James Campbell, Alexander Cockbum, David Toung, Alexander Campbell, Ninian Home, Edmund Proudfoot, James bailie, Patrick Maxwell, Thomas Townfend, Robert Bogle, Richard Oliver, James Taylor, William Smithy Alexander Stewart, Frederick Corfar, Robert Lang, jobncastles, Andrew Irvin, Robert Harvey, Peter Gordon, Andrew Grant, Joseph Gumming, John xjrqubart, Peter Pegus, John Grant, Ifany such Walter Todd, all of which persons reside in the said iflands5 and taken bn any chor and be taken or surprised on her voy king diip, or age ty any f nis majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any privateer, on private ship or vessel having letters of mark or general repri producing the fals, then the mattet or commander, or other person having the the matain**0 c*iar85b such (hp or shall produce such manifest to the dj.^eftaube captain, or other commanding officer, of any of his majesty's immediately ships or vessels of war, or to Hie matter or commander of such rtleafed. private ship or vessel having such letters of mark or general reprisals, who shall immediately release such neutral (nip or vessel, and the goods and merchandizes on board the same; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Goods found III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

on board any That no goods or merchandise, ox the growth, produce, or

d|f0fed^Cm nwnufacture, of the said islands, which shall be found on board

veymg the011" any drogher or other vessel, employed for conveying the same

same from from one hay of the said islands to another, for the purpose of

bay tobay, C loading the lame on board any neutral ship or vessel, for any

not liable to neutral port, shall be liable to confiscation or condemnation as condemn.. lawful pize.

This act not IV Provided always. That nothing contained in this a to protest any stall extend, or be construed to extend, to protect from con vessels, except demnation any goods or merchandise which shall be found on their whole board any ships or vessels which may have taken in any part of taken in*at t^c*r la "m88 or cargocs at any other island than Grenada or the

Grenada or Grenadines, the whole of which loadings or cargoes shall be liable

the Grena to confiscation and condemnation as lawful prize; anything in dines this act to the 'contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Nor to affect V Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing con thefentenceof tained in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ny vice ad affect any sentence of any court of vice admiralty respecting any pierioumo*1 goods or merchandise of the growth, produce, or manufacture, June 1, 1780. of the said islands of Grenada and the Grrnadines3 that may have

beeq.

tj8o*] Anno rlcefimo Georgii III C jo. 49

been, or may be, condemned by any such court, ori or before the M day of Junt> one thdufand seven hundred and eighty.

VI Provided also, That no captain, or other commanding Commander officer of any of his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or the not

matter or commander of any private ship or veflfel having let liable to any ters of mark or general reprisal, shall be liable to any suit or action for de action for or on account of having detained any ships or vessels, ta, n, ns vcffdi gdods or merchandise, which, by virtue of this acts, are not subject to confiscation, in case it (nail appear that such captain they were Igor other commanding officer of any of his majesty's ships or norant of the Vessels of war, or such matter or commander of any private ship pacing thereof or veflfel having letters of mark or general reprisal, has not had the wptuxe knowledge of the patting of this act at the time of the capture; cp9provided that such captain or other commanding officer, or such matter or commander, shall immediately, on receiving notice of this act, make full and complete restitution of such ships or vessels, goods or merchandise, to the owners thereof, according as the case may be.

CAP. XXX

An act for granting to his Majesty fevtral additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kngdom.

Most gracious Sovereign

WE, your majesty's mo dutiful and loyal subjects, the preambwj commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing by the most easy means the neeeflary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the fevetal rates, duties, and importions, herein after mentioned J and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the aduice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, ia this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the tenth day of" aftermay la Majy one thousand seven hundred and eighty, over ahd above *78?» thf/?u* all subsidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other fubfldies, o^riuticfto* additional duties, and impofltions, whatsoever, due and payable be laid on for all wines and vinegar imported into Great Britain by any wines and act or acts of parliament now in force, there shall be raised, vmegar im levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and sud siwbrixa* ceffors, (before landing thereof) the additional impositions, rates, 9

or duties, following, without any discount or deduction inwards whatsoever5 (that is to say, )

For every tonne of french wine and french vinegar which shall On French be imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds % and "northeast so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity: tor *

alio for every tonne of all other wines and vinegar imported ana 0n all into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds; and so after that other wines rate for any greater or lesser quantity. and vjnegart

Vol. XXXIII E Provided

50

No additional duty to be laid on damaged wines.

Anno vicesimo G&ORGII III C 50. [i 78a/

II Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay any farther duties Upon wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and' for which the merchants or importers thereof shall refufeto pay or secure the duties; and which by an act, paflfed in th twelfth year of the reignof his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for the improvement of his Majeflfs revenues of cu Jioms, excise, and inland duties; ) are, on such refafal, directed to be received into the custody of proper officers of the cuftofrts* to be publicly sold, in order to be distilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III And it is hereby further enabled by th authority aforesaid, That the said additional duties herein before granted, shall be also subject and liable to an additional import or duty of five

onal impost of pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same re 3 percent in gulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to hi Majesty, by an act, made in the last fefikm of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to hit Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the cujtoms and excise in Great Britain.

IV And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the said several duties and impositions herein before granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such manner and form, and by such ways, means, and methods, and under/uch penalties and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by this act, ) as the former duties now payable to his Majesty upon such articles respectively, are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, respectively, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and the same (hail be under the management and direction of the respective commissioners of the customs, and their officers, for the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the customs in England, and shall be by him paid (the necessary charges of railing, collecting, and answerihg the same, only excepted) into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned.

The duties abovementioned liable to an additi

the same manner as the additional duty of 5 percent, granted by 19 Geo. 3, C 15.

Duties to be levied and recovered in the same manner as former du t*m

and to be under the management of the commissioners of the customs, ca

separate acv. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That count to be there shall be provided and kept in the ofllce of the auditor of, ausitor's of C rece*pl of Exchequer, a book or books, in which all the fice of aft mo moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid niespaid inby into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues,

.. as

minority or this act. Application thereof.

1780.] Anno ylccfimo geosgii III C 3 IV 5$

as ball be granted by an act or of this fefrori of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and atl such other charges and expenses as are directed' to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for ratfing a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for eftabltjhing a lottery.)

VI Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the Upon toe ex authority aforesaid. That upon the exportation of any sort of porta|.lon of wine from this kingdom to any part or place beyond the seas, f^mvhu as merchandise, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a draw kingdom, ex back of all the before men tinned duties paid upon the impor porter to be tation of such wine, by virtue of this act; which drawback or whack of allowance shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, au\hea<lties regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as any ia', d thereon by former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of this act. customs, upon the exportation of such wine, was, could, or might be made before the pasting of this act.

CAP. XXXI

Jn act for allowing a bounty on the exportation ofbritish corn and grainy in ships the property of persons of any kingdom or salt in amity with his Majesty.

WHEREAS much of the hipping of this kingdom, built in Preamble.

times of peace for the purposes of commercey is nowy in the present time of war and boftilitiesy employed in transporting your*'

Majejlfs troops andjloresy and many ships and veffelsy through the spirited exertions of your Majesty's subjectsy are converted into private ships of war as also great numbers of feametiy taken from the merchants service, are in like manner employed: and whereas, from these and other cffefls of the wary the exportation of corn and grain from Great Britain is so far interruptedy that it cannot tiowy with advantage to the farmer and merchant, noiwithflanding the bounty granted thereony be exported in British flapping, the master and two thirds at leaf of the mariners being your Majesty's fuhjcfts: may it therefore pleafeyour Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this act, there be Exporters of allowed to the exporters of corn and grain, who shall export the British com in same in ships or vessels that are the property of persons of any kingdom or dates in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or fuc flavin am: ty ceffors, one moiety of the bounty or bounties respectively which with hisma is or are, by the laws now in being, directed to be allowed to iefty, to be al the exporters of corn and grain the growth of Great Britain, CX ^afboul^c ported in British shipping. " ....

II Provided always. That the said bounty or bounties be al ty paid lowed and paid under the like conditions, regulations, and under the like restrictions, as by the laws now in being are directed to be co»ditions, C observed m the case of the said corn or grain exported in British

E 2 shipping \ {jflj shipping

a'

$2 Anno vicclltno Georgii III C 32, 33. [1780#

shipping j and that the tollector, or other proper officer at the ports orplaees in this kingdom from whence the same shall be exported, do first roceive full and satisfactory proof that the said corn or grain, for which the bounty hereinbefore allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely, without mixture of any other, the growth of Great Britain.

Cuhtinuance III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ot this act. That this act shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

CAP XXXII

An act for enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twentieth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for building a bridge cro(s the river Thames from the parish of Walton upon Thame*, in the county of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the county or Middlesex.

Preamble. Act so Geo. z. recited. Michael Dicker Sanders, of Exeter, i in powered to take the following tolls. Toll to be paid eve*y time tbo bridge is passed over. How to be levied. Penalty on persons unloading carts, C to evade the tolls. o feet to be left for the paibge of the water. A temporary bridge may be erected. Tolls for passing over the same. Temporary bridge to remain no longer than the bridge shall be rebuilt. Powers of former act eki ended to this act. Limitation of aftiohs. General ilfue. Treble costs. Public act.

CAP. xxxltl.

jtn ail to explain and amend an ail, made in the ftventeenth year tf, the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to repeal an

Preamble. Recital of tj <fco*s>c.59.

Act t Geo. 3, clerks of the xing's court of chancery, 'and for erecting offices tui rebuilding for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the

better

aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Kitlg Charles the Second, intituled, 44 The matter of the rolls empowered 44 to make leases for years, in order to new build the old kt houses belonging to the rolls J" and for the better regulating the method of granting leases of the said rolls ettate for the future; and for making compensation to the earl of Macclesfield and fa Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial rights and interests in certain leases made of the rolls ettate; and for regulating the method of making leases of the said ettate for the? future.

WH E R E A S by an act, puffed in the feveiiteenth year of tki reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to repeal an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Xing Charles the Second intituled, The master of the rolls empowered to make Uafcs for years, in order to new build the old houses belonging to the rolls; and for the better regulating the method of grantingleafes of the said rolls ettate for the future; and for making compensation to the earl of Macclesfield, and sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial rights and interetts in certain leases made of the rolls ettate; and for regulating the method ot making leases of the said ettate for the future; ) it is, amongst other things, recited. That by an act, passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, [entitled. An act for rebuilding the office of the six

1780.] Anno vicesimo.georgii III C 33. 53

better preserving the records, decrees, orders, and books of ac the six clerks count, kept in such offices, ) it was, amongst other things, enabled, office

That out of the securities purchased with the surplus money placed to s the account of interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of an ait of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, therein mentioned, and out of the interests produced, and to be produced, from such securities; and also out of the securities purchased with the surplus money placed to the account of interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of an act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, therein also mentioned, and out of the interest produced? and to be produced, from such securities; and out of the surplus interest which should arise or be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said several acts of the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, and ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, therein mentioned; and out of toe interest which should arise or be produced from securities to be purchased in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth year of the reign of the present King 1 fuco sum and sums of money as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or lords commissloners for the custody of the great sea of Great Britain, for the time being, should in bis and their discretion deem necessary, should be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, and be applied under the direction of the said court, in the first place, in paying and defraying the charges and expenses in obtaining the said act, and then in rebuilding the said office called The Six Clerks Office, with the offices thereto belonging, and in purchaftng ground and botefes for that purpose, if any should be deemed necessary by the said court, and in providing a proper place for transacting the bufenefs of the said six clerks office during the time such office should he rebuilding; and the sum of ten thousand pounds in ere ft proper and convenient offices

for the said regifier and accountant gineral of the said court, separate, and detached from each other, and in pur chasing such ground and houses as should be necessary for those purposes, and for preserving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the Jaii court: And it is also, recited, That by an act, passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for vesting part of the garden of the t3ge0.fcc.ss* society or lincoln!s inn, in the county of Middlesex, in the accountant general of the court of chancery, and his successors for ever, for the purpose of erecting thereon offices for the accountant general, and for the regirter of the said court, ) it was enabled. That the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining that act should be paid and defrayed out of the same funds, and in like manner as the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining the said act of the fourteenth year of the reign f his present Majesty are thereby directed: and it is also recited, Thai by an act, pajjid in the j'aid fifteenth year of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for applying the funds provided for rebuilding the fs

offices of the six clerks of the king's court of chancery by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for rebuilding the office of the sin clerks of the King's tours of chancery, and for crefting offices for the regjjler V £3 and.

Anno vicesimo gso&gii III c.3j: £1780.

and accountant general of the said courts for the better prejervmgthe records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in sich offices; ia building offices for the said six clerks in the garden of lincoln inn, inttead of rebuilding the present six ejerks office in chan eery lane; and for other purposes)) is enabled. That out of the security spur chased with thefurplus money mentioned in tlxfaid recked aft, and out of .the interej\ produced, and to be produced, rr securities; and out of the Jurplys interest produced, and to be produced from securities purcbofed in pursuance of the several acts in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty mentioned; and out of the interest produced or to be produced, from securities pur chased in pursuance of the said act fitch, sum andfurns of mnpy as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or lords com miffitoners for the cujlody of the great seal of Great Britain, for the time being, Should in his and their discretion deem necessary, Should bt paid by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, and be applied under the direction of the said court, in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the pajfwg and obtaining of that act and in pterchafing of the said ground belonging to the society of lin eoln's inn, therein mentioned and described, and in building thereon an office for the said six clerks, and the offices thereto belongings as wall as in carrying into execution the purpojes of the said act C the fourteenthyear of his present Majesty, except Jo much thereof as relates to the rebuilding of the said six clerks office in the place where the same then flood, and except so far as the said act of the fourteenth year offri$ present Majesty is thereby altered and varied; and by the said act, of s the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is asso recited That the ground for building the offices for the six clerks, and for the rtgifier and accountant general of the court of chancery, had been purcbofed, and the feud offices for the regifier and accountant general had .been erected, and so far completed and finished that the, business of those offices then was and had for sometime been carried on and transacted therein \ and that all the several purposes of the said three acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty had been in a great measure answered and fatisfiedby and cut of the funds providedtor the same by those acts, and would in a very Short time be fully answered and faiisfied thereout, except that the said sum of ten thousand pounds, mentioned in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, had been found not to be fully Jufficient ta anfwtr and jatisjy the purposes intended thereby \ it was therefore enabled, [amongjl other things, ) That, from and after the time when the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the hrds commissioners for the cujlody of the great seal of Great Britain, Should deem the purposes of the said acts, of the fourteenth andfifteenth years of his present Majesty, . to have been fuhy satisfied, the surplus interefi arising, and which Should arise, from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second; and the surplus interefi arising, which Should. arise, from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fifth, year of his present Majesty 5 and the interefi arising, and which ftmuj arise, from n\onies placed out in pursuance of the said act of the four \ tcentb

1780.] Anno viacfimo georou III e-33> 65

ttentb year of his present Majesty, hall and may, by an order or orders of the said court of chancery 4 o he made for that purpoje, be appropriated and appliediti and to the roijin* and discharging of the fever a! fiints of money in the said act of the /eventeenth year of jhe reign of his present Majesty dire fled to be raffed and paid: and whereas, notwithstanding the said sum of ten thousand pounds has been found not to be Efficient to anftver andjatisfy the purpoje s intended by the said p ft oj tpe fourteenth year of the frejent King and as so recited in the said a of the seventoenlhyear of the prefont King yet there is no provi fen m the said lafi mentioned, aft enabling the lord high chancellor of jbritgip, or.the lord keeper or lor fa commissionersfor the custody of the great foal of Britain, *? make any order for the raising

and paying any further or greater sum than the said sum of ten thou jotti sounds out of the funis providedfordndlding offices for the send rtgijltr% and for the accountant general of the said court of chancery; hyreason whereof dbe fsirpofes of the said qfls of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty carved iefitiisfed* orb deemed' to be fatisfiedy and no order or orders of the find court of cbdnoery can be made for applying the said surplus interest to the discharging the Jams of money d'tressed to be applied by the said act of the seventeenth *

bis. present Majesty y nor can the said lafi mentioned act be carried into execution, unless a power be given to the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or lords.commissioners for thexuflody of the great seal of Great Britain, to satisfy the purposes of the said former act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty; be it therefore cnadied by the king's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords jphrijual and temporal, and commons, in present parliament aflbmbled, and by the authority of the same, That, out of the funds in and by the said Court of chan recited acts, or any of them, ipentioned, it shall and may be ctjy i"?p°xfe, r' lawful for the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the pens of lord keeper, or lord^<6mnii(tioners for the custody of the great he charge of seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any order or orders patting this of the said court of chancery, to direct the payment of the act, out of any charges and expenses attending the patting and obtaining this Herrin mw a, and such further sum or sums of money, not exceeding the tioned, and*sum of three thousand pounds, over and above the said sum of also a further ten thousand pounds, in order to answer and satisfy the pur sum of 3, 000!. poles intended by the said act of the fourteenth year of his pre lu^iofthe sent Majesty, for the ereiting offices for the accountant general, rec^ncdva of and the register of the said court, and for the purchase of the i^geo. 3. ground whereon the same (land, in such manner as to the said lord high chancellor, or the lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain, shall seem meet; anything in the said recited acts, or aqy of them, contained tq the contrary notwithstanding.

e4 CAP.

56 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 34. [ 1780,

CAP. XXXIV

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; an,

, regulating the exportation of [apt to the Jfle of Man.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. \X7E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subje<$s, the

VV common? of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties on salt hereinafter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority After May io, of the same. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one 1780, the tol thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, d^esstocbe col|ed^ed9 and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs laid on salt and successors, for and upon all salt, (over and above the rates videlicet, 9and duties now due or payable thereon by any actor acts of parliament now in force, ) the several additional rates and dutie^ following; that is to lay,

J. halfpenny For every gallon of salt, not being of the prodqdt or mantk per gallon on failure of Great Britain, that shall be imported, from and after all foreign salt the said tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and imported: eighty into any part of Great Britain, the sum of twopence

halfpenny of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the importer or importers thereof; and after that rate tor a greater or lesser quantity:

id. farthing For every gallon of fair, and rock fak, that, from and after per gallon 01} the said tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and all salt and eighty, shall be made at any salt works, or be taken out of any made C in P or p*ts> n lat Part Britain called England, jvales%

England or ankle town f Berwick upon Tweed, the sum of one penny Wales; farthing of like lawful money; and aft$r that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

3d. per buftel For every bumcl of salt, that, from and after the said tenth on all salt day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be made. Sec. made at any salt works, or be taken out of any pit or pits, in in Scotland; {|, at part Of qrf(lf Britain called Scotland, the sum of threepence of like lawful money; and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity:

and yd. per And for every bushel of salt, that, from and after the said bushel on all tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, salt imported shall be imported from Scotland into England, ivales, or the town *r*!^0|t, ad of Berwick upon Tweed, the sum of feveri pence; and after that or Wales. rate *ot a grater or lesser quantity; to be paid by thp iqfiporter or importers thereof;

which

j jio<] Anno viccflmo Georgii III C 34. 57

which aid several and rcfpcflive additional rates and duties, The said du herein before granted, shall and may, from time to time, be ^dtn^r1c* charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, vitred" &ct?n and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by such the same man ways and means, gnd pnder such management, and subject to nerasthe prc. such penalties grid forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging f*nt duti«* and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and fubjcdt to such allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, and di rc&ons, in all respects (not otherwise directed by this act) as the present duties on salt are or can, by any law or statute now in force, be charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recover secured, and paid, as fully and effedlually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the several and respectivfe'powers, authorities, methods, penalties, forfeitures, fines, powers of recovery, and mitigation of penalties, forfeitures, and fines, allowances, repayments, drawbacks, rules, regulations, directions, daufcs, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enadlcd in the body of this present at.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Produce of That the moneys arising by the said several additional rates and the duties to datics, herejn before by this act granted, shall, from time to

time, be paid into the repeipt of his majesty's exchequer by ^

the respective commissioners for the duties bn salt in England and Scotland for the time being, at such times, and in such manner, as the present duties on (alt are by any law now in force directed to be paid, the necessary charges or railing, collecting, and accounting for the same, being deaqdled, ) for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, distinct and apart from all other hionies which such commhfiopers respectjvely shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that there^separate shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the account said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the thereof to be moneys arising from the aforesaid rates and duties, and paid kepf: , n, the into the receipt of exchequer as aforesaid shall be entered, fepa or *0 -

rate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and thp said money, so paid into the said receipt of How to^ap exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, plied, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any actor acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an a3 of this present session of parliament, intituled, An or for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities and for establish hi 0 lottery.

III And whereas by an ar m<uje in the second and third Recital of an jtm of the reign of her late maiejly queen Anne, intituled, An act act % Sc j

for the better securing and regulating the duties upon salt, it is Ann.

[omongft other things) enacted and declared, That any ptrfon export tug salt to the Isle of Man according to the dirtrions of the several ffls relating to the said duties upon salt is and flail be entitled to a

drawback

Anno vicccnjo g^prgil III C 34. [1780.

drawback of the duties of the salt so Reported, in such manner as in cqfe of tie exportation of salt tq any other foreign parts: and whereat great fumt of money art paid out of his Majesty's duties upon salt on account of debentures for British salt slipped to be exported to the Isle of Man, and it is found, by frequent experience, that great part of fitch Jdlt has been fraudulently put on jhcre. and, relanded in Great Britain, without being carried to the Isle of Man, by which evil proflicex his Majesty's aid duties are very rrjuch lejjeued\ far No drawback remedy whereof, be it enaftpd by the authority aforesaid, That, to be allowed from ?id f fter the said tenth dy of ij/tfv, ipne .thousand ievea °jjxp°rta^on Hundred and eighty, no debenture (bail Ve fi)?jdeor granted, Isle of Man, *or drawback' allowed tq be paid. Tor or upon account of the until a proper exportation of any salt or rock salt fpr" the fjleqf Man pqtiltbe certificate thall exporter of the said salt or rock salt shall produce so the officer ^JS0**0* appointed to make out fu^h debenture, a certificate, under ytfle I thereof in^he f chf officer of the ciiftoms of the port or place .in 1 said island. the Isle of Man where such salt shall be landed, or of the padop 1

executing such office, of the particular quantity of salt or rock, salt kdlually landed, .to be computed after the rate of fifry fi pounds weight to the bushel jn case the same (hail be wb*e salt, and after the rate of sixty jfive'pounds to the bofhel, in, cafjc j the same shall be rock falf> whiph salt, and rockhalt, is hereby di're&ed and required to be weighed by the said chief officer, qri person executing such office, who shall, without delay, make. out and deliver a certificate thereof as aforesaid, gratis j

No drawback IV And it is hereby enabled, That no drawback shall be halbe allow allowed or paid for more felt oir rock salt of.she quantity export 1 Ck ^or.more ed, than what shall appear by such certificate to have been tity°aftually*1* ac*uahy fended in the Isle of Man anything in the said *61, at landed there, any other law or stature, to The contrary in any wise notwitb j (landing.

The exporter V And whereas white salt and rod }alty in the exportation to the \ to have au al je Of Man, are liable to waftey he it therefore enacted by the j four bushels authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of 1 for every forty Mayy one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon producing] exported of such certificate as before required from the chief officer of the j white salt, and customs of the port or place in the Isle of Man where any white for^verv^o/ty^or roc exportc(* from Great Britain shall be landed, or of rock salt.^from the person executing such office, of what quantity of white salt and rock felt wasaftually landed there, the exporter or proprietor of such white salt and rock salt shall have an allowance of four bushels for every forty bu(hels of white felt, and of two bushels for every forty bushels of rock felt, put on board in order to be exported to the Isle of Man, in consideration of the ordinary waste in the carriage thereof, to be allowed upon the debenture before mentioned, over and above the quantity certified to have been landed in the Isle of Man as aforesaid, and no other or greater allowance for or in respect of such wade \ any other law or statute to the contrary in any wise not with ftandin*.

Proviso. VI Provided nevertheless, That no debenture shall be made

out

'1 1780j Annp ri^cfimo georjgh IIL C 34. qq

our or granted to the exporter of such salt or rock salt, for more than the quantity actually shipped, although the certificate of the quantity of salt landed in the lflt of Man, together with the alliance for waste on the salt itiipped as aforesaid, shall amount fdjnort.

VII And be it farther enaflted by the authority aforesaid, Regulations to That, from and after the said tenth day of May, one thousand '

ben hundred od eighty, in c^fe any (alt or rock salt, shipped thall^be for exportation to the IJU of Man, (the duties whereof shall sunk at sea, or have been paid or secured to be paid according to the direction taken by the of the laws now in force relating to the said duties on Alt, ) shall enemy happdilo perifti by linking of the ship or vcflcl on which the hxne shall be fe shipped and laid on board, or shall be takp n by meaies, then, and in such case, the exporter or proprietor of bch kit or rode salt, so perishing or lost, shall, upon proof made before the justice tof the peace at she general quarter felqons of ke peace, to be held for the county., city, tiding, division, or piece, from whence be same shall be So exported, of the lqfs of bch felt so shipped, : receive from the said sessions a certificate,

(which the hud joftjoes are hereby authorised and required to pant, ) that such^proof was made before them, and upon pro facing the said certificate to the officer of the place where the faty on such fob shall have been paid, or secured to be paid, hchfecuiky shall; be discharged, and so much money as was adualiy paid for the duty on the said lait, shall be repaid upon femaad by the foid officer, without foe or reward, provided such proof to be made a? aforesaid, shall be made by two credible rimefles upon oath, within two years next after such loss qr apwre as aforefoid 5 any other lavy or. statute to the contrary in nywife notwithstanding.

VIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the No drawback Btbority aforesaid. That there shall be no debenture made out, t ^5 a drawback allowed, for any salt or rock salt, to be landed in jjtthelfleof btip of Money after the said tenth day of May, one thousand Man, unless two hundred and eighty, unless the entry of the same (alt at the (amc aa xportation be made tor some port or place in the Ifie of Man *ntcred for ny other law or statute to the contrary in anywile not with ih^fe^sand. landing.

IX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Persont prose That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, he cufod in exe kd, molcftcd, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them cutwgthisa&, one or executed in pu(fuance*of this act, or of any clause, wter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall lid may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in may plead the pidexke for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a ver general issue,

ft shall oafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff rpbiatiffs Stall become nonsuited, then such defendant or de and recover ndstts shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against treble corfu chpblntiff or plaintiffs.

? A P,

6 o

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 35;

cap. XXXV

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malton i upon low wines and spirits made for home consumption, and ufo foreign spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the prod of the said ftveral duties, and for granting a duty on licences t 1 taken out by all persons trading in, vending, or selling of, cofn tea, or chocolate. '

Most gracious Sovereign,

i *I[TTE, y°ur majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjefis, th rreamb ev V commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, bo ing desirous, by the mod easy and effectual ways and means, 0 raise the necessary supplies for defraying your majesty's public! expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and gran and by this addo give and grant unto your Majesty, the fevd fal duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly 1 your Majesty that it may be enacted j and^be it enacted by tb king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and C sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in I present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the (an After May That frttot and after the thirtieth day of May, one thoufu 17s0, the fol? seven hundred and eighty there shall be raised, levied, colloi lowing addi c(j^ paid and satisfied, unto and for the use of his Majesty, W to tehidon ^eirs ark successors>^anc upon malt, the rates, dutie malt videli wait jmpqfitfons, hereih after mentioned; that is to say, I cet, '

6d. perbufliel For and upon every bushel of malt which at any timed on all malt times shall be made of barley, or any other corn or grain, witfo made in Eng jn that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and th ober^ks»* town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any perfpn or person whom r rw9soever, whether the same shall be qr hot be for sale, the sum d sixpence, and fa proportionably for any greater or less quantity to be paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively, over am above ail other rates, duties, and impositions charged or charge] able thereupon, or that may be payable for the same:

3d. per bushel And for and upon every butliel of malr^ which at ny timon ail malt or times shall be made of barley, or any other corn or grainy mae in cot wjt|1|n that part Of Great Britain called Scotland, by any period*or persons whatsoever, whether the same dull be or not be to

sale, the sum of threepence, and so proportionably for ard greater or less quantity*to be paid by the inaker or maketi thereof respectively, over and above all other rates, duties, atv| impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may IX payable for the same: and 3d. per And for and upon every buttle! of malt which at any. time oi buoici on all times shall be brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or tbf edvromtcot town f Berwick upon Tweed, the sum of throe.pence, and II land into Eng. proportionably for any greater or less quantity; over and abovi land, C*duty herein before granted upon malt made in Scotland arw

jto.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III 0.35* (?$

II other rates, duties, and impositions, charged or chargeable hereupon, or that may be payable for the same.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That here shall also be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, mantes, rcj nto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for tailers of tod upon every bushel of malt, whether ground or unground, malt, C for Bade of barley, or of any other corn or grain, belonging to any najtfter or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brew onmay 30,

J, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, either in 1780, in Eng. us, her, or their custody or possession, or in the custody or pof land nd jtfion of any other person or persons whatever in trust for him, ^alc#i an kr, or them, or for his, her, or their use, benefit, or account, n Scotland; C ppon the said thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred od eighty, the sum of Gxpence, in that part of Great Britain (riled England, waus^ and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and see sum of threepence in that part of Great Britain called Scot

ti, and so proportionably for any greater or less quantity; to.

paid by the person or persons respectively possessed of such iialt, over and above all other rates, duties, and impositions, gharged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for be same.,

i III Provided always. That the said additional duty, hereby to be paid in (reded to be imposed, raised, and satisfied to his Majesty on the thrcc separate (id malt, which shall be in the possession of any iucli persons pajriuents' pitt herein before described, on the said thirtieth day of May

shall be collected and paid in manner following; that is to say.

One third part thereof on the thirtieth day of June, one other third part thereof on the thirty first day of Julyy and the resuming third part thereof on the thirtieth day of Jugujl, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

. IV And whereas several malfiers, who have sold or contrasted for Regulations tit ale of malt, may not have delivered the same to the buyers thereof relative to before the said thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sale of*; ej%, and it is reasonalle that such buyers Should reimburse to the malt as will malfiers all such money as they Jloall have paid for the duty charged not be fulfilled threon by virtue of this afi \ be it therefore enacted by the au before May thoriry aforesaid. That, in all cases where any person shall have L *7%°' sold or contracted for the sale of any malt, and shall not have delivered the same to the buyer, or person who shall have contracted for the purchase thereof, before the said thirtieth day of lday% one thousand seven hundred and eighty, every such sale od contract shall, and is hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if this act had not been made; and the buyer or per ibn who shall have contracted for the purchase of any such malt,

shall, and is hereby required, at the time of the delivery thereof, to pay to the person who shall have sold or contracted for tbe&leof such malt (over and above the price agreed to be

ijiven for the same) all such money as shall have been charged or the duty thereon by virtue of this act.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All the powers a all c?nuined in

6i

former acts for collecting and recovering, C the duties on malt to be in force for come&ing and recovering the northeast duties.

Certain allowances to be made to common brewers out of the du t'w on malt $ videlicet,

Upon every barrel of beer or ale above 6 s. value, i s. 4d within London and West minder, and the bills of mortality;

and in all other parts of

Anno vicesimogeokgii HI. C £5. f r78c.

all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rates, methods, exemptions, deductions, bounties, penalties and forfeitures, clauses.. and things, which in and by an act, made ia the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty feverat duties upon malt; and for raising the sum of eight millions by way cf annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicate of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lefi, burnt, or otherwise defrayedj or as are contained in any other act or ach of parliament in the said aci mentioned or referred unto, or any of them, are provided, settled, established, prescribed, or directed, for managing, ascertaining, fecoring, compounding, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjusting, and settling, the duties thereby granted, or to the payment of rents payable in malt, or according to the price of malt, other than in such cases for which other directions are prescribed by this act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, ascertaining, securing, compounding, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjusting, and settling, the several and respective rates, duties, and impositions, by this act granted upon malt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, exemptions, deductions, bounties, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

VI And, for the better encouragement of common brewers and makers of beer or afe for sale, and to the end that no such brewer or maker of beer or ale may be under the necejfity to take any more in the price thereof, upon the retail of the same, than according to the usual rates and prices, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be paid and allowed, out of the moneys to arise by the said duties on malt, to every common brewer, or other person or persons who brew beer or ale, and sell or tap out the same publicly or privately, over and above all other allowances already given by any law now in force, the several and respective allowances herein after mentioned; that is to say.

The sum of one shilling and fourpence, upon every barrel of beer or ale, above six Shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, within the cities of London and Westminster, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger; and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity:

The sum of one shilling and eight pence, upon every barrel

of

1780.] Ahnd IIF. c.35. 6$

of beer or ale, above six (hihihfes thebarrel, exclusive of the du England, tic of excise, brewed by the cotiimon brewer, or by any other Wales, or ber person or persons who doth or (halt, sell or tap out beer or ale, p^arwi; *publicly or privately, in England) finales, or the town of r V wick upon Tweed, hot witty n the said cities of London and West. t mnfttr, nor within the weekly b?hs of mortality, and returned, by the gauger 5 and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity: '.

The Aim of fourpence, upon evtfy barrel of beer or ate, of Upon every six Shillings the barrel or under, brewed by the common brewer, .bar f. **cr or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out aqer °nde°r beer or ale, publicly or privately, throughout England, Wales, d. per bar*and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and returned by the rei: gauger; and foin proportion for any greater ot less quantity:

1 he sum of ten pence, upon every barrel of beer or ale, up°n every above six Shillings the barrrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, ^stouant* brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or per g v'^ fons who doth .or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or lue, iod.» privately, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, 2nd rttumed by the gauger; and foin proportion for any greater or Ids quantity:

The sum of sixpence, upon every barrel of twopenny ale, upeweveiy mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of barrd oftwo* union, brewed within that part of Great Britain catted Scotland, ev "

and returned by the gauger; and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity:

And the sum of threepence, upon every barrel of six Shillings an(j beer or ale, or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any every barrel other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tr.p out beer or for 6*.^ ale, publicly or privately, within that part of Great Britain or under a called Scotland, and returned by the gauger; and foin proper ' non for any greater or less quantity: .,

Which said several respective allowances for the said beer or ale, so brewed as aforesaid, shall be paid at the end of every four months respectively, after the duties shall have been paid for the same, and not sooner.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Common That if any common brewer, or other person or persons who brewers four brew beer or ale, and sell or tap out the same, publicly or pri sy^ento? watdy, shall, by himself or themselves, or by his or their agent the duties for or agents, at any time after the end of four months after he or arty beer or they shall have paid the duties for any beer or ale by him or br5j?e<1 them brewed after the said thirtieth day of May, one thousand j7go, on pro! fctta hundred and eighty, product to, and leave with, the daring a cer! odttedtor of excise of the county, shire, (lewartry, or place, tificate thereof where the beer or ale, for which the allowances are by this act to the L directed to be made, was brewed, and where the duties were0*01\cxci*paid for the same, a certificate or certificates from the officer who received the said duties, that the duties charged or chargeable upon the said beer or ale have been actually paid and that

6*

shall be forthwith paid the allowances before mentioned.

Moneys borrowed from any other fnnd to pay the aforesaid allowances how to be replaced.

After May 30, 1^80, the following additional dudes to be laid on spirituous liquor made in Great Britain for home consumption, or imported from abroad; videlicet

Low wines or spirits of the firstextraction, made from malt or corn or brewers waft, See. id. per gallon t

strong waters or aqua vit made of the materials aforesaid % per galion: low wines or spirits of the

Anno vioefioao Georgii lit. C 3$. [1786;

the same beer or ale was brewed since the said thirtieth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty, (which certificate the said officer is hereby required td giytgraih)\ then, and in every such case, the said collector shall, out of the moneys arising from the duties by this act 'imposed upon malt, forthwith pay to the person producing the said certificate, for every barrel of beer or ale mentioned therein, the respective allowances by this act in such case directed to be made; m.d.. in case the said collector shall not have sufficient money in his hands arising by the duty by this act imposed upon malt, to pay the same, then the respective commissioners for the said duty are hereby required to pay the said allowances out of the said duty upon malt arising by this act; and if at any time it shall happen that the said respective commissioners shall not have in their hands moneys, arising by the said duty, sufficient to pay the said allowances, then and in every such case the said respective commissioners shall pay the said allowances out of any moneys then in their hands. '

VIII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That whatever sum or sums of money shall be so paid by the respective commissioners, shall be replaced to the fund or funds from which the same was borrowed, out of the first moneys that shall arise and be received from and upon account of the duty on malt by this act imposed, in preference to all other payments whatever.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforefa'd, That, from and after the thirtieth day of May, one thousend seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughout the kingdom of great Britain, for the several kinds of spirituous liquors herein after mentioned, specified, and enumerated, which shall be made in Great Britain for home consumption, or imported into Great Britain from parts beyond the seas, over and above all duties, charges, and impositions, by any former act or acts of parliament thereupon respectively fet, rated, and imposed, the several additional rates and duties of excite herein after mentioned and exprested; that is to say,

For every gallon of low wines and spirits of the first extraction, made or drawn in Great Britain for home consumption, from any sort of drink or wah, brewed or made from any sort of malt or corn, or from brewers wah or tilts, or any mixture with such brewers wall or tilts, to be paid by vhe distillers or makers thereof, one penny:

For every gallon of strong waters, or Aqua Vita, made for sale, for home consumption, of the materials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof, threepence :

For every gallon of low wines or spirits of the first extraction, made or drawn in Great Britain, for home consumption, from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to

b?

to.] Anno vicesimo Georgii lit. C 35."

bejpaid by the distillers dr makers thereof, threepence:

For every gallon of spirits, made or drawn in Great Britain, for home consumption, from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof, twopence:

For every gallon of low wines or spirits, of the first extraction, made or drawn, for home consumption, from cyder, or any sort or kind of British materials, (except' those before mentioned), or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof, one penny three farthings:

For every gallon of spirits, made for sale, for home confamp don, from cyder, or any sort or kind of British materials (except those befort mentioned), to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof twopence:

For every gallon of (ingle brandy, spirits, or Aqua Vita, imported into Great Britain from beyond the seas, to be paid by the importer before landing, one shilling:

For every gallon of brandy spirits, or Aqua Vita, above proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain, from beyond the seas, to be paid by the importer before landing, two Shillings.

*5.

firstextra&ion» jnade from foreign materials, See. 3 d. per galion: (pirns, made of the afore said materials, 2d. per gallon

low wines or spirit of the firstextraction, made from cyder, Sec,

1 d. jq. per gallon s9spirits, made from cyder.

Sec. td. per

falion: ngle brand. See. imported,

1 s. per gallons double bran dy, per gallon.

X Andy for the better ascertaining, charging, colliding, raifingi levying, ana securing, the additional rates and duties by this act im pefei on the said spirituous liquors, and preventing frauds therein, be Duties on fpi it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the or^mponed* said rates and duties by this act granted, as are charged upon into, England, spirituous liquors made and manufactured in, or imported into, to be un enghndy Walts, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the re Jcr thc ma cjeipt and management of the commissioners of excise in jeng* thedomm^ land for the time being 3 and such of the said rates and duties as iioners of ex are imposed by this a upon spirituous liquors made and manu cife in Eng factored, or imported into Scotland, shall be under the receipt r

and management of the commissioners of the excise in Scotland £ eor for the time being; and the said respective commissioners of imported into, excise, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by coirr Scotland, to be million under their respective hands and seals, to constitute and under the appoint under them such officers as shall be neceflaryjn that be j^sootund?" half; and all moneys arifingby the said duties in Great Britain, Moneys anfing or any part thereof, (the necessary charges of raising and achy the said Counting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be to b paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at jvtfttninjier, j^he^uer^ diftinctiy and apart from all other branches of the public reve apart from all nue, subject and liable to the uses and purports herein after others, mentioned.

XI Provided always, and be it enabled by he authority Additional ifbresaid, That the additional rate or duty hereby charged upon duty °vta, l.v rum or spirits, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the British sugar plantations, imported into this kingdom, (hail be autice* paid and payable in such manner only, and under such regulations and restrictions, as the rates and duties of excise heretofore Vol. XXXIII F - chargc4

An additional

duty of 5 percent, to be *

laid on all the be fore mentioned duties;

which shall be collected and paid, Sec. agreeable to 19 Geo. 3 C

After July St 1780, sto be paid for every licence for Celling coffee, tea, or chocolate

and no person to sell any of the said goods without having taken out such licence.

Who fcatl grant such licences in England

Anno vicegmct geo.rglj III c.35. [1780;

charged on such rum or (pirits are now by law paid and payable.

XII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the several additional duties herein before granted on iqalt, on low wines and (pirits made for home consumption, and on fpi* rituoiis liquors imported into Great Britain, (lull be moreover subject and liable to an additional duty or impost of five pounds. per centum on the produce and amount thereof; and ttyat such additional duty or impost shall be raised and levied, collected and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules, regulations, powers and authorities, ways and ipeans, penalties and forfeitures, as the additional duty or charge of five pounds ptr centum, granted to his Majesty by an a made II the last feflioa of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties Aider the manage ment f the respective commissioners of thf customs and excise in Great Britain), are directed to be collected and paid; and all moneys arising by the additional duty or impost of five pounds per centum, by this act imposed, (the necessary charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, diftindriy and apart from all other branches of the public revenues, subjedi and' liable to the uses and purposes hereinafter mentioned. '

XIII Andy for the more effectual raising the said fapply granted to his said Majesty, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the fifth day of Jufyy one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of five Shillings for any licence to be taken out, in manner herein after mentioned, by each person trading in, selling or vending coffee, tea, or chocolate, or either of them.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the fifth day of Jufyy one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no person or persons whatsoever, who now, or at any time or times hereafter, doth or shall trade in, sell or vend, any coffee, tea, or chocolate, shall presume by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons whatsoever, employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicklyor privately, to trade in, sell or vend any coffee, tea, or chocolate, or either of them, without first taking out a licence for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they, shall trade in, fell, or vend, any coffee, tea, or chocolate; for which licence he, she, or they, shall, im roediatdy upon taking out thereof, pay down for the same the sum of five Shillings, in manner following; that is to say. If such licence be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, then such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty's comxniffioners for the duties of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duty for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London; bqt if such licences

u shall

*7$6.] Anrio ^icefim6"0fe6rglr lit C'6j

shall be taken but in any part of Ehgland or Walet not within the said limits, then such licencesto be granted underlie hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise, within their respective collections and districts; and the said duty of five Shillings (half be paid for the same to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted: and in and who Tit case such licence shall be taken but within the limits of the city Scotland, of Edinburgh; such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty*s commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person or persons as the the commiflsoners of excise in Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh; but if such licence shall be taken out in any Other part of Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise within their refpeetive Collections and diftri&sj and the duties for the same shall be paid to the collectors of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so'gfahted; ancf fach respective commissioners of excise, and the persons foto be appointed by them respectively, arid alio alf such col lectors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to graht and deliver such licences to the persons who shall apply for the same, upon their payment of'five Shillings for each licence.

XV And be it further dha&ed by the authority aforesaid Howlkerrcvi That every person or persons who shall take out any such licence are to be jca as aforesaid; is and are hereby required to take out a freflv licence ncw<d*

ten days at least befrire the expiration bf twelve calendar months after taking out the' first licence, before he, she, or they do presume to trade in, sell or vend, any coffee, tea, fr chocolate: and io the same manner to renew eveiy fach licence from year to year, paying down the like sum 6f five Shillings for ech and every new or renewed licence, inmam^r and at the places and times before mentioned: and if any person or persons shall, af Penalty on ter the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and felluig coffee eighty, presume or offer to trade in, sell or vend, any coffee, a >

tea, or chocolate, without first taking out such licence, and rer newing the same yearly in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they,

shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XVI Provided always, That persons in partnership - persontiiit tarrying on their trade or business of selling or vending coffee, pame./hip. tea, or chocolate, in one house or (hop only, shall not be obliged not obliged to take out more than one licence in any one year, for carrying |*kcout ***** on such trade; and that no licence which shall be granted by c^e°for gal virtue of this a. shall authorise or empower any penon or pef rying on trade fens, to whom the same shall be granted, to trade in, (ill, or in one house vend, any coffee; tea, or chocolate, in any other house or place, C

except in such hoiifes or places thereto belonging, wherein he,

Aie, and they shall inhabit and dwell at the time of granting suchbeence; *A'*

Fa XVII Anit

68 Anno vicesimo georou IIL C 35* [1780:

The duties ou XVII And, sir the bitter collecting, raising, levying, end finer licences to be ing, the duties by this eft impofii on linnets for dealing its, vending under the m. anj selling, coffee, tea, or chocolate; be it further enabled by the the commit authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties as are charged iioners of ex upon such licences in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick cife ip England upon Tweed, shall be under the management of the comtniffion.

^ptland crs and officers of his majesty's revenue of excise in England for re pectively» tfac tjmc being. ani such Gf the said duties as arc charged upon such licences jn Scotland shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of excise in Scotland for the time being $ which said several and respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, shall be his majesty's commissioners for granting such licences; and the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commission under their respective hands and seals, to constitute and appoint under them such officers as shall be necessary in that behalf; and and to be paid all moneys arising by the said licences, (the neceffarv charges of into the ex raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time chequer apart to time, fac paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, dif duttes. °thcr an apart fr°m a ot^cr branches °* lhe public revenues,

fubied and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

A separate XVIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, account to be That there shall be provided and Jtept in the office of the audi ausitoit* of or^exchequer, a book or books, in which

ficeofsll mo. the moneys arising from the said several rates and duties, and niei^pud in. paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate by virtue of and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, this act. fas facirs ad(j successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the How tpbe ap fajd money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore p ie*said, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues,

as shall be.granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this pqrpoie, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled. An act for raising a certain June of money by way of annuities, and for efiabhfinng a lottery.)

In case the XIX And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, produce of the That if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce bvtissaftmd*0^ le kvcral duties granted by this act, together with the feve other alts of ml other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted in this session of this session, parliament, for the payment of the several annuities of four prove in pounds per centum, and of one pound sixteen Shillings and three pay^tbeseveral Pence Per centum, in respect of twelve millions borrowed in annuities pursuance of an act of this present session of parliament, inti granted by tuled, An act sir raising a certain sum of money by way of ennui the lottery aft, ^gsj anj fqr eflabli/bing a lottery, ) shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the annuity to be due and paid on the said four pounds per centum annuities granted by the said act, for one quarter of a year, to the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and the several annuities of four pounds per centum from thenceforth payable half yearly, as also the said

an

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 35. 69

annuity of one pound sixteen Shillings and threepence per ten turn, to continue for eighty years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and then to cease, together with the other charges and expenses attending the said respective annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the same, at the end of any or either of the half yearly days of payment at Which the lame are directed by, the said act to be paid; then, f.. -. and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or defici cyfaju endes shall and may be supplied out of any of the moneys, which supplied out at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the of the sinking exchequer of the surplusses, excesses, overplus moneys, and other*revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are ap propriated to any particular use or uses, by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf, ) and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any time or times, before any moneys of the said fund, to be efiablilhed as aforesaid, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the moneys of the sinking fund, (except as before excepted, ) and be issued accordingly.

XX Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority which shall be

aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be issued out of the fink "p111 °* Ing fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the 5^ up first supplies to be then after granted in parliament. V

XXI Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority In case of any

aforesaid, That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder trie

of the moneys arising by the said fund, after the said several and payment ofter respective annuities, and all arrears thereof, are satisfied, or the annuities, money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose; such surplus the same shall or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the dif ** r*c?v^|/or position of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the autho |^j|sment? rity of parliament, and as shall be directed by future act or acts ^

of parliament; anything in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All the powers That all and every the powers authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, relative to the which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign duties of excise of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An act for taking away n C the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights andrecovenng fervid, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty the said duties, in lieu thereof) or by any other law now in force relating to his are to be ap majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are pll?.d, n provided, settled, or establiqied, for securing, enforcing, ma

staging, railing, levying, collecting, paving, mitigating, or reco the duties*vering, adjudging or alccrtaining, the duties or penalties thereby hereby grants

3 granted,

70 Anno vicesimo giorgh III C 56. 1780;

panted, and for preventing, detecting, and punifiitng frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act, shall be exercisets, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby.. granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as

if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act.

Penalty on XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Seers otexcife That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refiff, in executing oppose, molest, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise in the this act. due execution of the powers or authorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this 'act, every person or persons so doing shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

Penalties and XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, how to b? re That all finesr penalties, and forfeitures, impofedhy this act, covered and" ue fr recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways,

applied. means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

Persons sued XXV And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, for anything That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be

anceof this" ^ucc* or fr anything by him or them done or executed

in purfoance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or general issue, thcjr defence; and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the de and recover fendant or defendants, of the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become treble coils, nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded againff such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVI

An act for obviating doubts, touching the binding and receiving of poor children apprentices, in pursuance ofseveral a fis of parliament made for the relief of the poor within particular incorporated hundreds or diftrifls; and for ascertaining the settlement of baftori children born in the houjes of industry within such hundreds or dijlrifts.

Preamble. WHEREAS several ofis of parliament have of late years V V been made and faffed for the better relief and employment of tie poor in particular incorporated hundreds or aijlri8s% within that pari of Great Britain called England, whereby power is given to

i; 8o.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 3

bind poor children apprentices under certain reftriflions therein men itoned: and whereas doubts have arien, whether persons are compel hbli to receive find provide for such poor children as hall be appointed to be bound apprentices to them in pursuance of the aid acts; be it therefore enacted by the king's mpft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth After June *4, day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the respec 17*0, all per tive persons to whom any poor children shall be appointed to be fon# 1t*1?0* bound apprentices, in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament an

made and paflfed for the better relief and employment of the pointed robe poor in any particular incorporated hundreds or districts, within bound, in that part of Great Britain called England, shall, and they are pursuance of. hereby required to receive and provide for such children, ac relief of the cording to the indentures to be executed by the diredors and p00r in any acting guardians of the poor for such respective hundreds or particular di districts, for the binding of such poor children, in like manner as persons are now obliged by the laws in being to receive and ojjjjtopro. provide for poor children appointed to be bound apprentices by vide tor them, churchwardens and overseers of the poor, with the assent of two C justices of the peace, and also to execute the counterpart of such indentures respectively: and if any person, to whom any poor Penalty on child shall be appointed to be bound apprentice, in pursuance such persont of any such act of parliament as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to receive and provide.for such poor child, or to execute the puch children, counterpart of the indenture for binding such child as aforesaid, every person so refusing pr neglecting, upon proof of such refusal or neglect being made, by the oath of one of the diredors or acting guardians, or of some other credible witness, before any two justices of the peace *diqg in and for the county, liberty, or place, within which the incorporated hundred or district tp which such child belongs shall be fitijate, shall forfeit and pay to the diredors and acting guardians f the poor for such incorporated hundred or district.. to their treasurer or appointee, to be applied to the relief of the poor within the same, the sum of ten pounds; such penalty or forfeiture to be May be levied levied, by distress and sale of the goods of the person refusing or hy diftrefa. neglecting as aforesaid, by warrant under the hands tfnd seals of such justices; saving always tq the person, to whom any poor Appeal to the child shall be so appointed to be bound an apprentice, his or her quartertt/hon, appeal to the next general or quarter session of the: peacefor com^lwme that county, liberty or place, whose order therein shall be final, to take a poor II Provided always. That nothing in this act contained child appren* shall be construed to compel any person to take any fudvpopr child apprentice as aforesaid, unless such person shall be an tan^&c. 0fth* inhabitant and occupier of lands, tenements, dr here parish. ditaraents, in the pariflh to which such child belongs; and that baftard^b^rn all bastard children born or to be born in the house of ioduftry ^

within any fad*incorporated hundred or district? (hah be.deetn be'.ong^the ed to belong tp tb? pan(h qr place where tha. mother mothfri

fraftard child was legally settled. parish.

FC A p;

Preamble.

Recital of 19 Geo. 3. C io.

7*, Anno vicesimo Georgii III C yj. [1780.

CAP. XXXVII

An act to continue, for a limited time, so much of an act, made in the last fijfion of parliament, for the more easy and better requiting his majesty's land forces and marines, as relates to the encouragement oj volunteers

WHEREAS an act was made in the lost session of parliament, intituledan act for repealing an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty s land forces and marines; and for substituting other and more effectual provisions in the place, thereof; to continue in force until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer; and it is found expedient, that so much of the said act, as relates to the encouragement of volunteers, jhgutd be continued $ be it therefore enabled by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That^of the all the provisions, clauses, matters, and things, in the said a

relates to the Contained, so far as the same relate to the encouragement of encourage volunteers to enlist in his majesty's service, and the several pri mentof yolun vileges, immunities, and advantages therein given and granted teeratoinuft to'such volunteers, their wives and families, and also to the fty's fervtce^ me or which such volunteers shall be enlisted; and also all C continued provisions relating to the entering the names, descriptions, and until May i, terms of service, of every such volunteer, in the public book 178s. of the regiment or company to which he shall belong, on his being enlisted or draughted, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, continued from the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, until the first day of Map, one thousand fever hundred and eighty-two, ind from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were repeated and re enabled in this present abl.

CAP. XXXVIII

An act to vejl certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty S decks, ships, and Jlores, at 'plymouth and Sheerness 5 and sir better defending the passage of the river Thames at Graveferid and Tilbury Fort.

WHEREAS, by reason of the bojlile intentions of the courts of France and Spain to invade these realms, and of the great preparations made tn the said kingdoms for that purpose, it is become absolutely necessary, for the present andfuture protection and security, as well of his Majeflfs docks, ships of war, and Jlores, at Plymouth and Sheerness, as of the passage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, f erect and raise additional fortifications and in trenchments near the same: and whereas the lands herein after mentioned, lying near the said docks Plymouth and Sheerness and also near the passage of the river Thames at or near Gravesend and Tilbory Sort aforejaii, are wanted for the purpose of being made

*/«

Preamble.

georcsii IH. C

use tf to ere ft and raise Jvtb fortifications and intrtncbmenls: and whereas many of the owners and proprietors of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, necessary to be turchefed* may infifi on large and extravagant demands for the purchase of such lands tenements and kreditaments* or for the damage and injury they may pretend that they jboufufiain by reason of such foriipctittoth and intrenchments: and whereas many persons may pretend or claim to have title to the < same lands tenements or hereditaments* fi that it may be doubtful to whom a tompenfation ought to be made which cannot be determined without the aid of parliament; to the end therefore that the true arid real value of such lands tenements and hereditaments* may be after tamed and the actual and real owners and proprietors may have a just endreasonable satisfaction for such lands, tenementsi and hereditaments, or for any claim or right thereto; may it please your Majesty that it way be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri tuai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That all that piece or parcel of ground, called or known by the name of mount Certain parcels Pkafant* containing by estimation six acres, be the same more of grounded or less, situate, lying, and being in the parish of Stole Damerell* in the county of Devon and all tenements and hereditaments longing, otn thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of ate near*Matthew Dixon, John Spurred and Samuel Pile*and also all Plymouth! that piece or parcel of ground, containing by estimation seven acres, bi the same more or less, situate, lying, and being, near the manor pound in the parish of Stole Damerell, in the said count? of Devon together with a stone pound thereon erected, and all tenements arid hereditaments to the said piece or parcel of ground belonging or appertaining, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Nicholas Far Orlando Loclyer, and Richard Vnjyan wipisford; and also all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by estimation seven acres, be the same more or Jels, situate, lying, and being in the midway from Mount Pleasant to Keybom Point in the said parish of Stole Damerell* and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of John Hill William Aujiin, and Susanna Croad; and also all that piece or parcel of ground called or known by the name of Dodges Hill containing by estimation four acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the parish of Stole Damerell aforesaid, and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of maryconnicl* Nicholas Mill George Lier Magnes Dawe* William Davies John James Hicks James Tredimiel, John Elis John bf*tr* Francis Kelley, Elizabeth Lamb Jufiinia Toms James Dam Ann Poppleflone* William Indicott* William Jenkins Francis Cuke William Palmer John Stephenfony and Benjamin Andrews; and also all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by estimation twelve acres, be the same more or less, fit, gate, lying, and being on stohebonfe Hill in the parish of East Stpnehouse fit the said county of Devon, and all tenements and hertditaments; thereto

Anno vicesimo

38-. 73

Anno vkefimjt) geo^gii III C 38. [ 1780;

thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Luie Dunn, Thomas Tf'arne, and su/anna Croad; and also all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by estimation twenty acres, bethe same more or lets, situate, lying, and being on the heights

7i/fnipr^ in the nari/k rtf' tlf/ib** in the rnnnti/ of and

of Maker y in jhe parish of Malar in the county of Devony and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late .in the tenure or occupation of the right honourable the lord Edgecumibey 'John Eager y John Lajkeyy william Elworthy? and Thomas Edwards; and also all that piece or parcel of ground,

, containing by estimation twenty acres, be the same more or left, situate, lying, and being near Tor Point, in the parish of Anthony in the county of Cornwall, and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Thomas Graves, John Jeffery, Abraham Robertand John hill and also all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by estimation thirty acres, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being at Mount Batteny in the parish of Plymfock in the said county of Devon together with a round tower erected thereon, and all tenements and hereditaments to the said piece or parcel of ground belonging or appertaining, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Cbrijlopher Rouse; and also all that piece or and alio ctr parcel of land, containing by estimation twenty six acres or ***** P f thereabouts, be the same more or less, now or late in the tenure inmt*there 6 or occupation of John Holdeny situate, lying, and being in the unto belong parish of in the county of Kenty abutting easting,

in or near on the high water mark, and west on certain lands belonging to to Gravesend his Majesty, and all tenements and hereditaments to the said piece or parcel of ground belonging or appertaining; and also all those pieces or parcels of land, containing by estimation twenty-nine acres or thereabouts, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the said parish of, abutting

north on the road to the ferry, east upon a certain creek dividing the said piece of land from other lands late belonging to Hofur'Hart esquire deceased, and south to the high water nark adjoining to the footway leading fromsheernefs to ^ue^.tboroughy and au tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, being late the property of the said Hofur Hart; which said pieces or parcels of land last mentioned now or late were in the tenure or occupation of Thomas Belly the widow Leey John Dickfony and others; and also all those several pieces of land, confiding of garden ground and fields, now or late the property of Frauds pvadman cfqiiirc, containing by estimation twenty six acres or thereabouts, be the same more or less, situate, lying, and being in the parish of Gravesend in the county of Kent abutting welt on the road leading to the new tavern in the town o( Gravefendy south on the road leading from Gravesend to Milton and Chatbam9 and north on certain lands the property of Sarah Gordon of ro defier widow, and alf tenements and hereditaments thereto bplonging, now or late in the tenure or occupation of, ;

* and alio all that piece or parcel of land, now or late the property 1 of the said arab Gordon, containing by estimation.seven acres or

there

and Tilbury Fort,

i79o.j Anno vicfcfimo Georg III^38. 75

tbenatovta, brth*frme not orlefv lying, aod£fcteg r «.

in the raid parish of Gravifen^, abutting (outbid w§ft upon tfaj: > - j.

land hdrein before Jaft deferred, and north on the tank w, (bp xiw Thants* and all tenements and hereditaments thereto h joogiag, now or late in the tenure or occupation of ^

and also all that piece or parcel of land, containing by eflimar iion one acre and three roods or thereabouts, bethe jfame naorp or Ids, situate, lying, aod. being near Tilbury Fortin the of, ill the county of Iffix, e#tefldiog frpip

north cast to southwest from a certain bank called Xke, m#wr way and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging, now or late iri the tenure or occupation of 4, shall

be, and are hereby veiled and settled, and declared and taken to veiled in. be in the actual and real possession and seizin of the right lio trustee. nourable sir Fletcher Norton speaker of the house of commons, sir William Lemon baronet, Edward Eliot esquire, John Parker esquire, John Roll esquirey the honourable Charles Marjhamy Thomas Knight junior esquire, John Luther esquire, and Thomas Berney Bramflon esquire, their heirs and assigns for ever, in trust never the less for such person pr persons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, as, at or immediately before the time of making this act, were the several and re(pe&ive owners and proprietors thereof, according to their several estates and interests therein, at the same time, in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, until such efiatesand interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, or possession thereof taken by the principal officers of hi majesty's ordnance or engineers, or other officers ailing, under their authority, which they are hereby empowered to do whenever it shall be found necessary for his majesty's service)) the several fgm or sums of money, and interest for the same, after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the gross sum that shall be atielled for the true and real value, thereof, in manner and form as is herein ab^r mentioned and expeefled, shall be paid, # V

II Aod be it further enabled by the authority aforefalj, Reasonable That reasonable and just compensation apd satisfaction shall Jpp compenfadwi made out of the next aids to be granted in parliament, for arid jhepr^rietor* in respect of the.ftid lands^tenements andhe^ddaments, before outof the next mentioned, to all and every person and persons, bodies politicjc parliamentary and corporate, ecclesiastical and civil. % aids

IH, And be it further; enabled by the authority aforesaid, his majesty That, for the better afeenaining the several owners and propri ||^e7ten? cron of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and their undershv11'' rdjpe&ive titles and claims thereto, it shall and may be lawful great seal, to to and for his Majesty, by one or more, comm iffion or commis appoint com fioos by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain to amhdnze and appoint any number of persons to be commifir cutdm tn^be oners to hear and determine all titles and claims that shall or raid lands ku maybe made to the said lands, tenements, nd hereditament, ^. X or to any part or parcel thereof s wh^h Commissioners so to'bp '"''appointed, or any five or more Of them, are hereby authorised' '

le

4

y6 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 3$. [1780.

How they are and required, and shall and may in a luminary manner proceed, to proceed. act, and determine, by and upon the testimony of witnefle* upon oath, (which oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to admimfter, ) inspection, and examination of deeds, writings and records; or, if requested by the parties interested, by inquest of twelve good and lawful men, to be impannelled and sworn in manner herein after mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said ways, or otherwise, according to their discretion, all and all manner of rights, estates, and interefis, and all controversies, debates and questions, which shall happen and arise between any person or persons whomsoever, or any other matter qr thing relating to any of the pretnifes, or any part thereof; and shall have power to lend for any person or persons, and oblige them to produce their deeds or writings upon oath relating to any of the same premises, and also shall and may, by agreement with the respective / or persons that shall be determined to be the owners and

proprietors of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or by the said inquest of the said twelve good and lawful men to be impannelled and sworn, inquire, proceed, act, and determine, touching and concerning the true and real value of the said premises, or any part or parcel thereof; and the said com j "df***bt* missioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby required to commtffioneri cave 'heir judgements and decrees to be entered fairly in to be entered books, which judgements and decrees shall expreftly mention ia books, tee. and. fpedfy the respective house or houses, or other mefiiiages or tenements, number of acres or parcels of land, with their (even! abuttals and boundaries, together with the name or names of every person or persons interested respectively in the same, and the respective sum or sums that shall be so agreed for or afiefied by the said jury to be paid for the same respectively, which judgements and decreet shall likewise be fairly ingrofied on parchment, and certified to the clerk of the crown in chancery, and to the king's remembrancer in his majesty's court of exchequer; and such judgements and decrees made as aforesaid shall be final, and shall conclude all and every person and persons, bodiesjjoli tick and corporate, ecdegaftical .and civil, their heirs, successors, executors, administrators, and alligns respec tivelv, notwithstanding any disability or incapacity whatsoever, any law, statute, or custom, or other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; copies of which said judgements and decrees shall be laid forthwith before both fore both houses of parliament, that a just and reasonable compensation house of and satisfaction may be made to the several owners and propri parliament. etors of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Comufionm That, for the better carrying the said commission orcommissions, toifluethrir into execution, the said commissioners to be appointed in and teriiftto sum^or commissions or any five or more of

moil juries i*them, shall and lawfully may, and are hereby authorised and required to ifitie forth their warrant or warrants, under their hands

and

1780*} Anno vicesimo Georgii III. c.38# 77

and Teals, to be directed to the respective sheriffs f the relpedivd counties wherein such lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall fie thereby commanding them respectively to impannel, 'sum xnon, and return, before the said commissioners, at such times and places as shall be appointed ip such warrant or warrants, a good and sufficient jury of twenty-four good and lawful men, qualified to serve upon juries, at the assizes for the said respective counties, who, upon their oaths, (which oath the said com who are to in mufioners, or any five or more of them, shall have power to Ruire th administer)) inquire into the true and real value of the said lands,

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and every part or parcel** thereof, and who respectively are the owners and proprietors thereof, and their respective estates and inrerefts therein: and the better to enable the said jurors to make such inquire, the said commissioners shall and lawfully may direct, in fuen their warrant or warrants to the said respective sheriffs, a view to be taken, by six or more of the said jurors, of the several lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said refpeaive counties, at sometime previous to the meeting of the said commissioners: Sheriff to and the sheriffs of the said counties respectively, upon the re I!31*

ceipt of such warrant or warrants from the said commissionersaccordingly, as aforesaid, are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return, twenty-four good and lawful men, qualified to serve upon juries at the alfizes for the said respective counties, and in the mean time to have six or more of the said jurors, so impannelled and sworn, to view the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in their respective counties; and at the return of Tuch warrant or warrants, to attend the said commissioners, with his or their bailiffs or officers to prove, if necessary, the summons of the jurors foto be impannelled and returned refpediyely, opoo oath, (which oath the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have power to administer to the said respec three sheriffs, and their bailiffs and officers, or any or either of them: ) and in case the said sheriff or sheriffs, and his or their Penalty on bailiffs and officers, or any or either of them, shall neglect or lhwiff« or their refute (being duly served with such warrant or warrants of the commissioners fourteen days before the return thereof) tp impannel. summon, and return, such jury of good and lswfol men as aforesaid, or otherwise refuse to execute such warrant or warrants, or shall not atteqd the said commissioners with his or their bailiffs and officers who shall summon the said jurors, at the return of such warrant or warrants as aforesaid; then, and in tithcr of the said cases, the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a fine on such sheriffs, bailiffs, and officers, or any or either of them, so making default, not exceeding twenty pounds, nor left than ten pounds, for any one offence; and in case the said ju and allooa tonne, to to be impannelied, summoned, and returned, pr any or iwon. either of them, (nail neglect or refuse to appear at the return of fitch warrant or warrants, and to be sworn for the purposes aforesaid, then and in fitch case it shall and may be lawful to and

for

7* anncpvicefifno Georgii III. 6. 38.

fty thelaid coranriiflfioncrs then assembled and met, oranv five or ifidre of thfem, to impofea fine upon each and every of the jurors 15 impannelied, futrimoned, and returned, and (without lawful cfxcuse, to be allowed of by the said commissioners then sitting, ot/the major part of them, ) making default, or refafing to be lvorh, ; no exceeding the sum of ten pounds of lawful money ofbritain; whjch fine and fines, foto be imposed and r fetp the said commissioners are hereby authorised and required'tp'eflreat into his majesty's court of exchequer, to b levied to'....twufe of his Majesty' '

case a foffi V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cientjury shall ih tale a sufficient jury shall not appear upon the return of the not appear (§td* warrant or warrants to take the inquest, it shall and may t^warran" 0* be to and for the said commissioners, or any five or more

commissioners of theta, to adjourn the said inquest to any future day, not ex may adjourn cfceding fourteen days, nor less than four days, from the ad thv*tclh*j^bftttaent thereof, and to issue out their warrant or warrants wariauthorf°r ^mpannelhng, fammoning, and returning, an equal number ^mmoning of jdrors to those so making default, who, together with the

other jurors jurofs before returned, by the sheriffs of the respective counties

in room of ppon Inch second warrant or warrants afterwards to be issued, defaulters. Dr u^n any fmurq warrant or warrants, adjournment or adjournments, which the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to Mire and make, from time to time, until a sufficient jury can be had, shall inquire as afore kid'! '!

million VI Provided .always. That twelve good and lawful menj ers, after the shall be sufficient to take the inquest aforesaid; and that in case inq ft shall twelve or more, hot exceeding twenty-three in the whole, shall adjourn"&c.ay Pear anc b.c.. ty0, to take such inquest, then and in such

% case the said commissioners shall continue and sit, frqm day ro

day until the said inquest shall be taken, and, after the inquest shall! be taken, may adjourn to same future day for making their judgement and decrees thereon.

commhttoners Vll. yfnd, to the intent that no person or persons may have anj to give notice cauj} or pretence for not appearing to make out their claims or title to t^irrefplc lands > tenements, or hereditaments, or any part or parcel

live meetings, thereof^be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That five or more of the said commissioners shall give notice, in writing, twenty-one days at lead before their meeting at each place, which writing shall be affixed at the gates of the respective docks of Plymouth and Sheerness, and on the door of the respective town halls of Plymouth and Rocbejler, and on the rcfpe&ive church doors of the parishes wherein the town of gravefcndma Tilbury Fort are situate, and shall likewise be published in the slow they are London Gazette; and if any person or persons shall neglect or to procec<nf refuse to appear, or when he or they shall appear, shall wilfully default in tcfofe to (hew his or their deeds or writings relating to the pre appearing, C mises, that then the said commissioners, or any five or more ol tfiem, and the jurors to be impannelled and fwom upon such 'iaquest, shall proceed, upon the bed information they can get ot

havcj

Anrio vicesimo Georgii III Q. 38.a 79°

have, to make such inquest, judgements, and decrees, as before directed; and all such judgements and. decrees, being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be final and cqnclufive.', ''V

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Onpaymentof

That immediately Aom and after the time that payments :

be nude of the sum and sums of money foto be agreed for or Cm to

assessed by the said jgry, and decreed and adjudged by the said be deemed commissioners, or any five or more of them, to the owners and rcizcd.of the proprietors of the (bid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, the^feo/hia herein before mentioned, or to any or either of them, the true Mayfly.

ftecs herein before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to

Hand seized of (uck part nd parcel of the t^id premilesas shall, "

be so paid for, to and fqr the use of his Majesty, his heirs and;

successors, forever, freed ard discharged.of and from all and alt '

manner of right, title, claim, and demprid yyhatfo<ever, that can

or may be made by any person or persons, bodies jppliticjc or'

corporate, ccclefiaftical or civil.

IX And be it further'enacted by*the authority aforesaid, Commissioners That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiflip to examine ners, or any fivc^r more of them, upon the complaint of any l^ntsof owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of any other lands, owners of ad tenements, and hereditaments, adjoining to any part of the joining lands, lands, tenements, and*hereditaments, by this za vested in jthe_&c and to, f faidtrustees, that he, she, or they, have received any damage by ^ee^fntbo?t! the eredingor completing of the said fortifications and entrench damages merits, or of any of the works thereto belonging, to examine c#ve*f«.. into and hear every ich complaint, and shall make an eftimatg

offoch damage and; shall return such estimate with, and in the" manner they are hereiti before directed to return the aforesaid and decrees.

X And be it further enacted by. the authority aforefoid. How the pro that no private building or buildings shall be made or ereefted *hs of land upon any of the lands vested by. this A as aforesaid; and that J the whole profits arising, or that shall hereafter arise', from the applied. hidjands, be, and are hereby appropriated and applied fpf and

towards the eredlion and reparation .jp)t the respective fortifications and intrenchments of each place, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever; and all and (ingular the premises shall be and are hereby enacted and declared to be, unalienable from the crown; neither shall any part of the premises be demised pr demifcable, otherwise than during pleasure only.

XL Provided always, and be it enacted, That no commifllo Commissioneri net, who shall be employed in the execution of this act, shall be "J 5°

liable, for or by repfon, of such execution, to any of the penal inen^fonedlsi ties mentioned in an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the an act of *5 feign of King Charts the Second, intituled, An act for preventing Car. 2 § dangers which may happen from Popish recusants; or in one other or in 1 Gul. U ad, made in(thc firrf year of the reign of King jpilliam and Marc Queen Marjy intituled, An act for the abrogating the oaths of M and Gul jupremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths; or in one other c'** ad, made in the parliament held in the thirteenth and four'

'

to

i Geo. f'c.xj.

commubonert not disqualified from being members of parliament.

Preamble. Recital of the navigation ad is Ur. t.

Anno vicesimo Georgii Hi. C g. [ty

teenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An act for the hitter security of his Majesty's person, and the fuccejftm of the crown in the protestant line; and/or extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended Prince ofwales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors; of in one other act, made in the parliament begun and held in the first year of the reign of King George the First, intituled, An act for the better security of his Majejlfs person and government, and the fucccjjion of the crown in the heirs of the late' Princess Sophia, being protejlants \ and for extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and bis open arid secret abettors.

XII Provided alo, and be it enacted. That such cotnouf fioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the purpbfes m this actor any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any sort be difajb]ed or disqualified from sitting in the house of commons, dr their.election thereby become void; any law or statute to the contrary thercofin any wise notwithftariding.

CAP. XXXIX

An act to admit to ah entry in this kingdom, under certain refrie tions, tobacco imported not direftfy from the place of its growth or produce y and for granting an additional duty on Jucb tobacco, during the present boflititm. -

WHEREAS an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, ) r7 wasf among/l other things enacted, That no goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Africa, Asia, or America, ball be imported or brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, of town oj Berwick upon Tweed, from ay other place or placts, country or countries, but only from those of the said growth production or manufacture, or from those parts why re the said goods end commodities can only, or are, or. ufudlly have been, first hipped for transportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such of the aforesaid goods as Shall be imported from any other place or country, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act; and also of the firip in which they were imported, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, apparel: and whereas, during the present rebellion of the colonies in hmtrxcz, several parcels of tobacco of the growth of the said coionics, which have escaped the capture of British cruizers, have been imported into some of the neutral islands in the West Indies, where they have been purchased by some of his Majejlfs subjects not in rebellion, and thence conveyed to some british island in the West Indies, where they have been admitted to entry: and from whence they have been imported into this kingdom upon payment of or security given for the payment of the British plantation duties: and whereas doubts have arifin respecting the legality of such importation into the said British islands in the West Indies, as also of the importation thereof from the said islands into this kingdom: and whereas it is mamfefly

i7$b] Anno vicesimo geokgirill. cg. 81

for the benefit of the revenue and navigation of this kingdom, to permit the said trade, and to exempt from the forfeitures and penalties abovementioned, any parcels of the aforesaid tobacco, which having been tranfhipped at sea on board such vefjeis which brought the same from Saint Euttatia, and other neutral islands, have not been landed at any island or other place in the British dominions in America, from which the same may lawfully be imported in o this kingdom: may it therefore please your moje/ly that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice nd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Tobicco, tb owners of such tobacco so imported, or which shall or may be s^ltcolo1.^ imported into this kingdom, before the first day of January, one nie in am«ri thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to enter and pay the ca, imported duties due and payable for such tobacco, without incurring any from*he neu penalty or forfeiture whatsoever, for or by reason of such impor eft In

tation j and the said tobacco so entered or to be entered, and the dies, C before ships or vessels in which the same was or may be so imported as Jan. i. 1781, aforesaid, shall be released and discharged from any Seizure or be enter forfeiture on account of such importation; anything in the said [ncu^ng^nv recited act, or any other ad, toihe contrary notwithstanding. pcnaiiy? *

IL And, > for obviating any doubts or difficulties that may here and after Jan.*after arise by such importations it is hereby further enacted and f i78i, any*declared by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the f»ch tobacco, first day of January, one thousand seven. hundred and eighty during one, any tobacco, being the growth or produce of any part of the British dominions in Americay which, during the conti shall belanded nuance of the present hostilities, shall be bona side imported in*o at any Briiilh aod landed at any British island in the ivtfi Indies, from any n island or place in America or the tvejl Indies n amity with his from a neutral Majesty, his heirs or his successors, shall and may be imported port, may be directly from such British island, and shall and may be entered imported di aod landed in this kingdom upon payment of the proper du[ [ due thereon; provided the matter or person having the command or charge of the vessel in which the same shall be prov, dead the imported, shall produce and deliver to the collector, or other mailer of the proper officer of the cuttoms at the port of importation, at the vessel shall protime he makes his report, a certificate, under the hand and ducetothe seal of office of the collector and comptroller, or other principal o$ceat°the officer of the cuttoms, of the British island where such tobacco port of im was laden and taken on board, certifying that the said tobacco portajion a was so laden and taken on boarti there, and naming the island proper cerd* or place from which such tobacco was so imported; and such ficat*» C tobacco shall also be accompanied with the cuttomary manifetts aod other documents, and shall in all other respects be subject and liable to the same securities, rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as tobacco the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation is or may be subject and liable to, by any act or acts of parliament now in force.

III And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore tuch tobacco Vox.. XXXIII G laid may be iu*

Anno viitftno Georgii III C 39. [1780.

ported in Bri said, That it shall and may be lawful to import in British ships fro vt^neu or ve^s* navigated according to law, any tobacco of the triimport into growth or produce of any part of the British dominions in the Hntifh America, from any island or place in amity with his Majesty, Wtft Indies, into any British island in the ivfft Indies; and that the tobacco so imported into such British island, shall not be liable to seizure or confiscation.

For all tobac IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore co, the pro^That for all tobacco of the growth or produce of any America, 1"im* c°l°ny 0t plantation in America or the West Indies, which,

ported as be from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven fore mention hundred and eighty one, shall be imported into this kingdom, CD pfter Jan. from any island or place from whence the same may be law ce v^nze'to Sported, not being the island or place of the growth or bacco) there produce of such tobacco except tobacco taken and condemned as shall be paid prize, ) there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his an additional Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional duty of one penny o hd or every Pound weight of such tobacco, which shall be paid down befidesthe adn ready money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever; ditional 5 per and shall be also subject and liable to an additional import or cent, granted duty of five pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under by 19 Geo. 3, the same regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds per c' centum is granted to his Majesty by an act made in the last session

of parliament, (entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty'additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain.)

New duty to V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore be collected said, That the said duty herein before granted, shall be raised, and recover levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in such manner and form, farae^rna'nne^ anc such ways, means, and methods, and under such penal as the former ties and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by duties on t > this act, ) as the former duties now payable to his Majesty bacco, (except upon such tobacco are raised, j'vied, paid, *and recovered, as b^this at dy anc effectually, to intents and purposes, as if the fe^1*veral clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, re

fpedtivelv relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again and to be paid enacted in the body of this present at; and shall be paid into into the rx the hands of the receiver-general of the customs in England, chequer by anti shall be by him paid (the necessary charges of railing, col *enepafoy11"e an answering the same, only excepted) into the re

customs, 0 ceipt of his majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other

moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majvfty, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned. Afeparate VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, account to be That there (hail be provided and kept in the office of the audi kept m the t(>r of the faj<| receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which Hce of alvnio fbe rnon*es arising from the duties hereby granted, and paid ni«*spa*d n. by into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and virtue of this apnrt from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, act lxis heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; the

said

le

1780.] Anno vlccfinfio Georgii III 0.40'. 83

fa d money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore How to be ap said. shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenue, Piied* as shall be granted by any a d or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for raising a certain sum if money by way of annuities*and for establishing a lottery.)

VII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Upon expor the authority afotefaid. That upon the exportation of such to tation of such bacco from this kingdom to any part beyond the seas as mer tobacco, a chandize, the exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of fallowed of all the before mentioned duties paid upon the importation of an the duties such tobacco by virtue of this act; which drawback or allowance paid upon im shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regula pprtation by tions, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as any former tue thli drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of customs

upon the exportation of such tobacco, was, could, or might be made, before the passing of this act.

VIII And be it further, enacted by the authority aforesaid, Continuance That this act shall continue in force during the present hostilities, and no longer.

CAP. XL

An act to repeat so much of an act, made in the fifteenth year of his Majesty's reign (for settling Buckingham House upon the Queen, in lieu of Somerjfet House and for other purposes), as enables the tommissioners of his Majesty s treasury to apply the [urns necessary for completing Somerset House, out of the aids granted for naval firuices, or out of any of the revenues arising fresh the receipt of the several offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said act.

WHEREAS by an act, ntadt in the fifteenth year of the prcam^ reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for settling Buckingham House with the appurtenances upon the Queen, in j^cal ot case (he shall survive his Majesty, in lieu of his Majesty's palace C 3' «*33* of Somerset House; for enabling the lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House in Holborn; and for applying the money to arise by sale thereof, together Vith other moneys, in erecting and establishing public offices in Somerset House, and for embanking certain parts of the river Thames, lying within the bounds of the manor of the Savoy; and for other purposes therein mentioned); it was, amongst other things, wafted. That in caje the money arising by the sale or J des, de missis or surrenders of Ely House, and other the premijes vejled in the cmmijfionirs of his majesty*s treasury to be sold or demised, Should not icient to answer the purposes for which the same was appro priated, it should and might be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them, or the lord high trtafuier for the time being, out of all or any of the aids or Jupplies granted or the granted by parliament, for or towards all or any of the naval

G 2 fer'

'by Gooole

84

Part of the recited act repealed.

Preamble.

lageo^.c 7a. recited,

and further continued till May 15, ir canno

vicesimo Georgii III 0.41. [1780.

services, or out of all or any of the revenues crifwg or to arise to hit Majesty, within the receipt, management, or government, of all or any of the several offices created and established, or to be crested and ejia b listed, by virtue of the said act, to order and dire ft, from time to time, such sum and sums of money as he or they should judge necessary for answering the purposes, and carrying the intentions of the said act into effectual execution: and whereas large sums of money have already been expended on the buildings at Somerset House more than have arisen Jrom the Jale ofjl\y House, and the other ptemifes mentioned in the said act; and further large sums of money will be necessary to complete the said buildings: and whereas the method prescribed for tfjuing the money under the said act is contrary to the ujage of parliament, with rejpeft to grants for other public services, which is by sums voted annually founded upon proper ejiimates: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That so much of the said recited act, as preferibes the method of issuing moneys for the purposes therein mentioned, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

cap. XLI

An act to continue an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Us present Majesty, intituled, An act for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence, of the law by arreftment and poinding, and for extending the privilege or bills to promis iorv notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and promiflbry notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act tor rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the diligence of the law by arreftment and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to promissory notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and pro miflory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, was to continue in force for seven years from the fifteenth day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy*two, and to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the said act Should be continued for a further time; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with tie advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 1 hat the said act shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the time therein limited for the expiration thereof, until the fifteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and to the end of the then next session of par jiament.

CAP.

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 4^.

85

CAP. XLII

An ar for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon certain goods imported into the Isle of Man; and for better regulating the trade and securing the revenues of the foid if and.

Mof gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, for further provision towards defraying the expenses of government of the Isle of Man, and better raising and securing a revenue for that purpose, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and After Jaly 5, temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, 1780, tnefoi and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth lowing addi dayot July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall ^be*paid^n. be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs importation and successors, the following duties for and upon the goods and into the Hie of merchandizes herein after mentioned, which shall be brought or Mani videli imported into the Ifli of Man j that is to say, cet'

For every gallon of rum, the produce of the British planta cvet tions, imported from that part of Great Britain called England, fhc p^duceof a further additional duty of sixpence, over and above all other British pianta fluties now charged thereon: 'tions imported

For every pound weight of tobacco imported from England, from England, an additional duty of one penny: pjj* ev

For and upon all hemp, iron, deal boards, and timber, impound of to ported from foreign parts, an additional duty of five pounds per bacco form centum ad valorem: ported, 1 d. '

For every tonne of French wine imported, an additional duty of ^c^rontto fourpounds: *tei^n parts

For every tonne of all other sorts of wine imported, an addi percent, ad tipnal duty of two pounds; and after these rates for any greater valorem; or less quantity of fych wine. f^per tonne

TT., , */. |., ., _, and all other

II And whereas by an all of parliament, made in the seventh year wine, a I.

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for encourag Recitaj of ing and regulating the trade and manufactures of the lfe of 7gco.3.c.45* jtylw; an for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there 7 Wjth a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, authorised, by an act made in this session of parliament, to be transported to the said island, the exporter from this kingdom into thf Isle of Man of such goods, and in such manner as therein men timdy was thereupon infilled to receive the same drawbacks, under the same regulations in all respects, as were then allowed and preferred for such goods respectively when exported from Great Britain

g3 to

After July 5, 1780, the duties on tea and coffee imported from England, granted by the recited ars, to ccafe.

New dudes.

The aforesaid duties to be paid in ready money without discount; and to be collided and recovered in like manner as former duties.

How to be ap plied.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.42. [*780.

to Ireland: and whereat, fmee the pajfng of the aid recited act) the drawback, which was at that time allowed upon the exportation of tea from Great Britain to Ireland, has ceased and determined, and another drawback on tea so exported has been face allowed by a subsequent act of parliament, which is now in force; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July) one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the several duties granted and payable to his Majesty, in and by the said recited act, for and upon every pound weight of bohea tea, green tea, and coffee, imported from England into the said Ife 0) Man, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any hing in the said act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: and that in lieu of the said duties by this act repealed as aforesaid, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the following duties for and upon the goods and merchandizes herein after mentioned, which shall be brought or imported into the said Ife of Man that is to say,

For every pound weight of bohea tea imported from England sixpence:

For every pound weight of green tea imported from England, one shilling:

For every pound weight of coffee imported from England, fourpence.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several rates and duties herein before granted, shall be paid down in ready money without any discount or allowance, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, under the authority and direction of the commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, in like manner and form, and by the same rules, regulations, and under such penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things not hereby altered, as the former duties payable upon such goods were raised, levied, collected, and recovered, as .fully amd effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and (except the necessary charges of raising, colleding, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same), the said rates and duties shall from time to time be brought and paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, diflindly and apart from all other branches of the public revenue; and such part thereof as shall remain after the necessary expenses attending the government of the said isle of Many and the administration of justice there, are from time to time defrayed, shall be reserved for the disposition of parliament.

IV And whereas it may tend to encourage and promote the lawful importation of tea into the said if and from Great Britain, and also to prevent the clandejiine and illicit trade therein which hath been

lately

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 42. 8^

lately carried on thirty if a drawback of the customs paid in Great br.tain wis allowed upon the exportation of tea from thence to the aid island: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of ju]y> one After July 5, thousand seven hundred and eighty, there [hall be drawn back ja b^af and allowed for all tea which [ball be exported from this king |0a*cj n tbv dom as merchandise to the lfle of Man, in such quantity reexportation of fpafiively limited, and under the same regulation in all reipeds oath as are prescribed in and by the herein before recited at made ot in the seventh year of his majesty's reign, the several duties of customs which were paid upon the importation of such tea; which drawback or allowance shall be made to such exporter in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, in all reipedts, as are allowed and prescribed for such goods respectively, when exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the In what cases authority aforesaid. That the drawback allowed by this act [hall the said draw not be allowed for any tea which shall not be exported dircdly

from the warehouse or warehouses wherein the same shall be 0 lodged, pursuant to the dirediions of all or any of the several acts now in force for that purpose.

VI And whereof the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England are authorised, in and by the said recited atl, to grant licence to any of his Majesty's subjects to export from any port of England into the port Douglas in the said lfle of Man, any quantity ofspiritsy not exceeding in the whole fifty thousand gallons Brit fill distilled Jipints, and thirty thousand gallons of rum of the produce of the British plantations in one year: and whereas only a very mall part of the said allowance of fifty thousand gallons of British distilled spirits hath of late been imported into the aid island, and the allowance of thirty thousand gallons of rum, of the product of thf British plantations, is become inefficient for the consumption of the said island, by reason of the late increase of population, and of the herring fishery $

it therefore enacted by authority aforesaid. That, from and After July 5, after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, instead of the quantities of spirits and rum in the said act ported tovhe mentioned, the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Great port of dug britain respectively, or any three of them, shall and may grant, a3 Year, y licence, without fee or reward, (to continue in force for the f, om term of thirty days), to any of his majesty's subjects to export of pi from any port of England, into the port of Douglas in the lfle of rita, and Man but to no other, in British [hips navigated according to 3°^° gallons law, any quantity of British distilled spirits not exceeding in the oi rum*whole forty thousand galions, and thirty thousand gallons of rum, the produce of the British plantations; and from any port an *0, 000 in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, ten thousand gallons °//JJT1

, *., r 111 trom Scotland

such rum, in one year, in the same manner, and under the lame regulations in all respects, as if the said last mentioned quantity had been originally limited and prescribed in and by the said t, instead of the quantity therein mentioned $ and the

G 4. ccr

No licence for exporting goods to be granted by virtue of the recited act, until entry has been made of all such goods, expressing the quantity and quality, the name of the ship, C

Licence to connnue in force for 30 day only.

Recital of an ait 5 Geo. j.

After July 5, 1780, herring vfftels trading to Madeira,

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 42. [1780.

certificate directed by the said act to be transmitted to the com initfioners of the customs at London, shall, with respect: to the quantity of rum exported from Scotland, be transmitted in likie manner to the commissioners of his majesty's customs at Edinburgh, anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII And, for the better prevention of abuses, under colour of the licences granted by virtue of the said recited act to export the goods therein mentionedfrom any port of England into the port e/'douglas in the Hie of Man, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, T hat, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no such licence shall be granted to any person or persons whatsoever, to export any of the goods therein mentioned to the said jjle of Man, and no such licence shall be granted to any person or persons to export such rum from any port in that part of Great Britain called s.otla^d, in pursuance of this act, before such person or persons shall have made a true entry of all such goods in writing with the collector and comptroller of the port from whence such goods are intended to be exported, expressing the quantity and quality thereof, with the times of the paying or securing his majesty's duties inwards for the same, and alio of the name of the ship or vessel, and of the master or person having charge of such ship or vefle!^ in which the said goods are intended to be exported; of which entry a copy, attested by the said collector and comptroller, being produced to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England or Scotland respectively, then, and not before, they, or any three of them respectively, shall and may grant such licence for the exportation thereof as in the said recited act mentioned, which said licence shall continue in force for the term of thirty days only from the date thereof, and no longer; and in case no exportation shall be made pursuant to such licence, the same shall be null and void to all intents and purposes; anything in the said recited act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII And whereas by an act, made in the fifth year of the reign cf his present Majesty, intituled, An act for more effectually preventing the mifehiefs arising to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine trade to and from the Isle of Man, it is (amongjl other things) enacted, That no wine should be imported into the said island in any ship or vefjd of less burden than one hundred tonnes, upon forfeiture of all such goods, together with the ship or vessel, and all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, to be seized and projecuted as therein after is dire stead: whereas great hardship is thereby laid on vessels of a less burden, trading in herrings to Madeira and the Mediterranean, where they are frequently unable to make returns otherwise than in the wine or produce of the country; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand Seven hundred and eighty, it shall arud may be lawful for such ships or velteis as afuiesaid, not being of less burden than

seventy

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.42. 89

seventy tonnes, to import into the said island any wine (French of 70 tonne *ine or any wine from France excepted); and in case any wine (>urthcn ray shall be imported into the said island ip any Chip or vessel of less (Except burden than as a fore said, or in any vessel or cafle that shall con French) into tain less than twenty live galions, or in any other manner con the Isle of trary to the said recited act, except as altered by this present act, Mdn* the several penalties and forfeitures therein inflicted shall and may be recovered, levied, seized, and prosecuted, in such manner as the same could or might have been by virtue of the said act; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithr Handing.

IX Andy for the more effectually preventing irregular, elandtfline, end fraudulent exportation from the said Isle of Man, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty,

no goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, (fresh or unfalted fro>n fish excepted) shall be shipped or laden on board any ship or of Man which vessel, in order to be exported from the said Isle of Man, to any out a proper place whatsoever, before a warrant is granted for that purpose, on^rfeltonj by the collector or other principal officer of the port where the Of allvuch said goods are shipped or laden, or before such security is given goods, as by law is or may be required, on forfeiture of all such goods, or the value thereof i and all matters, or other persons having command or charge of any ship or vessel, wherein any goods shall be shipped in order to be exported, shall conform to such rules and regulations, and be subjedtto such forfeitures and penalties, in all respects, as are prescribed and inflicted by any act of parliament now in force with respect to the exportation of goods from Great Britain.

X And whereas by an act, made in the fijth year of the reign of Recital of

Hi present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better securing, and 5Geo.3-c.43. further improvement of the revenues of cuttoms, excise, inland and salt duties; and for encouraging the linen manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the importation of several goods, the produce and manufacture of the said island, under certain restrictions and regulations, it is (amongst other things) arncled, That the inhabitants of the Isle of Man ball and may im pn direbly from thence into any lawful port of Great Britain, be fas, or any goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the growth, produce, end manufacture of the said, Isle of Man, (except such as are prohibited to be imported into this kingdom), without paying any customs, fubfiiies or duties, for or in respect thereof, (except such excise or other duty as was then or should thereafter become due and payable for the like goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of Great Britain), provided the matter, or other person having the charge of the ship or vessel so importing the same, shall bring with him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant-governor, commander in chies, or chief magistrates for the time king, that oath hath been made before him or them, in the presence of the officers of the customs for the port or place where such befiials or foods fall be put on board, that the same are the growth, produce, or a manufacture

9o

Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.42; [1780.

manufacture of the said Isle of Man; which certificate or certificates Shall also be attejled by the said officer of the customs) and Shall express: the number and tale of such bejhals, with the. marks and weight of the species of goods in each bale or parcel mentioned in the bill or bills of lacting, with the name or names place or places of abode, of the exporter or exporters from the I tie of Man, and the name or names % place or places of abode, of such person or per Jons as Shall have fworh the be/hals, or goods therein mentioned, to be of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the [aid Isle of Man, and where and to whom conftgned in Great Britain: and whereas such bejlials or other goods are exported from the said Isle of Man to Great Britain from parts of the said ifiand so difiant and remote from the place of residence of the governor9lieutenant-governor') commander in chief or chief ma. giflrates for the time being, that the exporters of such goods cannot, without great inconvenience and expense, make the proof and obtain the certificate required by the said recited act; now, for remedy After July 5, thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 1780, the oath from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun

thctrccited a redan the kid oal^ recluired by the said recited act to

may be admf be taken before the governor, lieutenant-governor, commander uttered by the in chies, or chief magistrate for the time being, shall and may collector, C be administered by the collector, comptroller, or other chief exportation °cer he revenue at the port or place in the said Isle of Man, *where such beftials or other goods shall be shipped or loaden, who is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer the same, and to grant a certificate thereof, in the form and to the effect required by the said recited act, under his hand and seal of office; anything in the said recited act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI Piovided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Penalty on authority aforesaid, That in case any collector, comptroller, or officer grant other officer of the revenue, shall make or grant a false certificate ing afalfe or other dispatch, contrary to the true intent of this act, every certificate. such 0ffencjer shall forfeit the Turn of fifty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, or plaint, in any of his majesty's courts of record at lvcstminster\ one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of his majesty's revenue as shall sue or inform for the same; and the officer granting such false certificate or other dispatch shall also be rendered incapable of Serving his Majesty in any

Personscoun branch of the public revenue; and any person who shall counterfeiting cer terfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such certificate, or knowingly or will tificate, C to lingly make use of any such certificate so counterfeited, rased, or cit 100. a|terecjs or falsified, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner aforesaid.

XII And, for the further encouragement to the inhabitants of the Isle of Man, to carry on the herring fi/hery on the coajls thereof) be

After July 5, it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and 1780, tor her afrer tjle fajj fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and on the coasts eighty there shall be drawn back and allowed for any white or of the Isle of red herrings, caught upon the coasts of the said bland and cured

there.

1780!] Anno vlcefinoo Georgii III C 42. 91

there, and imported into any port of Great Britain, and ex Man, and ported from thence as merchandise to foreign parts, the whole duties paid or payable upon the importation of such herrings; to oj^t*which drawback or allowance shall be made by the officer ap Brirain, and pointed to collect the duties upoa salt, in the port from whence from rh^nce any such herrings shall be exported, within thirty days after de *xporte(* to mand thereof, upon a debenture, to be prepared by the collector thc^eg^hau^t^ oftfcecustoms where such herrings shall be entered out for ex allowed a portation, and verified by the person executing the office of drawback of learcher in such port, as to the quantity of herrings actually the import shipped, and that the same were good and merchantable; and duut* the white herrings in barrels containing thirty-two gallons each or in half barrels of sixteen gallons each, and full paeked; and the red herrings in casks, on which shall be marked the number of herrings in each cask, for the better ascertaining of the quantity exported; and that the oath of the exporter or agent be first taken before the principal officers of the said port before the exfwur, C debenture be allowed, (who are hereby required and empower *

to administer the same), that the herrings in such debenture mentioned were really caught on the coasts of the lfle of Min and cured there, and that the duty of the same was actually paid upon the importation thereof, specifying the vessel and master's name in which the herrings were imported, and at what port, and that they are really and truly exported to or for parts beyond the seas, and not relanded or intended to b relanded in Gmt Britain; and in case the officer hereby directed to pay such debenture shall not have sufficient money in his hands to pay the same, then, upon certificate thereof by him made,

(which certificate he is hereby required to give the party gratis), the principal com midi oners for managing his majesty's revenues of excise upon salt for the time being shall be chargeable with the said payment, to be made in course out of the first money in their hands arising out of the duties upon salt either n England or Scotland as the case may happen; and that it Officers of the shall and may be lawful for the officers for the said duties on salt ?uth, e salt, in the several and respective ports of the kingdom of Great wherein Britain, upon the exportation of any such herrings, and before the herrings the same shall be laid on board for exportation, to mark the shall be ex barrel wherein such herrings shall be exported, to the intent it Portcd* may be known that such herrings have been exported, and allowances obtained upon exportation thereof, in case the same, cr any part thereof, shall be relanded or reimported; and that Herrings frau in case any such herrings shall (after the same shall be exported) landed to be be fraudulently relanded or reimported into Great Britain, all the forfeited, and said herrings so relanded or reimported shall be forfeited and double the lost, and double the value thereof to be recovered of the im value, porter, proprietor, or matter of the vessel in which they shall be reimported; and that ho allowance shall be paid out of the said duties on salt for or on account of the exportation of any white or red herrings that shall not be well cured, or shall be unmerchantable; nor shall any drawback or allowance be made for

any

preamble.

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1, 500, 000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. j, II

in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax act of thissession, concerning loans, C

The clauses, See. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills,

(exception)

extended to this act.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 43. [1780.

any such white herrings, shipped to be exported, that shall not have been imported from the isle of Man in barrels containing thirty-two galions, or half barrels containing sixteen gallons each.

CAP. XLIII

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer billst for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have rc solved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned 5 and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflenibled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any time or times before the fifth day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to cause or direct any loans to be taken or received at his majesty'a exchequer from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politic or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in Joans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and dirediions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land taxy to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty f) are prescribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills tq be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer bills an thorifed to be made by the same act, (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein arter mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned actor as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act. / '

III pro

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 43. 93

III Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au Exchequer thority aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made

out by virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been again issued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the in payment of sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, any taxes, received or taken, or pass or be current to any receiver or col lcdor in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth day of April \ nor shall any such receiver or col norexchang lector exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of April, ** for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his 917 hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be main aion not to tained against any such receiver orcolledtor for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, ber u*fore the said sixth day of April; anything in the said act made in this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting on aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to bo raised in Great Britain, fr thejervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty), or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Principal and That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the interest, i^terect, with premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, berewddout shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall of the next be repaid or born by or out of the first aids or supplies which supplies;

shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in case and if fuffici faffident aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted ent supplies be before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and bcfor^july eighty one, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the i?glf J y 59 interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending to b.c.. charged the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon on the sinking such moneys as at any time or times after the said fifth day of fund.

2 shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the _ Losses, excesses, overplus moneys, .and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any actor acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

g4 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 44. [i; ?o

Moneys Co said, That whatever moneys shall be To issued out of the said

lifted to be surplusies, excesses, overplus moneys, or other revenues com.

the first sup ° p°fing lhe sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced plies. by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in par.

liament; anything herein contained to the contrary not with. (landing.

Bank of Eng VI And be it declared and further enabled by the authority

rted to^ct That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and

tance^he said company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his mi sum on the jesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of this credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred an act 5 8c6 thousand pounds; anything in an act, made in the fifth and Gul. 8c Marias sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, in mhwitbftand* tituled. An act for granting to their Majesties several rates anik* "STIES upon tonnage of Ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale, and other

liquor Si for securing certain recompenses and advantages in the jd aft mentioned to such persons as Shall voluntarily advance the fm ij one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on th war again/i France), to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIV

An act to explain an act of the last session of parliament, intituled, Al atft for augmenting the militia; and to declare valid and tjftm the [wearing in and inrolment of militia men, jluhjututes, anivh, luntcers, in cases where all the provisions of the several acts nm in being, relative thereto, have not been obftrved; and to indm1 nify deputy lieutenants, chief magistrates, and justicts of the path for their proceedings therein respectively; declare valid awl tj\ feftual the commissions granted by deputy lieutenants, in the abftm of the lieutenant of any county out of the kingdom, to officers atn. manding volunteer companies; and to indemnify deputy lieuiti'm and officers who have granted, or acted under such cmtnijfis9t\ and to enlarge the powers of deputy lieutenants in certain cajts.

Preamble.

When militia mm, in the volunteer companies.

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an act of the kjl ft/fiftl parliament, intituled, An act for augmenting the miiitqj volunteer companies have been raised and annexed to the militia of A veral counties within this kingdom: and whereas the periods of Vice intended for such companies were not [efficiently afeertaind in ri said act, in consequence whereof, the men enli/led in [everal of the companies have been enlisted for different periods of service than icai intended by such act; for better security to persons who have ifjj§ themselves therein, and for greater certainty for the future, bet enacted by the King's moult excellent majesty, by and with th advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, aod co mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the aurho rity of the same, That ail persons who have enlisted themid^ in any volunteer company raised in pursuance of the said act, f^ the term of three years unless sooner discharged, or for the to

1

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 95

of three years, or as private soldiers therein without any time foall beenti expressed, shall be entitled to their discharge at the expiration of heir three years from the time of their inrolment, or at such time dl C argc* within the said three years as the militia shall be disembodied, oral such earlier period as his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the volunteer companies.

II And be it further enabled, That such persons as shall Militia men have enlisted themselves in any volunteer company of militia,

raised in pursuance of the said act, to serve in the same for three tb war?, years, or during the war, or to serve during the present war, or not entitled to serve according to the provisions of the said a & of the lad their discharge session of parliament, shall not be entitled to their discharge till jjj1 the militia shall be disembodied, or till such earlier period as his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the volunteer companies, *

III And be it further enacted and declared, That all persons Limitation of

that shall, after the first day of July, one thousand seven hun the time of dredand eighty, enlist themselves in companies raised or to be kryice of all raised in pursuance of the said act, shall be enlisted to serve till teen ** time as the militia shall be disembodied, or till such earlier companies, period as his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the volunteer com who shall be panics, and lor no other period whatsoever. enlisted after

IV And whereas several persons have been engaged to serve as Ju y immo men, fuhjlitutes, and volunteers, in several militia regiments. Preamble; kttdim, and independent companies, out of the counties to which reciting that Jtuh regiments, battalions, or independent companies, respectively be fenams

Iwg, and not being natives of the same, and have been sworn in and have (worn in nrdled by deputy lieutenants a fling out of their respective counties, or and enrolled bf the chief magi/lrate or justices of the peace not of such counties to several militia which such corps of militia belong: and whereas the several provisions ^fome^ro^ tf tie militia laws respecting the engaging, swearing in, and inroll viftonsof milii, militia men, fuhjlitutes, and volunteers, have not in such cases tia laws btmobftrved\ be it enabled by the authority afore said. That the All such engaging, swearing in, and inrolling of all such militia men, fub (wearing in ftitutes, and volunteers, previous to the fifteenth day of May and inrolling, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be valid and effectual, as if the several provisions relating thereto had been ob deemed valid Lived; and that all such militia men, substitutes, and volun and the said tiers, shall be deemed militia men, substitutes, and volunteers, deputy lieu to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and that the said deputy ^emnified. lieutenants, chief magistrates, justices of the peace, officers, and noncommissioned officers of militia, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified for such their proceedings therein respectively.

V And whereas by an act, pajftd in the secondyear of his present Sevefra! powers

mritfly's reign, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce grated to PC i*C 11., .lieutenants or

into one act of parliament, the several laws now m being relat c0ullt1cf by

ing to che railing and training the militia, within that part of the following

Great Britain called England; certain powers are given to deputy as,

Smtenants in the absence of the lieutenant of any county out of the

tmgiom, which powers in certain cases have been found to be infuffi

dent, be it further enabled. That the several powers granted to

Beufcmants of counties by an act, passed in the eighteenth year of

the

9& Ahno vicesimo georg»ii III C 45: [17^0.

it Jfco 3 c.59. the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain cailed England; and, to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned; so far as relates to the appointing officers to command certain volunteer companies authorised by the said act, and also the Several powers granted to, and the Several alts required from, lieutenants of counties, by an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign f^geo.; C of King George the Third, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several laws now in being relating to the militia forces of this kingdom \ and for making certain provisions relative to thefencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; So Sar as respelt the qualifications, removal, or appointment of officers in certain cases therein mentioned; and also the

and iq Geo*several powers granted to lieutenants of counties, by an a parted a, *3' in the nineteenth year of the reign of King George the Third,

shall, during intituled, An act for augmenting the militia, mall, during the ab 1 mab/c, nc fence of the lieutenants of any county out of this kingdom, be tenants out-of executc(^ by, and are hereby required from. Such deputy lieu the kingdom, tenants as now are, or hereafter shall be, appointed in pursuance be executed of the alt first abovementioned.

by deputy VI And whereas commissions have been granted, by deputy lieu

tenants f appointed, to officers to command volunteer companies, and

* granted by doubts may arise whether the powers of such deputy lieutenants extend deputy lieute thereto; be it further enacted. That such commissions granted nants deemed to officers properly qualified according to the militia laws, Shall such debt be, and they are hereby declared to be, valid and effectual; and lieutenants the said deputy lieutenants and officers are hereby respectively in and officers demnified for issuing or ailing under such commissions. indemnified.

CAP. XLV

An act to permit goods, the product or manufacture of certain placet within the Levant or Mediterranean Jeas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in British or foreign vessels from any place whatsoever; and for laying a duty on cotton and cotton weel imported into this kingdom in foreign hips or vessels, for a limited time.

Preamble. SH E R E A S by an act of parliament, made in the twelfth it tal f the*^ year f rein f King Charles the Second, intituled, An navigation alt acor the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and naviea 11 Car. 1. tion, all goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture, of Africa, Asia, or America, or any part thereof, are to be imported and brought into the kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the i/lands of Guernsey and Jersey, or town of Berwick upon T weed, in engii(h u shipping, or other hipping belonging to form if the aforesaid places, whereof the majier, and three fourths of the mariners at leajiy are English, and are not to be hipped and brought

torn

i?8o.j Artntf vicesimo gfiorgii III C 45;

from any other place or places, country or countries, but only from those of the said growth, production, or manufacture, or from those ports inhere the said goods and commodities can only, sr are, or usually have teen first shippcd for transportation, and from none other places or countries, undtr the penalty and forfeiture of the ship and goods, excepting in some particular cases provided by the said act: and whereas, by the said in part recited act, it is also enacted, no goods or (cmmcdities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Muscovy, or of any of the countries, dominions, or territories, to the great duke or mferor of Muscovy or Russia belonging; as also that no sorts of masts, timber, or boards; no foreign salt, pitch, tar, rofm, hemp or fax, raisins, figs, prunes, olive oils; no sort of corn or grain, sugar, pd o/bes, wines, vinegar, or spirits called Aqua Vitae, or Brandy w\nt, Shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any slip or Ships, vessel or veffils, but in such as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thereof, or fiat of them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof the mofler, and three fourths of the mariners at leajt, are English $ that no currants, or commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture, of any of the countries, ifunds, dominions, or territories to /& Ottoman or Turkish empire belonging, Shall be imported into any of the fore mentioned places, in any ship or vejjil but which is of eng m built, and navigated as aforesaid, and in no other, except only fiub foreign ships and vessels as are of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the growth, production, or manufacture reffectively, or of such port where the said goods can only be, or moji nfiaoy are, first slipped for transportation, and whereof the majier, and three fourths of the Mariners at least, are of the said country or plait, under the penalty and forfeiture of slip and goods: and whereas fcvtral of the articles in the said act, and herein before particularly enumerated, being the growth or production of some of the places of countries within the Levant or Mediterranean fas, cannot be now imported directly from thence in british vessels without great hazard of capture by the enemies, and much expense of insurance to the merchants trading to this kingdom \ and it has been found necessary, during the present bojlilities with France and Spain, by temporary laws which are now in force, to suspend, in some degree, the firift regulations prejeribed by the said act; and it is further expedient, for the encouragement of trade and the increase of the public revenue, to permit, for a limited time, under certain restrictions, various articles of the growth, production, or manufacture, of Turkey or Egypt, and other goods and commodities which are enumerated in the before recited id, which are of the growth, product, or manufacture, of places or countries within the Straights or Levant fas, to be imported into this kingdom, or the kingdom Ireland, in foreign veffils, although such goods are not slipped and brought directly from the place or country of their growth, production, or manufacture, or from the ports or flues from whence such goods are, or ufualty have been, first shipped sir transportation; it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual .vouxxm. H and

97

&

ater Jan. i, 1780, any pci toil tree of the Turkey C >'iipany may import into Great Britain or Ireland any good usually impoited from Turkey, C either n bri t (h ships, or ships belonging to any state in amity with his mi jetty.

What duties shall be paid for goods so imported.

No entry to pass for any goods the growth of Turkey, Bed. until the importer shall j>n*duce a cer tifi ate of his being free of the Turkey, company. See,

After Jan. 1, 17*0, goods usually imported from the Mediterranean, may be imported in Bntifh ships, or ships be longing to any date in amity with

his Majesty.

Anno yfcsfincio Gsorgji Ufc C 45: [1780.

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affetn bled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons admitted into, and made free of, the company of merchants of England trading into the Levant Teas, commonly called or known by the name of The Turiij Company, to import into Great Britain or Ireland ny goodsor commodities which have heretofore ufuallybeen imported from Turley or Egypt or from any place within the dominions of the grand seignior within the Levant Teas, in any ship or vessel built in, or belonging to. Great Britain ox Ireland, navigated according to law; or in any Ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by foreign seamen, from any port or place whatsoever upon payment of the same duties^if imported into Great Britain as the like goods would be subjedf and liable to if imported in Britishlhips directly from the place of their growth, productions pr manufacture; but if such goods shall be imported in any foreign bgilt ship or vessel, then, and in such case, the goods, fh imported shall be subjeclto the aliens duties, if such goods would have been subject and liable thereto if this a had not been made; anything in the said recited a, or any other act or z&s of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacved by the authority aforesaid, That no entry shall be suffered to pals at the customhouse for any such goods of the growth, produckpo, or manufacture of Turkey ox.egypt* or of any of the dominions of the grand seignior, as before the paffin^ of this act might bo imported only from such ports or places in the Streigbts or, Levant seas as are within the dominions of the grand seignior, and which, by the authority of this act, are permitted to be imported in manner aforesaid, until the person importing or entering the same shall produce to the collector, or other proper officer of his majesty's customs, at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand of the collector of the duties for the said Turkey company, certifying such person is free of the said company, and that he has paid the duties imppfed on fisch goodby the said company, and has conformed in all respects to the rate and regulations of the said company relative thereto.

IL and.it is hereby further enacted by the authority afom* said, That, from and after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty, any goods or commodities wheels have been heretofore usually imported from any port or place S Europe within the ftreigbts of Gibraltar, except such goodusw commodities as might heretofore be imported only fixxniutfc ports or places as are within the dominions oath grand f^pi nior, shall and may, during the continuance of this act, bq>hp» ported and brought, by any person or persons whadoevciviflmt Great Britain or Ireland from any port or place wiatlbmrci* many ship or vcdel built in or belonging to Great Britain or land navigated according, to law, or in any; ship or vcflcl^b**

1780.] Anrto vicesimo Georgii III c.45.

longing to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated with foreign mariners; upon payment of the same duties, if imported into Great Britain, as the like goods would be subject and liable to if imported directly from thfe place of their growth, production, or manufacture except drugs, which, if imported by any person or persons not free of the Turkey company, (half be liable to the like duties as they would have been liable to, if not imported directly from the place of their growth and production, if this act had not beem made; and if any such goods shall be imported in any forefgn builrfihipor vessel, then and in such case the goods so imported shall be subject to the aliens duties, if such goods would Ffrvc be subject and liable thereto by law if this act had'not been made; anything in the said recited act, or any other aftortft#, to the contrary not wit hstanding.

IV Provided nevertheless, and it is Hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That for and upon all cotton and cotton wool, which shall be imported into this kingdom in purfuapee of this act, in any foreign ship or vessel, or which hath beep (o imported since the first day of 'January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and is now remaining in any warehouse in this kingdom under the king's locks, there shall be raised, levied, collcsted, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, p duty of one penny farthing for every pound weight of such cotton or cotton wool, which shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount or deduction whatfpeyer; and shall be alip subject and liable to an additional irnpoff or duty of five pounds peruntum> in the same manner as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majesty by an act made in the last session of parliament, entitled, ^act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the product of the several duties under tie management of the refpettive commissioners of the customs and ex dfein Great Britain.

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no part of the said duties herein before granted shall be repaid or drawn back upon the re exportation of the said cotton or cotton wool; and the. said duties shall be raised, levied, colleftcd, recovered, and paid, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as the duty of customs, commonly called The Old Suiftdy9 is raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is subject or liable to by any act or acts of parliament now in force, (except where any alteration is made by this act), as fojlyand effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clangs, powers, and provisions in such acts had been repeated anjl enacted in the body of this present act; and the said duties hereinbefore granted shall from time to time be paid into the rc clibtof'his ma|cftys exchequer, diftinftlyand apart fromallother branches of the pujblick revenue, and (nail be so kept apart in the said rebeipt of exchequer as a fund, for the encouragement of the growth of cotton in his Majesty Leeward islands, and for

H 2 cn

99

What duties, shall be paid, for such goods.

All cotton and cotton wool imported after )ani, 17s0, in foreign vef sets, to pay a duty of 1 d.

1 q pcrpjund;

and a'so the additional duty of 5 percent, agreeable to cap. 15. of last leflion.

No drawback to be allowed on the re exportation of cotton or cotton wool.

Dufies to be paid into the exchequer,

chow

to be applied.

iow

Continuance t this act.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 46. [ 178q.

couraging the importation thereof into Great Britain, in such way and manner as parliament shall hereafter direlt.

VI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and remain in full force until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty onc.

CAP. XLVI

An act to allow the exportation of proviftcns* goods wares and merchandize* from Great Britain, to certain towns ports or places in North America, which are or may be under the proto Elton of his Majesty arms; and from such towns ports or places, to Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions.

Preamble. WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the fxteentb 16 Oeo. 3, C V V year of the reign of his present Majesty, intuled, An act to 5, recued. prohibit all trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampshire, mojj'achufet's Bay, Rhode Ireland, Connecticut Nrco York, Newjerjey* Penfylvania* the three lower counties on z>/4s tcw*, Maryland, Virginia North Carolina, Carolina and Gw

j/j, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the iandidg and discharging lading or shipping* of goods wares and merchandise at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the province of massachuset's Bay; and also two alts, made in the last session of parliament, for retraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases and for the purposes therein mentioned; it was among other things declared and enacted That all manner of trade and commerce was and should be prohibited with the said coionics; and that dll Ships or vef jels of or belonging to the said colonies together with their cargo apparel and furniture, ana all other Ships or vessels whatsoever together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture which Jbonli be found trading in any port or place of the said colonies or going U trade, or coming from trading in any such port or place, should become forfeited to his Majesty as if the same were the ships and effects of open enemies and should be so adjudged deemed and taken in all courts of admiralty and in all other courts whatsoever: and whereas it may be expedient for the present to allow the exportation of provifhns, goods, wares, and merchandise from Great Britain and Ireland, to certain towns ports and places, within the f aid as Ionics* being under the protection of his Majesty s arms, and from those towns, ports or places to Great Britain, Ireland, and other parts of his Majesty s dominions under such limitations reftrictiemt* and regulations, as to the commander in chief of his majesty9s fortst* or other commanding officer in such ports, towns or places respect Shall seem necessary: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be exulted*and bcit cnalted by the king's moult excellent

1780.j Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 46.

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembied, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifteenth day of Aprils in the year of our Lord one thousand fmn hundred and eighty, it shall have been and shall be lawful to carry from Great Britain or Ireland, to any town, port or place, within the said coionics, which one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of date shall certify to the commissioners of the customs in Great Britain, and to the com m i f fioners of the revenue in Ireland respectively, to have been, on the said fifteenth day of Aprils or in future to be under the prorecfion of his majesty's arms, provisions, and other goods, wares, or merchandise, in any ship or vessel which, before the passing of the act above recited, might lawfully have traded to his majesty's plantations, the same having been or being duly cleared out for that purpose, and the quantity and quality of the provisions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, on board the same having been or being particularly specified in such clearances, and a bond having been or being first given by the masterof such ship or vessel, with two sufficient sureties, in two thou m.d. five hundred pounds, if the said vessel be under one hundred tonnes, or five thousand pounds if above, to the collector or principal officer of the customs in the port from which such ship or vessel shall have departed or shall depart, for their proceeding direcily to, and delivering such provisions, goods, wares, and merchandizes, at such port, town, or place of destination, for which such cargo shall have been entered and declared at the time of the clearance thereof, and for producing such certificate of the delivery of the said cargo as is herein after mentioned, within eighteen months, to the said collector or principal officer to whom such bond shall have been given, the said Ship or vessel also carrying a certificate, under the hand and seal of the said officer, of such bond having been given, which certificate such officer is hereby required to sign and seal accordingly; and no such ship or vessel, or the cargo, apparel, or furniture thereof shall become forfeited to his Majesty, or shall be so deemed, adjudged, or taken, in any court of admiralty, or other court whatsoever; anything in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted, That the naval officer or other officer, appointed or to be appointed for that purpose, by the commander in chief of his majesty's forces in America, or in his absence by the commanding officer of his m^efty's troops at the port, town, or place, which shall have bfea certified, in manner aforesaid, to be under the protection ohtas majesty's arms, shall forthwith after the landing of the M provisions, goods, wares, or merchandise, at the port, or place, for which the same shall have been declared at trctme of the clearance, give and deliver a certificate or cer tifiettes, under his hand and seal, to the owner or to the master r*_ H 3 or

ror

After April 15, 1780. f goods may be exported from Great Briratu or Ireland to any town in America which one of the secretaries of state shall certify to be under the protection of his majettyv arms.

Bond to be

given by the master of the vessel exporting the sains.

The naval officer or other officer, appointed by the commander of his Majesty forces in America, C shall, on the landing*any goods there, deliver a certificate thereof.

1, 02

Goods the pi ofluct of A'tie ica, or prize goods, m u he ex ported from

Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.46. [1780*

or commander of every such vessel, of such goods being landed

accordingly.

III And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the passing of this act, to, carry piovi fions, goods, wares, or merchandise, being the produce or manufatfure.of America, or prize goods, from such town, port, or place, within any of the said coionics, which shall have been any luchtown certified as aforesaid to be under the protection of his majesty's afoietaid^o armsi to any Porl or place n Great Britain, Irelands Newfound great Britain, fond, Halifax, Quebec, East Florida, West Florida, Georgiy or the Ireland, New. British West India islands, in any such ship or ye/tel as aforesaid, foundiandj&c. being duly entered, declared, and cleared out, with such naval officer or other officer as aforesaid; the quantity and quality of the provisions, goods, wares, merchandizes, and prize goods, on board the same, being particularly specified in such Bond to be clearances, and a bond being first given, to the naval officer or given by the ofher officer as aforesaid, by the matter of such ship or vessel, of the wjtb one fufficieqt surety, in one thousand pounds if the said i 'thefeme" ve^ unc*cr one hundred tonnes, or two thousand pounds n*above, for such ship or vessel proceeding directly to, and delivering

such provisions, goods, wares, merchandise, and prize goods, at the pjace of dettination for which the same shall have been declared at the true of the clearance; the said ship or vessel also carrying on board a certificate, under the hand and seal of such officer, of such bond having been given, which certificate such officer is hereby required to sign and seal; and no such ship or vessel, or the cargo, apparel, or furniture thereof, shall become forfeited to his Majesty, or shall be so deemed) adjudged, or taken, in any court of admiralty or other court whatsoever; anything in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commander in chief of his majesty's force? in amt rica, or the commanding officer of the troops at such town, port, or place, as aforesaid, is hereby authorised, and required to appoint such naval or other officer as aforesaid, for the purposes before mentioned.

Powers verted V And be it further enacted, That the said naval officer or in such offi other officer, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have full power and authority, and he is hereby required to take such further bonds, and upon demand to grant fqch rct gifters and clearances and certificates to the owner, or to the matter or commander of every such vessel, as by any law now in being may be requisite to such vessel or cargo, which shall be as valid and cffedtual as those taken or granted in the like cases by his majesty's governors, and by i!he officers of his majesty's customs in America.

VI Provided always, and be it further epadled by tbs authority aforesaid, That such importation and exportation as aforesaid of the abovementioned provisions, gpods, wares, aforesaid shall merchandizes, and prize goods, in\q or out of any such town,

port.

Commander

in chief in America, C required to appoint such officers as aforesaid.

cers.

The importation and e potation of goods as

1780.] Amo vicesimo Georgii III C 46. 101

port, or place, shall be subject to such limitations, restrictions, he to and regulations, as may have been, or (lull be established by tlf re, at the commander in chief of his majesty's forces in America, or commander in by the commanding officer of his majesty's troops in such port, chiet, C town, or place.

VII Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted. That The reared the said recited act, made in the sixteenth year of his majesty's 16 Geo. 3. reign, shall continue in full force and effect to all intents, and *° com, nucm id all respects, except so far as the same is hereby varied in therebyx favour of ships or vessels, and their cargoes, proceeding ac tered. 7 cording to the terms of this act.

VIII And be it further enacted. That this present act shall Continuance continue in force to the first day of June, which shall be in the ot this act.

)ear of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one,

and no longer.

IX Provided always, and be it enacted. That whenever This act to

and wherever the civil government shall be restored, by putting ceafc in any any province, colony, or plantation, or any port or place, coun province, C ly, town, or district, at the king's peaces this act shall cease and "over determine in such province, colony dr plantation, port or place, ^fbeteftor ebunty, town, or district. ed.

X And whereas before the passing of this off, diverse persons, Commanders Vfffels, cargoes, and other ejfefts, may have been seized, detained, in chiet in damaged, or destroyed, in purfutince of orders, regulations, rejlric America, and dm, and limitations, heretofore ijfuea and eflablijhed by the com tdin^under dtaniers in chief of his Majesty's forces in Worth America or by them, »nd<i n fer/m ailing under their authority, for the public service, and for nisi d for all fopnjfai the rebellion in North America; be it further enacted don by by the authority aforesaid. That all such acts, matters, arid puffing the" things, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be legal, to rebellion

all intents, confirmations, and purposes whatsoever; and that there, all aflions and suits, indidments and informations, which have been, or shall be commenced or prosecuted, and all mo marions, prosecutions, and proceedings whatsoever, and judgements thereupon if any be, for or by reafori of any id, matter, or thing, advised, commanded, appointed, or done, with respect to such orders and regulations, by the said commanders in chies, or by any person acting under their authority, shall be difch*rged and made void; and that person, by whom any such ad, matter, or thing, shall have been so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, 'for the purposes aforesaid or amy of them, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, as Wdl agairift the kirig's Majfcfty, his heirs and fuccefloss, as agairifi all and every other person and persons: and the court, in which any such'; action, fujt, or proceedings shall or may be commenced or profefcuted, shall allow to the defendant or defendants Yhfc benefit rif the dlftftarge* and n demnity sffiove provided, jn a summary, way, upon appticaih a to the said court, and shall make such order between the parties, with respect to the cost of the suit or proceeding, as to the foid court shall Jeem* just. 1**

'h4 CAP.

Anno vicesimo geobgii.ih. e.47, 4s. [1780,

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfmves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juitices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to rtgifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further tune for those pui poses; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or, having been damped, have been led or raillaid y and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted (o make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to Act 1 Geo. 1, Act 11 Car. a, Act 15 Car. X Act 30 Car. 2, Act 8 Geo. f. Act9Geo. 2, Act 18 Geo. 2, and aft 6 Geo. 3, before the parting uf this act; and who (hail, on or before Dec. 15, 1780, qualify themltnes, shall be indemnified against forfeitures. Not to indemnity any person for any. penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify bimfclf. Persons producing appointments and admissions before Dec. 25, 1780, shall 6e confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, officer, or member of corporations, C may enjoy all offices into which they have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all penalties and damages incurred by reason of omissions Not to extend to rtftore persons to any office avoided by judgement Persons who shall cause affidavits to be hied before Michaelmas term, 1780, are indemnified and discharged from penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general iilue.

An act for repairing, lighting, watching, and cleansing, the high street or road, called golwell street, leading from alderfgate bars, without Aldersgate, London, to the house of Woodhouse Coker Gentleman, near the turnpike at the end of the said street or road, in the county of, Middlesex i and also bull yard, glasshouse yard, the north side of Sans alley, Mount mill, and willow court, contiguous to the said street or road, on the east and west Tides thereof; and for removing nuiiances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Preamble. Recital of 18 Geo. 3, C 73* The corporation of London to pave gofwtlj street with the 5, 000!. In what manner gofwell ftieet shall be paved. Commissioners. When commissioners die, or refuse to act, new ones to be choten. The commissioners under the London paving aft 11 Geo. 3, to nominate a number of commissioners for this act. Qualification of commhlioneri, with exceptions. Penalty on acting not qualified. Commissioners being justicesof the peace may aft as such. Who shall be competent witnesses. Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Penalty on officers taking other fees than are allowed Officers to account, and pay the balance. Penalty on refusal. On failure of distress, C officer to be committed. Time of commitment for nonpayment of money only, limited, C First meeting of commissioners. Adjournments. Proceedings to be entered in books. Proceedings to be at meetings only. Paving of high street, when fini(bed, and all, Other materials, vested in the commissioners. Penalty on persons wilfully; damaging materials. Commissioners may contrast for the wotks. None but the contrasting scavenger to take away the cinders, C Inspector of the works to be appointed. Commissioners may compound for penalties for breach of contrast. Commissioners may cause the places mentioned in the act to be new paved and regulated. No other person to alter the form of the pavements, or make encroachments. Dangerous places to be fenced in. For removing encroachments and projeftions. Names of street?, See. to be put up; and houses to be numbered. To prevent annoyances by carriages. To. prevent annoyances by calks. See. Penalty Penalty on feednd offence. Agaiqjt erecting hoards without *

CAP. XLVII

CAP. XLVIII

V^.OCK

1780.]' Anno vicesimo geokonill. C 49. 105.

Agiinft sisting, Sec. Lime in the Greets. Penalty on laying offensive things near toe ftp e s. Penalty on driving carriages, See. on thr foot pavements. On default of payment, offender to be commitr<d. Regu, taring (lands of hackney coaches and chairs. Ho water pipes (lull rtual. Penalty on paviors. Sec. making default. Paviors and turncocks to gie in their names and places of abode. Regulation relating to (overs, kc. Expense of relaying pavement to be paid t>y owners of pipes and of making or cleaning sewers. Expense of railing or altering pipes, Sec. for the benefit of the pavement, to be paid by commissioners.

Expense of relaying pavement taken up to alter or amend any pipe, to be |uid by proprietors of the pipes. Commissioners may compound for suck relaying. Streets, Sec. to be lighted by contract. Lamp irons may be fixed against walls of houses. Penalty on wilfully injuring lamps, C

Ferions careiefsly damaging lamps. Sec. to make fatrsfattion for damages.

conuifkoaers to provide watch houies* watch boxes, and watchmen..

Their duty prescribed. For keeping the footways clean. Materia s for paving may be lodged in the Greets, Sec. and ways Hopped whilg works going on. Penalty on obgrutting surveyors, and other officers. Com.

{liftmen empowered to make rates. Commencement of rates. Additional rate when Greets want new paving. trugees may borrow money at iatereft or by annuities $ and afllgn the rates as a fecuricy. Rates, Sec, to be entered in books. All creditors to be in equal degree. Securities may be transferred. How empty houses, See. Giail be rated. How divided houses shall be rated. Occupiers to pay the rate: and may deduct it from their rent. For rating public buildings Sec. Commencement of the rates. For charging unfindhed buildings. Who to pay the rates.

Manner ofrecovering rates. Persons removing may be followed. Com. missionen may sue in their treasurer's or clerk's name. contracts betweeo hodlords and tenants not to be altered. Persons paying the rates to be exempt from paving cleaning. Sec. Great part of Gol well greet being Under the care and management of the trugees under the a of 16 Geo. 3.

Inhabitants are willing to pave and cleanse it themselves. trugees hive %

afcrted to gie 50i. per ann. for that purpose. Agreement confirmed.

Ihe governors of the charter house to pay sol. a year. How the annual payments may be recovered. If commissioners neglect to pave Sec. the trustees and charter house to do it, and deduct the expenses out of the annual sums. Recompense to be made the several parishes for expenses already incurred by them in paving, Sec. Gofwell greet. When commil fioners bring anions and obtain a verdits, they are 10 have double coifs.'

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Dilfrefs not deemed unlawful for want of form. No plaintiff to recover after amends tendered, Persons aggrieved may appeal t6 the quarter feflionsj giving ten days notice. Writings to be without Gamps. Proceedings not to be quifhed for want of form, C Expenses of this act how to be paid. LI mtarion of actions. General issus. Treble cogs. Public af.

CAP XLIX

An act to vefi certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in truflecs, for the better fecurmg his Majesty's dock, ships, and pres, at Chatham.

WHEREAS, by reason of the hojlile intentions of the courts Preamble of France and Spain to invade these realms, and of the great preparations made in the said kingdoms for that purpose, it is tysme absolutely necessary, for the present and future protection and security, .as.wll of his Majesty's dock, ships of war, andstores, at Qbatham, as of the town of Chatham, to ere ft and raise additional ftrtifcatms and intrenchments: and whereas the lands herein after trjntioned, lying near the said dock and town of Chatham, are wanted sir tj>$ purpose of being made use of to ere ft and raise such fortifica C'>w(j

106 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 49* [17s0/'

lions and intrenchments: and whereas many of the owners and pro prietors of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, necessary to he pur chased, may injiji on large and extravagant demands for the purchase of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or for the damage and injury they may pretend that they Shall sustain by reason of such fortifications and intrenchments: and whereas many persons may pretend to claim or have title to the same lands, tenements, or beredita ments, so that it may be doubtful to whom a compensation ought to be made, which cannot be determined without the aid of parliament: to the end therefore that the true and real value of such Itnds, tenements, and hereditaments, may be ascertained, and the actual and real owners and proprietors may have a juji and reasonable fatisfuftion for fmh lands, tenementsy and hereditaments, or for any claim or right thereto: may it please your majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the ascertain pieces tfyority of the same. That all those pieces, parts of pieces, or of land, and parcels of land, containing in the whole by estimation six acres, tbcrninto be or thcreabouts> be the same more or less, situate, lying, and longing, in*being, in the pariihes of Saint Margaret's and Chatham, tn the the pan(hes of county of Kent, or one of them, extending from a plate called Saint Marga star lane to the foot of chatham hill, and au tenements and th^kkcnu hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, which*said several pieces or parcels of land now or lfcte were the property of, or in the tenure or occupation of, Stevens,

Sharp, Tomlyn, Francis Bond,

the brethren of Saint bartholomew's hospital, George Glover, Kentish, Joseph Long lay, James Be ft, and Wbitacre; and also all those pieces or parcels of land, containing by estimation fortyfive acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the property of Francis Wadman Esquire, and all tenements and hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, situate, lying, and being in the said parishes of Saint Margaret's and Chatham, or in one of them; abutting north on certain lands belonging to miss Buck and Mr. Thomas Baker, west on a certain road leading from star lane to Horfied, and east on certain lands belonging to miss Bogburjl 5 and ako all that piece or parcel of waste ground, abutting east on the lands of the said Francis Wadman herein before described, and miss Buck, and west on a certain lane leading from star lane to snorditch bottom, and all tenements and hereditaments to the % same belonging or appertaining; and also all that piece or parcel of ground, containing by estimation four acres and an half, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, being the property of the said miss Buck, and all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abutting north on the ptefent turnpike road leading from star lane to chathatn hill, west on the said lane leading to snorditch bottom, fbuth on land of the said Francis Wadman, and east on land of the said Thomas Baker and also all those feveraf pieces or parcels of hud, containing

1780.] Anno vjctfuno Gkoroii III c.49. 107

by tftimatiqn nine acre, or dtereabputs, be the same more or lei, being type property of the said Thomas, situate, lying, and being in die said parishes of Saint Margaret's and,

or one of them, abutting south partly on the said turnpike road from star lam to cbatbam hill, and partly on the lands of hams tyniman esquire, herein before described, east on Chatham Chtft land, and north on lands belonging to the brethren at Saint Bartholomew's hefpkaj, matter Francis, and others, and U tenements and hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining; and alfp all those pieces or parcels of land, containing by estimation fourteen acres and an half, or thereabouts, be the same more or left, being the property of raift Btghtrfi, apd all tenements and hereditament to the same belonging, abutting north partly on Chatham Chest land, and partly 00 the said turnpike road from star lam to west

partly 00 the said Chatham Chtft land, and partly on the lands of Francis /^<?4«t9£squire, herein before described, and east on another parcel of the said Chatham Chtft land t and also one small piece or parcel of land, being also the property of the said mlt Bsgburst, and all tenements and hereditaments thereto be

or appertaining, situate, lying, and being oa the north the find turnpike road from star lam to chatham bill, and abutting Couth, on the said turnpike road, and northwest and east upon pwt of the said Chatham Cbeft land; and also all those piece or parcel of land, containing by estimation seven tetn pares, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, belonging to the chest at Chatham, and all tenements and hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, Gtuate, lying, and being to the north and south of the said turnpike road from star lam to chatbtm hill, and abutting partly on the said road, and partly on the lands of the said miss Bagburjl and mailer Thomas Baktr% herein before described 5 and also all that piece or parcel of land, coataining by eftipiation three acres, belonging to the brethren of Saint bartholomew's hospital, add all tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abutting west partly on other ground belonging to the said brethren, and partly on the laodsofthe said Thomas Baker herein before described, and on the town gardens, south on lands of the said Thomas Baker before described, east on part of the Chatham Chest land herein before (fcfcribcd, and north on other town gardens; and also all those {dengs pr parcels of land, containing by estimation eight acres, qr§b«reahoiits, be the same more or less, being city land, and aqfcnc^wm* and hereditaments tq the same belonging or ap psmimng, poe parcel thereof abutting north on the turnpike ip§j fmro star lane to Chatham aforesaid, call ou the lands of Whitacre esquire, and well on other city lands; sod .other parcel thereof abutting south on the said turnpike igfd, north ou a certain lane parting the same from the lands ht. Japes hest esquire, east on the land of Dqjh Rhodes esquire, pad west op part of Chatham Chest land herein before described; thef* piece or parcel of land containing by efti,

matioa

. Anno vicesimo gtorgh III C 49. [1780.

mation twenty acres, or thereabouts, be the same more or lefc, belonging to the said jvhitacre, and all tenements

and hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, one parcel thereof abutting north and west on part of the city lands hereinbefore described, and east on a certain road leading from the said turnpike toad to Maidftoney and other parcel thereof abutting north on the said turnpike road, east on lands belong, ing to Bryant, and west on the said road leading

to Maidstone and alio all that piece or parcel of land, containing by estimation half an acre, or thereabouts, belonging to the said bafts Rhodes, and all tenements and hereditaments to the same belonging or appertaining, abutting south on the said turnpike road From star lane to chatham hill, west on ciry lands herein before described, and east and north on a certain lane parting the same from the lands of James Best esquire 5 and alb all that piece or parcel of land, containing by estimation eight acres and an half, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, now or late the property of the said James Best and ah tenements and hereditaments thereto belonging or appertaining, abutting south on a certain lane parting the same from the city land and land of the said Daft) Rhodes before described, west on parcel of the said Chatham Chest land, north on other lands of the said James Best, and east on a certain lane called Room Lanai and alio a piece, part of a piece or parcel of land, containing by estimation half an acre, or thereabouts, be the same more or less, extending from south to north through a certain piece of city land which abuts south on the said turnpike road, west on Room Lane, and north and east on a lane dividing the same from the lands of the said James Rest, and all tenements and hereditaments to the said piece, part, or parcel of land, belonging or appertaining; and also all those tenements, roeffuages, and buildings, belonging to the Three Horfejboes, and all ways, paths, and passages, advantages and appurtenances, to all and every the said several pieces or parcels of ground, herein before mentioned and described, belonging, or in any wise appertaining, or heretofore held, used, occupied, or enjoyed therewith, or with any part thereof, shall be, and they are hereby vested and settled, and declared and taken to be in the actual and real poftessionand feilin of the right honourable sir Fletcher Norton speaker of the house of commons, the honourable Charles Marsham, and Thomas Knight junior esquire, their heirs and assigns for ever, in trust nevertheless for such person orpersons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, as, at or immediately before the time of making this a, were the several and respectivf owners and proprietors thereof, according to their several estates and interests therein at the same time, in possession, reverfian, remainder, or otherwise, until such estates and interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, or possession thereof taken by the principal officers of his majesty's ordnance or engineers, or other officers acting under rheir authority, which they are hereby impowtrtd to do .whenever it shall be found aecefiary for his majesty's fcrvicci and the several sum or Turns

of

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 49. <.109

of money, and interest for the same, after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the gross sum that shall be assessed for the true and real value thereof, in manner and form as is herein after mentioned and expressed, shall be paid.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Reafonabfc reasonable and just com pen sat ion and fatisfaiftion shall be made, compensation out of the next aids to be granted in parliament, for and in j£cbcr^c rcfpetf of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, before out'of the mentioned, to all and every person and persons, bodies politic next parjia and corporate, ecclesiastical and civil.'mentary aids.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, His Majesty*for the better ascertaining the several owners and pro jmpowered, prietorsof the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and ^ntonde^the their respective titles and claims thereto, it shall and iryay be great^lawful to and for his Majesty, by one or more commission or appoint pom commissions, by letters patent under the great leal of Great missionersto Britain, to authorise and appoint any number of persons to be ms to the commissioners to hear and determine all titles and claims that jakhanda, C shall or may be made to the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to any part or parcel thereof; which commissioners, hbw they are foto be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby to proceed, amhorifed and required, and shall and may, in a summary manner, proceed, act, and determine, by and upon the testimony of vritneffes upon oath, (which oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered to adminlfter, ) inspection, and examination of deeds, writings, and records; or, if requefteii by the parties interested, by the inquest of twelve good and lawful men, to be impannelkd and sworn in manner herein.>

after mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said ways, j 1 »

or otherwise, according to their discretion, all and all manner J of rights, estates, and interests, and all controversies, debates, and questions, which shall happen and arise between any person or persons whomsoever, or any other matter or thing relating to arty of the premises, or any part thereof, and shall have power to send tor any person or persons, and oblige them to produce their deeds or writings, upon oath, relating to any of the same premises; and shall and may, by agreement with the rtspective person or persons that shall be determined to be the owners and proprietors of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or by the inquest of the said twelve good and lawful men to be impannelled and sworn, inquire, proceed, a and determine, touching and concerning the true and real value of the said premises, or any part or parcel thereof; anld Judgements the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby and dearees of required to cause all their judgements and decrees to be entered to b^cnteret ftirly in books, which judgements and decrees shall exprcflly jn books, C mention and specify the respective house or houses, or other meffaages or tenements, number of acres or parcels of land, with their several abuttals and boundaries, together with the name or, names of every personpr persons interested respectively in the same, and the respective sum or sums that dull be (0

agreed

tio

Copies thereof to be laid before both houses of par H ament.

Cotmriiffioners to issue their warrants to fheriifsto sum snon juries

who are to inquire into the value of lands

C

an8o vfcdfim& Georgii III C 49. [ t780.

agreed for or affefleu' by the faief jury to be paid for tfc same refpcdlively; which judgements anid decree shall' likewise be fairly ingrossed on parchment, and certified so the clerk of the crown in chancery, and to the king's remembrancer in his majesty's court of exchequer; and such judgements and decrees, made as aforesaid, shall be final, arid shall conclude all and every person and persons, bodies politic: and corporate, ecclesiastical and civil, their heirs, successors, executors, administrators, and assigns nefpedlively, notwithftartding any dilability ojr incapacity whatsoever.. law, ftatnfo, or custom, or other matter or tiling whatsoever, to the' contrary norwithrf^nding; copies of which said judgements and detrees shall be laid forth with before both houses of parliament that a just and reasonable compensation and fatisfatfion may be made to the several owners and proprietors of the said lanth, tenetnettts, and hereditaments.

IV And be it further eriadtetf by the authority aforesaid, That, forrhe better carrying the said Comrtiilfiori or cpmmifgons into execution, the said comtnlffioners, to be appointed in and by the said commifliori or commillions, or arty five or more of them, shall and lawfully may, and are hereby authorised and required to ifliie forth their warrant of warrants, under their hands and Teals, to be directed to the sheriff of the county of Kent, thereby commanding him to impanriel, summon, and return, before the said comtrllffioners, at such times and places as shall be appointed in such warrant or warrants, a good and fofficient jury of twenty soar good arid lawful men, qualified to serve upon juries at the afllzes for the said county, who, upon their oaths, (which oaths the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have power ro administer)) inquire into the true and real value of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and every part or parcel thereof, and who respectively are the owners arid proprietors' thereof, and their respective eftares and interests therein: and the better to eriable the said jurors" to make such inquiry, the said commissioners shall arid lawfully may direct, in such their warrant or warrants to the said sheriff, a view to be taken, by six or more of the said jurors, of the feverfcl lands; tenements and hereditaments, in the find county, at sometime previous to the meeting of the said commissioners; and the sheriff of the said, county of Kent upon the receipt of such warrant or warrants frqm the said commissioners as aforesaid, is hereby required to impannel, summon, arid return, twenty-four good and lawful men, qualified to serve upon juries at the assizes for the said county; and in the mean time to' have six or mere of the said jurors, so tm panndled andsworn, to view the said lands, tenements, ad hereditaments; arrd, at the return of such warrant or warranty, to attendee said'commissioners, with his bailiffs'or oncers, if) prove, if neceffaiy, the furtimortsof the jurors foto he impsq nelfed arid returned refpedhvefy* upon oath, (which oath the said commissioners, or five or more of them, (naif have power to administer to the said (hefiff, attd his bailiffs ahd officers, or

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii ikk c.49. in

any or either of them: ) and in case the said fhariff, and his Penalty on bailiffe and officers or any or either of them, shall ntgie& or or refuse (being duly ftrved with such warrant or warrants of the said comoiitfioaors, fourteen day before the return thereof) fruit

to impannel, summon, and return, such jury of good and lawful men, as aforesaid, or other wise refuse to execute such warrant or warrants, or shall not attend the said commissioners with his bailiffs and officers, who shall fumxnon the said jurors, at the return of such warrant or warrants as aforesaid*and in either of the said cases, the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to impose a fine on such fherifi, bailiffs, and officers, or any or either of them, so making default, not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lets thin ten pounds, for any one offence; and in case the said and also on jurors, foto be impannelied, summoned, and returned, or any jurors, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to appear at the return

of och warrantor warrants, and to be sworn for the purpose

aforesaid, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said commissioners then assembled and met, or any five or more of them, to impose a fine upon each and every of the jurors so impannelied, summoned, and returned, and

(without lawful excuse, to be allowed of by the said commissioners

then sitting, or the major part of them, ) making default,

or refufing/to: her sworn, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds

of lawful mtmeyof Great Britain \ winch fine and fines foto be

imposed and fet, the said commi dinners are hereby authorised

and requiredito eftreat into his majesty's court of exchequer,

to be levied fio.the uje of his Majesty.

V And be it further enacted by tbfc authority aforesaid, incafearuf thar in casea sufficient jury fhsdl not appear upon the return ficient jury of the said warrant or warrants to take the inquest, it shall and flleal1

may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any five or turnofthe wore of them to adjourn the said inquest to any future day, warrant, com lot exceeding fourteen days, nor left than four days, from the mihioners may journment thereof, and to issue out their warrant or warrants adjourn the impannclling, lummoning, and returning, an equal number their war r jurors to those so making default, who, together with the rant for fom irors before returned by the sheriffof the said county of Kent, moning other on such second warrant or warrants afterwards to be issued, jurors in room r upon any future warrant or warrants, adjournment or ad 0 C au cr8* lurnments, (which the said commissioners, or any five or more them, are hereby authorised to issue and make, from time to te, until a sufficient jury can be had, ) shall inquire afc aforesaid.

VI Provided always, That twelve good and lawful men Commission 11 be sufficient to take the inquest aforesaid; and that in case ?rs» th

velvc, or more, not exceeding twenty-three in the whole, shall ear and be sworn to take such inquest, then, and in such' adjourn, ce, the said commissioners shall continue and sit, from day to, until the said inquest shall be taken; and, after'the^hquefl iali. be taken, may adjourn to some future day for making icir judgements and decrees thereon,

YU. And,

4

f i t Anno vicefiraog£orgii III 0.4$., ji?8o«

Commissioners VII And, to the intent that no per fan or persons may have anj

10 give notice (aure Of pretence for not appearing to make out their claims or title to pie ious to. J r ir.. rr 10 *.,

their 1 e pee jql "tands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part or parcel

live meetings, thereof \ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That five or more of the said commissioners shall give notice in writing twenty-one days at lead before their meeting, which writing shall be affixed at the gates of the dock at Chatham, and on the door of the townhall of rjochester, and shall likewise be published in the London Gazette, and if any person or persons shall neglecs or refuse to appear, or when he or they shall appear, shall wilfully refuse to (hew his or their deeds or writings relating to the premises, that then the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, and the jurors to bc'impannelled and sworn upon such inquest, shall proceed, upon the best information they can get or have, to make such inquest, judgements, and decrees, as before directed; and all such judgements and decrees, being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, immediately from and after the time that payment shall be made of the sum and Turns of money foto be agreed for, or assessed by the said jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, to the owners

How they are to proceed it owners mane default in appearing, dec.

On payment ot the (urns affefied by jury. C truttees to be deemed fei'ed

fomhe^of* anc propr*etors f the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, his Majesty, herein before mentioned, or, to any or either of them, the trustees

herein before mentioned shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seized of such part and parcel of the said pretniies as shall be so paid for, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and focceffors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all and all manner of right, title, claim, and demand, whatsoever, that can or may be made by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil.

Commissioners IX And whereas that part of the turnpike road called The New Jm powered to Chatham T urnpike Road, zobicb extends from the east'eni of star turnpike^rond 1 an to the foot of chatham hill, is included within the lands tt be instead of that purchased for the purposes of this act: and whereas it may he nttf included in theory, for the public service, to alter the cottrfe of the said turnpike lands to be rw, it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to fhcpur^fes an fr le fai<* commissioners, and they, or any five or more of this act. of them, are hereby authorised and empowered, if they think proper, to set out, within the lands foto be purchased, another road of the breadth of thirty feet, and to make and form the same in the manner of a turnpike road; and that, from and after the time that the said new road shall be ib completed, and fourteen days notice thereof given to the clerk of the trufiecs of that said turnpike road, the said new road shall be veiled in the foetid turnpike trustees, for the purposes, and subject to the powers and provisions of the a for making the said turnpike roadvaod that that part of the said turnpike road which extends fiocn the end of star lane to the foot of chatham hill, shall no longer be iubjedt to the power and eontfoul of^theiaid turnpike trustees

but

178b.] aiuiavlie&^oeoiioix HI. C 4^. frig

biittlg trustees say this act appointed (bail be deemed and ad jogged toftand tiled of the same, taand for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever,

. X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commissioner it Act and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or to examine'any five or more of them, upon the complaint of any owner or iot? 00, 11' owners, occupier or occupiers, of any other lands, tenements, nm

joining lands, C and to

and hereditaments, adjoining to any part of the lands, tene meats, and hereditaments, by this act veiled in the said trustees that he, she, or they have received any damage by the erecting make n dr completing of the said fortifications and iritrenchments, or of ^j!, rhcc. any of the works thereto belonging, or any other the purposes Ccived. of this act, to examine into and hear every such complaint, and Hull make an estimate of such damage, and shall return fijcli estimate with, and in the manner they are herein before dirked to return, the aforesaid judgements and decrees.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. How the pro That no private building or buildings shall be made or reed

noon any of the lands veiled by this act as aforefafd; and t{iat trustees^all the wkble profits arising, or that shall hereafter arise, from the be applied, laid lands, be, and are hereby appropriated and applied for and towards the erection and reparation of the said fortifications and immnehments, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever; and all and Angular the premises shall be, and are hereby enacted and declartfl to be, unalienable from the crown; neither shall any part of the said premises be demised or demifeable, otherwise than during pleasure only.

XII provides always, and be it enacted, That no commis Commissionert fiooer, who shall be employed in the execution of this act, (hah "he penalties be Gable, for or by reason of such execution, to any of the pc mentioned in nahies mentioned in an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the an act of

* reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for prevent as Car X tog dingers which may happen from popi/h recusants)) in one in 1 GI other a ft, made in the first year of the reign of King William and Marc ** Qoeen Mary, (entitled. An act for the abrogating the oaths of farematy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths)) in one »s&*4guu other ad, made in the parliament held in the thirteenth and C 1 fourteenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third,

(iflrimled. An act for the better security of his Majesty's person, and tbffitccession of the crown in the protestant fine; and for extinguishing tbtbopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders,

.Mibeiropen andfeeret abettors; ) or in oneotheraft, made in igeo.e.c.ij; inf khlofent begun and held in the first year of. the reign tihkrhg George the First, (entitled, An act for the better security if Ih Mafofh's person and government, and the juccession of he fetv0bm the heirs of the fate primefs Sophia, being prohftants; and fw&tingmfbing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, at.il 'tibofth and feertt abettors.)*Com nri(doners

\XHI. Provided also, and be it enacted, Thar such commis not difquali ftters as Ills Majesty shall nominate for the purposes In this fiedfrom tor any of them shall not, j>y reason thereof in any sort be Vol. XXXIII I dif p

l»ooq[e

if

This act not to aflfeft the privilege of the city of Rocheftcr*

Preamble

Recital of an act 8 Geo* a.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 50. [ 1780* I

disabled or disqualified from sitting in the house of commons, or their election thereby become void; any law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

XIV Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in this act contained shall in any manner lessen, afsect, abridge, prejudice, or derogate from, any right, privilege, or franchise, of the city of Rocbejier, in the county of Kent, or the jurisdiftiooof the mayor and citizens of the said city within the limits of the said city; but that the same shall continue in the same (late and coudition as they were entitled to before the making of this act

A P. L

An act for exempting the city of Winchester, (be county of Southampton, (be town of Shrewibury, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an act made in the eightb year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of the election of members to serve in parliament; so far as the same relates to the removal of troops during the parliament, for a limited time

WHEREAS by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament; it is recited, That by the ancient common-law of this land all elections ought to be fret; and that by an act passed in the third year of Edward the First it is commanded, that no man, by force of arms, or malice or menacing, fall dijlurb any to make free election: and that Jorajmuch as the freedom of elections of members to serve in parliament, is of the utmost confe quince to the preservation of the rights and liberties of this kingdom, and that it has been the usage and practice to cause any regiment, troop, or company, or any number of soldiers, which bath been quwr tend in any city, borough, town, or place, where any election of members to serve in parliament hath been appointed to be madey to remove and continue out of the same during the time of such election, (except in such particular cases as therein after fpedfied); it is therefore enacted. That when and as often as any election of any member or members to serve in parliament shall be appointed to be made, the Jecretary at war, or the person who shall officiate in the plate of the fecretaryat war, shall, at same convenient time before the day appointed for such election, issue and send forth proper orders for the removal of allfoldiers who shall be quartered or billetted in any city, borough, town, or place, where such election shall be appointed to be made, out of every such city, borough, town, or place, one day at leqfl before the day appointedfor such election, to the distance of two or more miles from fitch city, borough, town, or place, and not to make any nearer approach thereto, until one day at leaf after the poll to be taken at such election shall be ended, and the poll books clofei, under certain penalties and difi abilities in the said act mentioned: and whereas, by a provision in tie said a ft, it is declared, That nothing therein contained shall extend, of

elections of members to serve in

u5

{jso.] Ahnd vicesimo Georgii lit. c.56.

ft ctofirued to extend, to the city and liberty of Westmiofter, or tbt hrgvgb */ South war and in respect of the guards of his m.d.. jesty, his heirs or jueceffors, nor to any city, borough, town, or place, mere his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or arty of the royal family, fall happen to be or re side dt the time of any such election as ajoresaid, for or in respect of such number of troops or soldiers only as hall be attendant as guards to his Majesty, his heirs or fuuejfors, or to such Other person of the royalfamily as is aforesaid, nor to any cajlleffort; irfortified place, where any garrtfon is usually kept, for or in respect if fitch number of troops or soldiers only whereoffuch garrtfon is com poftd: and whereas in the city of Winchester there is a house of palace belonging to his Majesty, which it has been found neceffery to ife as a prifin Jor confining and guatding a large number of French ad Spanish ft: /oners, and that a number of thops have, for same time pafi, been Jlatlonei in the aid city for the purpose of guarding fath frifaners: and whereas the number of such prisoners are fa great tbit they could not be removed durtng any election of members to serve in parliament for the said city, without great difficulty, expense, and hazard of escape: and whereas the removal of the said troops, necessary for the guard of such prisoners, would be attended with manifest danger, not Only to the inhabitants of the said city, and persans resorting thereto, but to the public in general: therefore, in order to the better guarding and safe keeping of such prisoners during the time of any such ekttion; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by add with the advice and consent of the lords, spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this nrefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That nothing in the said act contained shall extend, or he construed to extend, to the said city, for such time only as it shall be found necessary to detain such prisoners of war in the said house or palace, and so far as the sane relates to such troops or soldiers only as are necessary fof the purpose of guarding any such prisoners of war, ; provided that the number of such troops shall not, during the timed of filch dectton, exceed the proportion of three soldiers to every twenty prifoiters so Confined; and provided' that such proportion of the said troops, as are hot actually upon guard, shall, daring filch election, remain in the barracks until it is necessary to relieve the said guard, after which time, the former guard shall immediately return to the said barracks, and so alternately daring the continuance of such election.

II And whereas the said city of Winchester is the usual place for bolding elections for the county Southampton: and whereas by an 48) made in the seventk and eighth years of King William the Third, fbftbe further regulating elections of members to serve in par bttent* and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs, wmother officers, in electing and returning such members, it is 0op8$i, That upon every election of any knight of the fare, the jheriff fall bold his county court at the meft public and usual place of elerian, and where the same has been usually held for forty years: an fwhereas tbt find city Winchester it the place at which the said county court has been usually held: wherefore, for preventing the Incopvt

12 niences

The recited act nor lo extend to Win. cbeftcr, during the time the prisoners of war are detained there. Sec.

Recital of an a 7 Sc 8 gul I

Any election for a member forhamrsure, during the continuance of this att, shall be brgun at Alreitord. in itead of win cbefter. Sc C

Whilst prisoners of war, shall remain near shrcwf bury, a proper number of troops ftau be permitted to guard them notwithitand ing any election in the said town:

provided that not more than three soldiers te allowed to every twenty' pnloners.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 50. [1780.

nlenses which may happen from an eleflion of a knight of the flirt far the said county of Southampton being held at the said city of Winchester, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any election for a knight of the shire for the said county of Southampton, which shall be held during the continuance of this act shall be begun and held at the town of Alresford, in the said county of Southampton, and that the county court for the said county, at which the said election would otherwise have been made) shall be held at the said town of Alresford, and Hot at Winchester aforesaid; law, usage, or custom, to the contrary Rotwithstanding; and the sheriff of the said county, or his deputy, are hereby authorised and required to adjourn the poll from the said town of Alresford to Newport, in the Ifie of ivigbt, in manner directed in and by an act, made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for the Jurther regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings ofjberiffs, and other officers, in the tie sling and returning fetch members, in relation to adjourning rbe poll from the said city of Westminster.

III And whereas a large building in the neighbourhood of the town of Shrewlbury, and on the oppofitefidt of the rivern Severn, has been lately fitted up for the reception of prisoners of war, and it may become neceffirry, for the better accommodation of such prisoners, to send a considerable number to that place, in which event a certain number of troops will be required for the guard of such prisoners; and whereas the said building is not distant above one mile from the ufua( place of eleflion of members to serve in parliament for the foii tewn of shrew(bury and county of Salop, respectively: and whereas the troops necessary for the guard of such prisoners cannot with fafity be removed during the time of such elefl'ton; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall not be necessary, during the continuance of such prisoners there, to remove from the said building or prison the troops necessary for a proper guard of such prisoners; and that It (hail be lawful for ooe relief of the said guard to come, and return from whence, once in every twenty-four hours, for the puepofe of such relief during any election to be held for the said county or town respectively; anything m the said act of the eighth year of his late majesty King George the Second to the contrary notwithstandtng. -

IV Provided always, and be it enacted, That not more than in the proportion of tnree soldiers to every twenty prjforiers shall be suffered to remain as a guard at the said building during any such election; and that the soldiers necessary for the relief of the said guard shall be quartered and remain, during such eledioo, in the villages on the fourh west side of the said river Severn, and distant at lead two miles from the said refpe&ivc places of election; and that none of the said troops shall, during the time aforesaid, come to that side of the said river where fu<fh elections respectively have been usually held, nor within any part of what is known and reputed to be the voting liberty of the said town..

... And

)ogle

178a] Anno videfimo Georgii III c.51. 117

V And be it further «nacted, That this act shall continue in Continuance force until the end of the next session of parliament. of tbi* aft.

I

CAP. U.

An act for Totaling an o£j> made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to hisma jesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons letting horses to hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned j and certain duties on allhorfes let to hire for the purposes of travelling pod, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof \ '

WHEREAS by an asfy made in the laji feffm of parliament, Preamble.

intituledy An act for granting to his Majesty certain du Recital of ties on licences to be taken out by all persons letting horses to t90eo.^%c.5i» hire, for travelling in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling port, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned; it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth dayptf July, one thousand ftven hundred and seventy nine, there Jboulate raised9 levied, collefledy and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the feve rod rates and duties following *, (that is to say)y That every pojlmafier9 innkeeper, or other persony in Great Britain, who should let to hire any her ft for the purpose of travelling pofi by the mi lay or from stage to flagty or, being a per fin usually letting horses to hire, should let to " sir a dayy or any less period of time, any horse for drawing any dchy chariot, or chaise, or any other carriage used in travelling pofi,

/bcu!}yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

'sum of five billings for a licence for that purpose; that for and in'p: ft of every horse hired by the niih or fiagt to he used in travelling 1 in Great Britain, there Should be charged a duty of one penny for cry mile such horse should he hired to travel pojl\ and that for and n respect of every horse hired for a day, dr any less period of time, cor drawing on a pofi or other pubrck ready any coach, chariot, or haifity or any other carriage used in travelling pofi, *there should be bargedy if the di/lance should be then afcertained9 toe sum of one penny er friili; and if the dutance should not then bo afcertainedy there \ 'i be charged the sum of twelve pence for and in respect of each: rfi fi hired \ such duty to be paid by the per sin or persons by whom b horse should be hired; that every perfin who Should keep any four eeled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a Diligence, or ft coach, or by what name fiever such carriages then were, or reafter should be called or knowny for the purpose of conveying in be inside thereof any number of pajfengersy not exceeding foury for rty to and from fiageto stage y or from place to placey Should yield and vannually unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five 1 iffitigs sir a licence for that purpose \ every four wheeled chaise, other machine, commonly called a Diligence or pod coach, or by oat name fotver such carriages then were, or unreafter should be

13 called

After Aug. i, 2780. the duties granted by the recited a shall be repealed s

and instead thereof, the following duties shall be paid to his Majesty; viz. Every postmaster, See. who shall let horfet to hire for travelling post, for an annual licence, 58.:

.Anno vitefuno Georgii III C 51; [1780,

tailed or known, for the purpose of conveying in the inside thereof any number of passengers, no exceeding four, for hire, to and fromftatfi to stage, or from plate to place, Should be charged with a duty of one halfpenny per mile such carriage ball travel, to be paid by the owners thereof: and whereas the payment of the said rates and duties hasp been greatly evacted; we, your Majesty's mo ft dutiful and loyaljubjeffs the commons of Great Britain, in parliament oj/ef$blljl, do therefore ifhinii that it tpill be for the oavantage of the public to refeat the present rates and duties, and to grant unto your Majesty the feyerol pew rates and duties herein after mentiopest, to be applied to the nfes and purposes which the said rates and duties granted by the abovementioned a fly mode in the lafi session of parliament, are now applicable unto; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be nr a sled, and be it enacted by the king's most excellent mtieftj, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirifual mi temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled and by the authority of the, same, Thar, from and after the 6rft day ox August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the rates and duties granted by an at, made in the lad ferfion of parliament, (^ptituled. An afi for granting to bif Majesty certain duties on licenss to be taken out by all per Jons letting horses to hire, for era, in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on as horses let to hire for the purposes of travelling post, and by time, sni upon certain carriages therein mentioned), shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable; except only such moneys as shall have been received, or shall be payable, by th; several postmasters, innkeepers, and other persons, for anct'en account of the said rates and duties, at anytime on or before (he said first day of August, and which shall be unaccounted for wtki unpaid by them to the several collectors. appointed by virtues the said act to receive the same, and the several bonds given, and ( licences granted, in pursuance of the said act.

II And be it further enacted by the authority uforptifa That from and after the said first day of August, there shall be railed, levied collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his hairs and successors, the several rates and duties following; (thatit to say, ) That every Doftmaster, innkeeper, or other person^iq Great Britain, who mall let to hire anv horse for the purmfe of travelling post by the mile, or from stage to stage, or, *befqg a person ufuajly letting horses to hire, shall let to hire for a day, or any less period of time, any horse for drawing rift coach, berlin, landau, chariot calash with four wheels, chdpb» marine, chaise with four wheels, or any calalh, chaise, or chgh, with two wheels, or any other carriage used in travelling or otherwise, by whatlbever name such carriages now areyot hereafter may be called or known, for or in respect whereof f rate or duty, rates or duties, under the management of: OW commissioners of excifp for the time beings now is or are mad payable by any statute or statutes heretofore made, and now in force, shall yield and pay annually unto his Majesty, bis'heirs

1780.} Anno vicesimo Georgii HL C 51. 119

heirs and successors, the fuen of five shilling for a licence for

that purpose; that for and in respect of every horse hired by

the mile or fiage to be used in travelling port in Great Britain,

there be charged a duty of one penny for every mile such horse

shall be hired to travel pod; and that for and in respect of every Every person

horse hired for a day, or any less period of time, for drawing, on hiring horses

a opft or other public road, any coach, berlin, landau, chariot,

calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, horse,

or any calash, chaise, or chair, with two wheels, or any other id. per mile;

carriage used in travelling post, or otherwise, by whatsoever or it. rfd. per

name such carriages now are, or hereafter may be called or dlftance

known, for or in refpe# whereof any rate or.duty, rates or du ^

ties, under the management of the copimissioners of excise for ascertaineds

the time being, now is or are made payable by any statute or

statutes heretofore made, and now in force, there shall be char:

ed, if the difiancc shall be then ascertained, the sum of one

petfny per mile, and if the difiance shall not then be ascertained,

there shall be charged the sum of one shilling and sixpence for

and inrefped of each horse so hired; such duty to be paid by everypswbn

the per (bn or persons by whom such horse shall be so hired;

that every person who (nail keep any four wheeled chaise, oremb^wtber

other machine, commonly called a Diligence or pol coach or four wheeled

by what name soever, carriages now are, or hereafter shall carriajge, for

be called or known, for the purpose of conveying in the inside

thereof any number of pafiengers, not exceeding four, for hire,

to apd from stage to fiage, or from place to place; or who shall for hire, or

keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, cala(h with four wheel, any cbalfe^marine, chaise, with four wheels, or other carriage, by ** _ what name soever the same now is, or hereafter shall be called nuaii^ys^for

or known, to be employed as public fiage coaches or carriages, a licence; for the purpose of conveying pafiengers for hire to and from dist feiem places in the kingdom of Great Britain shall yield.and p; annua}ly unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the/urn of five Shillings for a licence for that purpose; and that every and fliallalfo fopr whecled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a Di owhalf kgtw or poi coach, or by what name soever such carriages now ev^nsi are, or hereafter shall be called or known, for the purpose of con such carriage vcying in the inside thereof any number of pafiengers, not ex foall travel, ceding four, for hire, to and from fiage to fiage, or from place todace; and that every coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, or: ojjhcr carriage, by what name soever the same now is, or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as public stage cojicbes or carriages, for the purpose of conveying pafiengers for, bite to and from different places in the kingdom of Great Bri taitu shall be, and the same is hereby charged with a duty of one halfpenny for every mile such carriage or carriages as aforesaid..

travel, to be paid by the owner or owners thereof respec fively: and for the better and more effectual railing, levying, The collecting, and paying, the said rates and duties herein before jjjjj jhe^a?* granted, the lame shall be under the government, care, and ma nagcment of

14 nagement, tuecommif

Penalty on petton'g letting out horses to travel post, C without a licence

12a artflo Vicefiri* Gtbkoil Ilf. £1 57;

fionert for the nagement, bf the commissioners for he time bfeing appblrifefl td stamp dutiet. manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heir and foccfcf*' sort, and charged on damped vcihun, parehtflsent, and paper who, or the major part of them, arse'hereby required iiii powered to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incident charges, ai (bail be necessary*and to provide and use such marks or ftatfipsr* as they (hail think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the ftmej from rhyme to time, as there shall be occasion; and to do ih other' acts, matters, and things, deceflary to be done for putting this' aft in execution, with relation to the said fates and duties Hereby gratked; in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, 1»or the major part bf them are authorised to put in executibh anjr; of the laws now in being concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of yfugufly one thousepd (evert hundred and eighty, no peffon whatftefver, required by this act: to be Jicensed, shall, urde fs he or she be authorised and enabled' In Ihe mariner hertfrt after prescribed, let oat any Kotfeforhire* eitfier by the mileotflrage.or to draw any coach, berhri; lantlani chariot, ca)a(h with four wheels, chaifc^tdahnc, chcife with four*or any calaftf, cbalfe, or chair, with two wheels, br dhy*Other carriage afed in travelling !pott, 'or btherwife, by wbatfo 1 ever names such carriages now are, or hereafter may be dihetj ( or known, upon which any rate or duty rates or dutwk, utidec^the management of the commissioners of ekcife sat the thrtfe hewing, is or are reserved or made payable, for a day, of any'left> pcrrbdbf time, upon pain to forfeit, for every such offence, thfb sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as heneiri aftec is directed.

Any two IV And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaits, commissioners That, from and after the passing of this act, any two or more of ot tbeeasap. his majesty's commissioners appointed for managing the duties (on ring stamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, or some pdr i

by the, mmy son duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such per graat licences fons who shall apply for the same, to let out horses for hire, in for letting out manner aforesaid, in any city, town, or other place, within Great horses to hire, j for the space of one year, to commence from the said first day of tfugtijly one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upbn all licences to be granted on or before that day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day toiaugttjiyom thousand seven hundred and eighty, to commence frbm the day of the date of every such licence 3 and all and every person Or persons Who shall take out such licence for letting out hbrfes for hire in manner aforesaid, shall take out a firefti licfcn£e fdr another year ten days at the least before the expiration of that year for which he, she, or they shall be so licensed, if he, she,

V or they shall continue to let out horses for hire in mantief aforesaid, and shall in like manner Jrenew such licence from year to year, paying down the rcfpeftiye sums due for such licences, as

long

1780.3 ahtioih. £.$Y. III

long is (Uj, fife, 'or they shall cbtilihilfc^o let out fwrffes finv hire

id mtaper jtfbrdaw. y. ahthfo it fiirtfrer enacted by ths buthority dfortfiw, That person to io poftmastet, innkeeper, or other perron whahbevkr, Ifettifed {*** mor ortobthcvtifed by authority of this a, shall, bjf virtui of phc "f^feuin* licence, keep more than one inn, house, or other place, tbr let horses, by VI luting horses for the purposes aforesaid; but for each ami every tue of one inn, hpuse; Or Other place, which any postmaster, innkeeper, or licence, otter person, shall ketep for the pdrpofes aforesaid, atepatate and diftibs licence shall be taken out and paid for by such postmaster, mtokefcper, or other person.

VL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Licensed i

mo

etety postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, (o licensed to let keepers^&ct horfci as hcreiri before mentioned, shall Canfe (he words LI tocaufe cer

tfttfri(i kt pojfi kerfis) to be paihted of written, in legi raddsj either ion i(ign httng Out, 1 or in some viftble

ble cha

_ taiu words to, . be painted on

_. place in the fronts of

thefitmtof its, her, or their housey (tables, or out offices, at their houses, the thjiedkve! pftltes it Which he, she, or they lit out hotftt to c before hire as afbrefaitfy to Henote thht Ipch postmaster, innkeeper, or lhe7?tt pttetpeffohj is a letter or furhilher ofhorses, and autherifed toior re fomifrttsveflers with the same parfuint to law; 'and ifarnv post in penalty of mar, (nnfeeeptfr. Or other pfetfo/ri, 'lb lieertfed is aforefhid, shall s1 premtrie wm'btlt 'horfes Yor hire, as herein before mentioned, withyqt fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, - every pofttttfief, innkeeper, or Other person, so offending, 'shall, for tvcfriech offence, forfeit ahd phy the sum of fifopoilftflsj'tofee rccovjmijatm dhbributed asjhbfdth 'stfter hdifddfed.1 1 '

V1L Atad berh further ehatftfch by the iuflfority afofefoid, Innkeepers, thatevcrr'pdfttft after, innkeeper, or Other person, (b licensed as '"'bo fur

ifortwjitoffy if he, fhc, or they, fawihh his, her, dr their own ** ^2^? drifts, of'dlher carriages, at the fimie time With suchtiorfeslet 8iallaffi*tbtk lo side to travel post as afovefoidy thiftk or paihfy or chase to be names, and oafed or paffitdd; on the'(hhfiat?3$8nnd of the dbw, 1 br bn of Iboe ttjj^ncdbdirpart of the ijhaflfefor other carriage forribh 2^°"' td, ter, heridrtheir christtartimd fontatnfe, and the hattakw^ouspart city, town, or place, of hisj 'hkf, idr *thejr: srbdde, : to fosgeianff thereof j legible characters, and continue the same thereupon so long as fitchchaife or carriage shall befoused; and if any person or prions shall neglect the same, or mark or paint, or cause to be narked or painted, any false or fictitious name, or place of abode, on fitch chaise or other carriage, he or she shall forfeit, for every on penalty of such offence, the sum of five pounds. s

VEL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, innkeepers, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed as C who fur aforesaid, if he, she, or they furnish his, her, or their own coach n, fll carriages es, berllos, landaus, chariots, calalhes with four wheels, chaise j°^ajre]ej r*marine, chaise with four wheels, or any calalh, chaise, or chair, period of time, with two wheels, or other carriage as aforesaid, at the same time shall affix, withuscfc horses let to hire, for a day or less period of time, for UP "some drawing on a post or other public road, where such carriages p°^pth2eof, shall have a box or other outside seat for the driver thereof, shall j, brass or tin

affix plate, con

taming their names aiu) places of abode

fens]ty on angled, C

Commissioners of tbc stamp duties are to deliver, to every*'person taking out a licence, printed or written ' papers:

Anno vicesimo G^ORGH III C 51* [i; 8a

afl}x qpon fomc conspicuous part erf the foouboard, or other

Sart of such box or seat, a brass or tin plate, upon which there lall bef marked or engraved the christian and fumame of every such owper pr owners, and the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible characters, and continue the same thereon, and replace the same as often as occasion shall require, during the time such coach or other carriage as aforesaid shall be soused; and where such carriages io furnished as aforesaid shall not have a box or other outside seat for the driver thereof, shall affix, upon a conspicuous part of the pole, (haft, or splinter bar of everyjuch chaise or other carriage as afpresaid, a brass or tin plate, upon which there shall be marked or engraved the christian and surname of every such owner and owners, together with the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in large and legible characters, and continue the lame thereon, and replace the fapaeas often as occafian shall require, during the time any such chaise pr other carriage as aforesaid shall be soused: and if any person or persons shall omit or neglect foto do, or mark or engrave, or cause to be marked or engraved, any false or fictitious name or place of abode, on any such pjate foto be affixed on any, such coach, berlin, landau, chariot, chaise, or other carriage as aforesaid, he, she, pr they shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners appointed for managing the duries arising by (lamps on vellum, parchment and paper, shall, at the time or ifiuipg such licence as aforesaid, deliver, or canso to be delivered tppvery postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, foto be liqenfed, primed or written papers, (entitled, stamp office wetkl) account; ) in which shall be inserted the day of the week, and blanks left for the number of horses and miles, and for the day of the month, and the names of the postillions or drivers employed, to be filled up as herein after directed, according to the following form, or such other form as the said commissioners jshall judge cpnycnient for keeping such accounts:

Stamp

1780-) Annos vicesinro Georgii III C 57.

stamp office weekly account

A B: of C

Month and Day. Week and Day. Names of Pqftillions dr Drivers. £ D

A. B. C D. E. F. -| G. H. 1. K L Af. Duty*V J

N. of No of N, 1 of N. of No. of N. of >

Horses. Miles Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses. Miles. Horses Miles. 0 Q

Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday; Friday Saturday i'*- it —*i — > i r5 ^; *n. i h j

till Anno v\ct(m6 g&orgit III C 5f; [178a

also ccr And shall also deliver, or cause to be delivered, a number of ^uin tickets, tickets, onv which Shall be printed or written the words (Starnp Office), an A also the word (Horses), and j, 2, 3, 4, 5» or 6, io figures, as the tickets may be intended to denote the numberst and likewise the word (Miles), except where the horses are hire for a day, or any less period of time, and then, instead of the word (Miles), the words (For a Dty) shall be ip&rted, and also the amounts the duty, at and after the rate of fie shilling and sixpence for each hearse, jaccording to the number of horfep expressed by figures on fuen ticket, and shall take efoecial care that all ptrfops so licensed shall be fufficientlv fumimed with ftch Penalty on of account and tickets; and in case any officer employed in the default execution of this act, in relation to the said rates and duties, ball refuse or neglect to do dr perform any matter or thing by this act required or directed so be done or performed by hirax whereby any of his majesty's subjects shall or may sustain any damage whatsoever, fuefy officer To offending shall be liable, in any action to be founded on this (latute, to answer to the party gn$ye4. all such damages, with treble costs of suit.

X And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Formatters, fa; ^That each and every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, inz theitfirst* censed to horses tor the purposes aforesaid, shall, at th? licence, to rhyme of receiving his, her, or their first licence, give security, by give security bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the fufn of fifty tor the redeli pounds, With a condition that he, she, or they will, whenever unaccounted thereunto required, redfcliver, or cause to be redelivered, the tor, C lamp office tickets which he, she, or they, may have received, and that may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them \ and that he, she, or they, will also deliver to the person ox persons properly authorised, by the commissioners appointed for managing the duties anting by (lamps on vellum, parchment, and paper, : to fnfpeft the same, and to receive the money dye thereon) the fiamp offieje account so delivered to him, her, or; hem, as aforesaid, faithfully made out, signed, and attested, as. herein after dtrested, and make payment of ah such sum and Turns of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and also truly, and firittrfirtlyto tfbfefve and perform all the directions, matters and things, herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf, to de observed and performed; and in case of the nonperformance nr breach of fuen condition, it (hallahcj may be lawful or the said commissioners, or the persons soap, pointed by them, to cadfeeach and every fu^h bond to htpra fecuted according to lawj; and in case of judgement against the defendant, the said coniniffioners may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to such petihivagainst whom such judgement (hag be obtained, any licence! to let horses as aforesaid in future, Pottmatters, XI And'be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid C letting out That all and every pofl(matter, innkeeper, or other person, LI vel pott°(hall ccn^ec* afor^aid, whi shall let horses to hire by the mile ok receive, for the (lagei to be used in tracing post, foal, by themselves orforv ue of his Ma;

i; So.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 51. 125

touts, previous to the using such horse or horses, ak, demand, of the and receive, for the ule of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, p^rn^ir5" 5 of and from the person or persons hiring the same, the sum of for evefy* mile one penny per mile, for each mile such horse shall be so hired each horse it [ to travel, at and after the rate or number of miles, which he, to travel t (he, or they shall charge such traveller or travellers for the stage; distance such horse may be hired to go; and shall, at the j1.1^ Aiall de lame time he or she receives payment of the duty for such horse ftainp^ffice*1 or boifes, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the person or per tickets proper iboi hiring such horse or horses, one or more of the stamp office ly filled up.

, tickets hcrcin before mentioned, as occasion shall require, and to which such poftmafier, innkeeper, or other person, shall add, or cause to be added, if anr innkeeper, the namevof his signor: boufc, if npt an innkeeper, his or her name and he shall also iofert the name of the city, town, or place, where such licensed person resides; and, in words or figures, the month and day of the month, and the number of miles for which such horse or hories are so hired: and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other Penalty on person, under pretence of there not being any turnpike upon the negtftf there rwd through which he may be hired to go, or under any other °*' pretence whatlbever, shall negletf to ak, demand, and receive, the said duty of one penny per mile from such person or persons hiring such horse or horses, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the ticket or tickets, filled up as herein before directed, to such person or perlbns so hiring the horses as aforesaid, such post rafter, innkeeper, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and moreover, in case of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his majcay, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as if bet the, or they, had actually received the same.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Travellers to That all and every traveller or traveliers, to whom the tickets, 4c, ver whereon shall be expressed the number of miles, shall be deli turn pike

veced as aforesaid, if they shall pass through any turnpike, shall, they shall pass at the first turnpike through which he, she, or they shall pass, through. deliver, of cause to be delivered, to the toll gate keeper there, the ticket or tickets so given, to him, her, or them, at the place where he, she, or they hired such horse or horses, which the said folbgatherer is hereby directed tp receive and file 5 and if any on

trsveiler or travellers so going post as aforesaid, shall have nc g C9to take such ticket or tickets, or hall not deliver, or curie the same to be delivered, he, she, or they shall, before such berfct be permitted to pass through such toll gate, pay, for every (wrfe hared and used by such traveller or traveliers, the sum of one filing and sixpence, which lie gate k, ceper is hereby authorised i»a0c and demand, and not permit such horse or horses to pass till he, she, or they shall have paid the same, orvproduced such ticket or tickets as aforesaid.

XUL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pofrm sisters,

Pv? "f *5% i0dkf?pcr* 0t°'hret pfrft' [9 sr

keafed as aferestud, who shall let fojhirp any. hqrfc or horses by^by the

tt the day, thall

n

126 Atind vicditao Georgii III C gti [iybbi

receive, for the the day, Or less period of time, as aforesaid, fhast, by themfefvt* oath" or ^ervants> previous to fych horse or horses beingufcd, ask, de persons hiring mand, and receive, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc them, id. for ceflors, of arid from the person or persons hiring the same, the every mile sum of one penriy per mile for each mile such horse or horses t ^'rec* to S were the distance shall be ascertained, '

and where thediflance shall not he ascertained, then the sum of each horse, one shilling and sixpence for each horse so hired, previous to such where the di horse or horses being rifed $ and shall, at the same time, deliver, stance shall not or cause tq be delivered, to the person of persons so hiring such' be a certain; or horses, one or more of the lamp office tickets iferein and shall de before mentioned, with the words (For a Day) irifertdd thereon, 'J, vert0ffiera ** Occasion shall require; and to which every postmaster, inri ticke^sproper ^cepcr, of other perfori, shall add, or cause to be added, if an innkeeper, the name of his figrf or house, if riot an innkeeper, 'his or her riame, and he shall also insert the rtathfe of the city, town, or place, whete such licehfefd person resides, and, in words or figures; the month, and day of the month; and, if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall neglect to alk, demand; and receive, the said duty of one penny per mile, or one shilling and flxpende for each horse, as the case shall happen to be, from such person or persons hiring the same, or shall neglect or rcfiife to deliver the ticket or tickets so filled up as aforesaid, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall, for every such offence; forfeit and pay the sum Of ten pounds, and mofeover, in case of not receiving the said rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefutts, irt the same manned as if he, she, or they, had actually received the fatwe.

day tickets to XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid;

at That every person or persons to whom such day ticket, ar urn' aforesaid, shall be delivered, if he, she, or they shall pass through any turnpike in the fcourfe of the day for which such ticket shall be given, shall, at the first turnpike through which he, she, or they shall pass, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the toll gate keeper there the day ticket or tickets so given to him, her, or them, at the place where he, she, or they hired such horse or horses, which the said toll gate keeper is hereby directed to receive and file; and in return for such day ticket or tickets, every such person or persons shall receive, from the said toll gate keeper, a ticket, (called An exchange Ticket) to be (applied from the stamp oftice, which shall contain the name of the county in which the turnpike shall be, and the words (Received day ticket); and also the number of horses in the figures expressed in such day ticket, together with the name of the city; town, or place, at which fitch day ticket wasr given, and foftie mark or number, denoting the particular day on which such exchange ticket was issued, in printed or written letters of figures j which said exchange ticket the said toll gatherer is hereby directed to deliver to such person or persons gratis in return for such which shall be day ticket so left with him as aforesaid; and which said exchange shewn at every f0 delivered Shall be shewn by such person or persons at

c>cry

P'kej

in return for which the cate keeper (nail give an exchange ticket,

ly filled up.

Penalty on poltmasters. Sec. for northeast glea.

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 51. 127

every turnpike through which he, she, or they shall afterwards on turnpike dur

thstdiy pass with such horse or horses for which such day ticket insth*t

shall have been given: and if any person or persons, to whom Penalty on

focb day ticket or tickets shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall traveller not

oedeft or refiife to leave the same at such first turnpike, as aforesaid,

or shall refuse to (hew thp ticket, so given to him in ex C C*°*

change, at every turnpike through which he, she, or they, (halt

on Hut day pass, as atorefajd, he, she, or they shall pay, for every

horse then used by him, her, or them, the sum of one shilling

and fupence before such horse or horses shall pass through such

turnpike, and the gatekeeper or gatekeepers thereof is and are

hereby authorised to ak, demand, and retain the same to his,

her, or their own use; and where the name of the owner of the

carriage shall be marked on the footboard or seat, or pole, (haft,

orfplinter bar, as herein before is directed to be done, where

the carriage is let out to hire at the same time with the horses,

then such gatekeeper or gatekeepers shall not permit such horse

orhorfet to pass through until such traveller shall have paid the

dune, or left such day ticket or tickets, or shall have produced

and shewn such exchange ticket, as aforesaid.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty op That if any person or persons shall take off, or cause to be taken before men off, the brass or tin plate, hereinbefore directed to be affixed on tioned brafa carriages used as herein before mentioned, with an intent to or tin plate, evade the payment of the duty, or the sum of one shilling and six 10 °fdcr to pence for each horse to be paid at the turnpike, as herein before ^n^of the is directed; every such person or persons 16 offending, shall for dutyt fekand pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other penalties in this adk are directed to be recovered and applied.

XVL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and on dri that in case any carriage, upon which any brass or tin plate is v.*ri of car, to be affixed as aforesaid, shall pass through any turn" " *** without having such brass or tin plate then affixed thereon, turnpfke*^ in the manner herein before directed, the driver or drivers of without such every such carriage (hau forfeit and pay the sum of twenty hil plate, hup, to be recovered and applied in the manner herein after appointed.

XVII An in order to prevent any ebftru&ion or inconvenience to traveliers, where horses ball be let to hirefor two days, or more, behenacted by the authority aforesaid. That every postmaster, Defcripfion of aoteper, or other person, when he shall let to hire for two the certificate fe»or a longer space of time, any horses for drawing a carriage many poll or public road, shall deliver, or cause to be deli who shall hire wind, to the person travelling in such carriage, or to the driver hories for thwaof, a note or certificate, to be supplied from the lamp office, two day, or an Which shall be engraved or printed, ( for two or more raore*

Apt, ) and to which such poftmailer, innkeeper, or other person,

Audi add the day of the month, and the name and place of his shade) and the driver of such carriage shall, at every turnpike through which he shall pass, (hew to the toll gatherer there the.

; ' r now

cates, C

they shall pay

i s. 6 d. for each horse, which the gate keeper may retain to bis own use.

Penalty on postmasterst C delivering false certificates, C

1.2.8 Anno viccfuno Georgii ill g. gu [1780.

If travellers npt0 or certificate so giv^n to him as aforesaid: and if tuty per neglect to take son or persons fp hiring such horses for the purposes aforesaid, uc certj - shall (save neglected to take fych note or certificate as above specified, or shall refuse to (hew the same at the several turnpikes through which, he, (tie, or they shall pass, such traveller or traveller shall pay, for every horse then used by him, her, or them, the sum of one shilling and sixpence, before such horses be permitted to pass such toil gate, which the said toll gate keeper is hereby authorised to ask, demand, and receive, and retain to his own use, and not to permit such horses to pass till such travellers shall have paid the same, or produced such note or certificate as aforesaid; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other perfpn, shall, in such note or certificate, insert any fahe or fisi tious name, or place of his, her, or their abode, or shall, in letting out such horses for the purposes aforesaid, by any device or coliufion pretend to hire for a longer fpacc of time, with an intent to evade the duty hereby imposed, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds $ and the said commissioners shall, if they think fit, after conviction of such offender, refuse to grant such offender any licence in future.

XVIII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That every horse, hired for the purpose of drawing any carriage as aforesaid, for any less period of time than two com

^ days, shall be deemed, for the purposes of this act, to be td to^e^hired hired for a day, and shall be subject to all the rules, regulation, for one day. and restrictions, as horses hired for a day, or less period of time, for drawing such carriages as aforesaid, are by thia aft madeliabk and subject to.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every toll gate keeper who shall have received any of the day tickets herein befpre mentioned, and shall refuse to give any traveller or traveliers, gratis the ticket hereby directed to be given in exchange, or wbo shall deliver the exchange ticket without having received in lieu thereof the stamp office day ticket, as herein before mentioned, or who (hail make, or permit pr suffer to be made, any alteration in any of the tickets hereby directed to be filed by him or her, after such tickets shall have come to his or her custody, orshall deliver any of the rickets, directed to be received and filed by him or her, to any per (on or persons other than the person or persons duly authonfed, as hereia after mentioned, to receive the same, he or (fie shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered s herein after is directed.

XX And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afow

Horses hired tor any less time than two days, . shall be deem

Penalty on gate keepers tor neglect of duty.

Enumeration

ofprpcfujfr* said, That every postmaster, innkeeper, dr other person, fb LI by poftmaf*1 censed to let horses as aforesaid, shall insert in the account here ters. See in in before specified, (6 delivered to him, her, or them, from the the account to stamp o(ficef the number of horses used in travelling post, and be delivered number of miles for which such horses shall have'been (b

sump office. C also tbo number of horses let to hire for a day, Or any lek

V pc

1780.} annavicesimogcokgii III C

period of lime, and the day of the month on which the same

were used, together with the names of the postillions or drivers '

employed; which said account shall be signed by such poftmaf -

ter, innkeeper, or other person, so licensed as aforesaid, and witnessed

by the hostler or other servant employed in preparing and

getting ready such horses, and shall be open, when required, to

the inspection of any person or persons duly authorised, under

the hands and seals of th said commissioners for managing the

duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, to inspect the

same; and such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, soli At what times

ctnfed as aforesaid, residing in the city of London or liberty of hccnfe^ per *

shall, the first Tuesday Qx Wtdruifdoy in every month, (London or *

and such other person so Jicenfed as aforesaid, residing within five Westminster, '

miles of the city of London or liberty of Westminjfer, or within or within five,

the bills of mortality, shall, the first. Thursday or Friday in leyery miles thereof,

month, or at such other times as may hp appointed by the said ££ '

commissioners, on puhlkk notice given m the Gazette bring (hail deliver

in and deliver to the commissioners, or to the person or persons their accounts

appointed by them for the purpose of receiving the same, at the atffithe

head office, the accounts herein before directed, for the four ott'ce> C

weeks ending on the Saturday preceding such day of delivery,

and shall, within eight days thereafter, pay such sum and Aims of money which shall appear to be due thereon to the receiver-general

for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum,

parchment, and paper or to the proper lofficer for the time be

tog for collecting the said duties, for theufe of his Majesty, his

heirs and successors, at the head office in Lincoln s lnny or where *

else the same may be held, upon pain of forfeiting ten

pounds for every default in not delivering in such account, and

double the amount of the money so due and payable, from such

postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, for the said rates or duties,

for the nonpayment thereof.

XXI And it is hereby further enacted, That every poftmaf where and ter innkeeper, or other person, so licensed as aforesaid, not re when licensed fidbg within the cities of London or ive/iminstir, or within five Aving miles of the same, or within the bills of mortality, shall, at such of thekin^* times and places to be>appointed for that purpose, as herein af dora shall de termfentioned, produce^nd deliver the accounts herein before liver their ac dim&ed for the weeksending on the Saturday preceding such de counts, C Busy, and then unaccounted for, to the person or persons duly

mftorifed and commissioned, under the hands and seals of three el the said commifiipners for managing the duties on stamped vcstum, parchment, and paper, to receive such accounts, and the fooftey due thereon, and at the same time pay to such per fi or persons all sum and sums of money which shall appear to beidue upon such accounts, under the penalty of ten pounds for enry default in not delivering such accounts, and double the amount of the money due and payable from such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, for the said rates or duties, for the nonpayment thereof.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Vol. XXXIII K That

Postmaster!, C to enter tickets in their Weekly ac on the day they were itfued.

All ticket! having the number of miles ex pressed therein, shall be accordingly paid for by the pottmaster, canno

vicesimo Georgii lll.xx 51.' £1780;

That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person. To licensed as aforesaid, shall enter, or cause to be entered, in his wdekty account, the tickets so iitued by him, her, or them, on the day in which the same shall be issued; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall date any of the posting tickets, or day tickets, by him or her delivered, in any other manner than as the same shall, at the time of such delivery, be entered in his or her weekly account or accounts, he, she, or they, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings; be recovered and applied as kerein afrer is directed,

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every ticket, delivered from the stamp ofike, that shall appear with the number of miles expressed therein, either m words or figures, shall be deemed a ticket upon which the duty has been received, and shall be accounted and paid for by the postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, according to such number of horses and miles marked tberson, at and after thfc

rate aforesaid.

Penalty on XXIV And it is hereby farther enacted by the authority &^whothill That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, so

endeavour to li^nfed aforesaid, who shall be guilty of any wilful conceal defraud his mentor making false accounts, or any other fraudulent con majesty of the trivance, device, or pretence whatsoever, with an intent or design rates imposed to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or focceflbrs, of any of the rates y la*duties imposed by this actor any part thereof, such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein after directed; and the said commissioners shall and may, if they shall so think fit, after judgement obtained against such offender, refuse to grant to such offender any licence in future.

. XXV Andy in order to prevent the evading the payment of the duties hereby granted, by permitting carnages conveying persons post to be drawn by horses which have paid the duty for the Jlage9 under the pretence of such horses being upon the return born; be It further ei rvery post acted byvthe authority aforesaid, That every postmaster, innkeep*

whoftiautake cr' or ot^cr tac lire or by

the hire for the mites orfrom ftsge to stage', shall be considered as the person

horses travel to whom the duties' herein before granted shall be paid, and

ling post, shall shall be chargeable with ahd accountable for the same, as if fiicb

ac "nttable postmaster, innkeeper; or other person, was the actual proprietor

or e u of such horses, although the same may belong to, and be the

property of, any other licensed postmaster, innkeeper, or other

period.

XXVI Andy m order to prevent evading the payment of the duties hereby granted upon horses hired by the mile or stage9 under the pretence oj the letting such horses for a days or any les period of timey No postmaster, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no postmaster, sec at whole jnnk<reper, or other person, at whoso inn, house, or other place, travefler shall ^epr letting hotfes to hire, any traveller or travellers shall change horses, change horses, shall let to hire any horse or horses, to such tra shall let them veller or traveliers, in any other manner than by the mile or

stage

vjio; ] anno vicesimo Georgii III c.51. 131

age; and if any postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, shall any otherwise ad contrary hereto, he, she, or they, shall, for every such of three fence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered as mi g*herein after mentioned.

XXVII Andy for the encouragement of the toll gate keepers to be

attentive and vigilant in the execution of this and as a eompenfa 1

titn for their trouble, be it enacted .by the authority aforesaid, toll gate That all and every toll gate keeper shall be, and is hereby and

tbonfed to demand and receive, from the collector to whonr he, j, tj, e pound (he, or they shall deliver the day tickets and polling tickets, m for all ticket themanher herein after directed and prescribed.the lorn of there*f.hey ft*11 d jiencp for every pound sterling which the duties upon any such "* tickets shall amount unto, ana at and after that rate for any less *

than a pountllterling; and fnch collector is hereby authorised to pay and allow the lame accordingly; and that such allowance of threepence in the pound shall be over and above the allowance or privilege hereby given to such toll gate keepers of retaining jtfae money by him, her, or them, collected from such traveller or traveliers, person or persons, who shall not, purfaant to this act; have delivered the tickets to such toll gate keeper as aforesaid.

XXVIII Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby eri Where and acted, That all and every toll gate keeper shall, for the comped "Veter faion and allowance aforesaid, bring, or cause to be brought, the fca|j bring "the tickets herein before mentioned by him or her received, if with raid tickets.

in five miles of London, then to the head office there, or to such other place within the bills of mortality as the commissioners of the damp duties shall appoint; and if beyond the didance of five miles from London, then to such places, and at such times, as the collector appointed to collect such duties shall require, sod deliver up, or cause to be delivered up, such tickets to the receiver-general or collector to be appointed as aforesaid.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on

That all and every toll gate keeper who shall have received such^.

tickets as aforesaid, who shall not bring, or cdufe to hvibnottleli fae brought, such tickets, at the times and places aforesaid, shall, ver up tickets upon demand made at the gate of such turnpike, deliver such on demand) tickets to the collector to be appointed by the said commissioners

for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and

er, as aforesaid; and if any toll gate keeper shall refuse to ver up all and every such tamp office tickets, so received by him or her, upon such demand as aforesaid, every toll gate keeper shall, for each ticket he or she shall so refuse to deliver up, forfeit and pay the sum of five Shillings, to be recovered as hereinafter is directed.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, or who shall''if any toll gate keeper shall neglect or refuse to receive neb, ea to from any person or persons, any ticket or tickets, hereby direct any'ickett, a ed to be delivered to such toll gate keeper as aforesaid, or shall requi.cd by Mg left or refuse to file the same, every such toll gate keeper, so this act. ncglcfting or refuting, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and

132 Anno ^icefuno Georgii III C 5i. [1786.

pay the sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in manner herein after directed.

XXXI Andy in order to prevent any eouufive or fraudulent practises in toll gate keepers, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

^ate'keep*rt That in case any toll gate keeper shall ask, demand, or receive, acceptingl|cfs or a8rcc 10 tac or accept, any less sum or sums of money than than they are he or she is hereby authorised to ak, demand, and receive, and authorised to retain to his. own use, every such toll gate keeper shall, for every demand, for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings, to be cu a08# recovered and applied in the manner herein after appointed.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Where post That all and every postmaster, innkeeper, or pther person, soli masters, C censed as aforesaid, not residing in the cities of London or west the bills of °* nor Within the bills of mortality, shall, at the times and

mortality, are at the places to be mentioned at the foot of the first licence to attend and granted to him, her, or them, when the same shall be delivered, past their ac and afterwards at the foot of every receipt which shall be given counts by tbc collector for the money paid in by him, her, or them, oh

account of the said duties, attend, and there deliver in and pass his account, and pay the duty received by him her, or them, as aforesaid, to the colledlor so appointed to collect the same: provided that no such personas aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the payment of the said duties, or other cause whatsoever touching or concerning the same, if he, she, or they live in a market town, out of the said town, or if he, she, or they live out of a market town, then to no other place than to the market town nearest to his, her, or their habitation.

This act not XXXIII Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and to extend to declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con

has Y to extend, to any horses used in hackney coaches, licensed

coach^&c. pursuant to several acts of parliament made for that purpose, where the horses drawing such hackney coaches (hsll be employed to go to no greater distance than ten miles from the cities of London and Westminstery and the suburbs thereof.

All horses XXXIV And it is hereby further enacted and declared by hired by the the authority aforesaid. That every horse hired by the mile, or lhajl'be deem h, e deemed to'be hired to travel post, within the true

CD hired to*intent and meaning of this act, although the person or pcrfcns travel post. hiring the same do not go or travel several stages upon a post

road, or change horses; and although, at the stage or place at or to which such horse shall be hired, there shall not be any post house*although there shall not be any post settled or established on the road, or any part thereof, upon which such horse shall be hired to go; anything I rerein before contained, or any law or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

On the death XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of any licensed That if any postmaster*or other person licensed to let postmaster, C horses in manner aforesaid, shall die, it shall and may be lawful or or her executors, administrators, or other persons fuc be liable to cceding to such inn house, or other place, to let horses to hire any penalty for in manner aforesaid, until such time as such person shall procure

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 51. 133

such licence, and give such security as herein before directed, letting horses without being liable to the penalty herein before inflicted upon t^j1, je, hpro" the persons letting horses for hire without being licensed in that out^j w behalf, provided that such licence be taken out within thirty cence within days after the death of such postmaster, innkeeper, or other per 10 days after son $ and such person or persons shall be subject to the same death, rules, regulations, and charges, and liable to account, and to the payment of the same rates and duties hereby imposed, as such postmaster, innkeeper, or other person, was subject and liable to.

XXXVI And, for the more effefiual taking an account of the fivtral duties imposed by this afi, and preventing frauds therein, be itenafted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the, g*ru laid first day of August, every postmaster, innkeeper, and other poftmaiter^kc. person, so licensed to let horses as aforesaid, shall, at the respective on delivering times of delivering their accounts to the commissioners, or other h accounts, person appointed by them to receive the same, at the head office, "k or to the collector or collectors authorised by the said commis j£uth thereof. Boners to receive the same, and the money due therein, make oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and subscribe a solemn affirmation, before such commissioners, or other person appointed as aforesaid, or collector or collectors, who are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer such oath and affirmation, to the truth of the accounts then delivered, in the form following:

I A. B. do swear, (or affirm as the case may require), that the The oath.

several weekly accounts now by me delivered of the duties ariftng upon horses, which 1 have let for the purpose of travelling post, or Otberwije, from the day of to the

day of as far as the same have been entered and kept

by me, are fair, just, and true accounts; and as far as they, have been entered and kept by any other person or persons, I verily believe to be try.

So help me gop.

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore No person shall laid. That from and after the said first day of August, one thou lct ° L tor hire sold seven hundred and eighty, no person who shall keep any or^oft coa, four wheeled chaise, or other machine, commonly called a Di C without a Bfenee or post coach, or by what name soever such carriage or licence, carriages now are, or hereafter shall be called or known, for the purpose of conveying in the inside thereof any number of paf fcngers, not exceeding four, for hire, from stage to stage, or from place to place, or who shall keep any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, or other machine, by what name soever the same now is, or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as public stage coaches or carriages, for the purpose of conveying passengers, for hire, tp and from different places within the fongdom of Great Britain, shall let out the same for such pur

k3 pose,

*34

oil penalty of 5 i. for each offence.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 51. [1780,

pose, without having first obtained a licence under the hands of two of the said commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly authorised by them, upon pain to forfeit, for every time such diligence, or other machine, shall be soused, the sum of five pounds to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XXXVIII And be it further ena<9ed by the authority afore commissioners said. That, from and after the parting of this at, any two or of stamp du more of his majesty's commissioners appointed for managing iucvh.81* duties arising by damps on vellum, parchment, and paper, cences to all hr some person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences, perfoos who under their hands and seals, to any person or persons who shall shall apply for apply for the same, to let out for hire any such diligence, coach,

cm or other carriage, directed to be licensed by virtue of this a ft,

for the space of one year, to commence from the fired day of Am gujl, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, upon all licence to be granted on or before that day \ and ppon licences, to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of August to commence from the day of the date of such licences; Licence to be which said licence Shall be renewed at lead ten days previous to renewed ten tjlc expiration of the year for which it was granted; and if the tole 7xpira pcrf°n or persons so licensed shall continue to let out for hire tion# &c.r such diligence, or other machine, coach, or other carriage, hereby directed to be licensed, he, she, or they shall, in the filing manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for such licence, and so yearly and every year, as long as he, (lie, of they shall continue to let out such diligence, or other machine, for the purpose aforesaid.

XXXIX And be it further enabled by the ahthorjty aforesaid, That no person or persons, so licensed to let out diligences, coaches, or other carriages, hereby directed to be licensed, shall, by virtue of one licence, keep more than one diligence, coach, or other carriage, for the purposes aforesaid

_ .............. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

persons to pay That all and every person and persons, so licensed to use any one halfpenny diligence, or other machine, for the purpose of conveying in the thei?vdiiumilc northeast thereof any number of passengers, not exceeding tour, as gence, Sec. aforesaid, or any coach or coaches, carriage or carriages, to be shall travel; employed as public stage coaches as aforesaid, shall yield and pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of one halfpenny for every mile every such diligence, machine, coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, shall be soused or trayel as aforesaid.

XLI And it is hereby further enacted by thp authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons, so licensed to use such diligence or machine as aforesaid, or any coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, to be employed as public stage wbat places it coaches as aforesaid, shall, at the time of receiving such licence, is intended to declare from what place and to what place Tuch diligence or ma how'often. C northeast coach or coaches, or other carriage or carnages, hereby directed to be licensed, is intended to be used, diftinguithing the

distance

Only one dili.

fence. See. to e kept by virtue of one licence.

All licensed

and shall declare, when they receive their licence, to and from

178a] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 51. 135

distance or number of miles between the two extreme towns or other places such diligence, coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, is to go, and the number ofjournies each such diligence, coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, is so intended to be used, cither in the day, or in the week, as the case may happen to be, that the same may be inserted in such licence; and all and every person or persons so licensed for such purpose as aforesaid, shall give security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of twenty pounds, with a condition for the faithfal accounting for and paying such sums as may be due for the joumies such diligence, coach or coaches, or other carriage or carriages, may have so made.

XLII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All diligences, That all diligences, coaches, or other carriages, directed to be c g, n6*0 licensed by virtue of this act, that shall go from London or jvejl do/orweft minster to any place in the country, or that shall come from the minster, shall country to any place in London or Westminster, shall be lipenfed be licensed aby the commissioners, or some person authorised by them, at the bcd office in Lincoln's Inns or wherever else the same may be ott*cc# held.

XLIII And, in regard it may be difficult to afcerlain the number tf times such Ucenfed diligences, or other carriages, to be employed for the fmrpofe of carrying any number of passengers* not exceeding Jour mating short jlages, may go in a day it is hereby provided and en Djfcretionary aftcd, That the commissioners for managing the stamp dutips, powers veiled or the major part of them, or such officers as they shall appoint cr$c^ative°to in that behalr, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to dilgences, See. make such allowances, as shall appear to be just, to any person pacing and reor persons licensed to use any diligence or carriage as aforesaid, pa/fing within where the diftahee to be expressed in their licence does not ex 1* peed twelve measured miles, ijpon oath made by the owner of LU on such diligence, or other carriage as aforesaid, before the said commissioners, or the major part of them, or such officers foto be appointed as to the number of journeys actually made in a day by such diligence or other carriage, where the same shall differ fiofn the number expressed in such licences; which oath the said commissioners, or the collectors authorised by them to receive the said duty, are hereby empowered to administer, and to examine into all the circumstances relative to the number of joumies so made by such diligenje, or other carriage, as afore (ai(j, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said commissioners, or the major part of them, ar hereby empowered to make such regulations, with respect to such diligences, or other carriages, where such allowances are applied for, as they shall, from time to time, find necessary, as well for the effectual securing the duties on such diligences, or other carriages, as doing justice to the owners or proprietors thereof.

XLIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The name of That all and every person or persons so licensed to use every such the owner of diligence, coach, or other carriage, as aforesaid, shall mark or cvcfy diii paint, or cause to be marked or painted, on the outside pannel**

k4 of ^

i.

the outside of each door.

Where and when the duties aiifidg from diligences, C shall be paid

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 51. [178c.

of each door thereps, before he, she, or they shall use the same for the purpose aforesaid, his, her, or their christian and surname? mentioning the place from whence they set out, and to | which they are going, in plain and legible characters; and every proprietor of every such diligence, coach, or other carriage licensed to go from London to any other place, or from any other place to London, shall, on the first Monday in every month, between the hours of eight in the morning and two in the afternoon, unlejfs the same be an holiday, and then on the next day, not being an holiday, clear heard duties charged and become due by virtue of this act, by paying the same to the receiver-general of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for collecting the said duties, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs apd fucceflprs, at the head office in Lincolns Inn, or wherever else the same may be held; and if such proprietor or proprietors shall be licensed from any town in the country to any other town than London, then such proprietors shall clear the said duties by paying the same to the person duly authprised, by commission under the hands apd seals of three of his Majesty's commissioners of the lamp duties, to receive the same, under the penalty of five pounds.

XLV Provided always, That every such licensed proprieto* or proprietors of any diligence, coach, or other carriage, as aforesaid, who shall lay down and discontinue the use of the same, shall give notice, in writing, seven days at least before he, she, or they shall lay doyvn or discontinue the same, and shall have such notice endorsed upon the back of such his, her, or their licence or licences, or upon the bond (q to be given as aforesaid, and from thenceforth, on payment of all arrears, shall be no longer charged or chargeable for the same.

XLVI And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said receiver-general at the head office, and the said pther collectors duly appointed to receive the duties hereby im- of the monic P shall mae an allowance to the several ppftmasters, initio be account keepers, and other persons, licensed by virtue of this act to let ed for and horses for hire, by the mile, (tage, of day, fof all moneys by them paid by them, paid on account of the duties by this act imposed on horses (b hired as aforesaid; and they shall be entitled respectively to deduct for their own use, at and after the rate of threepence in the pound, out of the moneys by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general or oth?r collector, according to the directions herein before contained.

XLVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefekl, That if any person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or pause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully act or a (lift in the false making, forging, qr counterfeiting, any ticket, by this act authorised or directed to be used, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter or publish as true any false, forged, or counterfeited ticket, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the aid duties,

every

Licensed proprietor of any diligence, C to give leven days notice before he discontinue the same.

Poftmasters, Sec. to be allowed 3 d. in the pound out

Penalty on forging any ticket, or uttering the same.

*37

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.51;

every person (b offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted,

shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be levied and applied as herein before directed and declared.

Y XLVIII And be it furthefr enabled by the authority aforesaid, Application of

h"rebyjmp°fcd»^divided and distributed (if sued for within the space of three calendar t^re^ month months from the time of: ny such penalty being incurred) in manner fpllowing; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccfibrs, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of fuir, to the person or person who shall inform and liie for the Amt.

XLIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pecuniary j That ail such pecuniary penalties, which shall amount to the Pcna, tie sum of twenty pounds or more, shall be sued for in any of his jol^herf tq' majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in Eng be seed for kiniy Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's court of fcffions, court of jufiiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called scot kni, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

L Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aqtho All penalties, rity aforesaid. That such division or distribution of the penalties ^jhinthree as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby confined and reftrided to the m0nths, to profecutiqg for the same within the time herein before for that belong to his purpose limited; and that in default of such prosecution Majesty, within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall have or t infilled to any part or share of such penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable ip manner aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstandiqg*

LI Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority Anyjustice aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for anyjustice of the peace, residing near the place where the offence shall be ag^inft this committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act, aft, it the pe which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty not amount nalty does nor ing to twenty pounds; which said justice of the peace is hereby c*cccd toll luthorifed and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made, in that behalf, t6 summon the party accused, and jllb the witnesses on either side, and shall examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeftion of the party, or by oath of one or more credible witnek or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrants, under his hand and leal, (or the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged, on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, tendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods ot such offender cannot be found fufheient to answer the penalty, tq commit such offender to prison, there to remain for

Person aggrieved may appeal to the .quarter feffi

wv

Penalty on witneiies who shall refuse to appear, or to be examined, C '

Summonfe* of

the proprietor of diligences, cleft with the

deemed good service.

Form of conviction.

Anno vicesimo Georgii II C 51. [1780.

the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and farisfied; and if any person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter femons for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

LII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before such justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as are nerein before directed as to other penalties.

LIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all summonses issued by any justice of the peace, in pursuance of this act, against the owners or proprietors of any diligences, coaches, or other carriages, required to be licenled by this act, that shall be left at the inn, or other place, where the diligence, coach, or other carriage, shall put up, with the bookkeeper, or other person who shall keep the books for taking places in such diligences, coaches, or other carriages, shall be deemed good service on the owners or proprietors of such diligences, coaches, or other carriages, although such owners or proprietors shall not have a residence or habitation at such inn or place.

LIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a conviction in the form, and to the effect following, (mur tatis mutandisa$ the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the case, or the facts or evidence, in any particular manner; that is to say:

BE it remembered, that on the day of

in the year of our Lord at in the county of A. B. came

before me C D. efquirt, one of his Majesty's ju/lices of the peace sir the said county, rejiding near the place where the offence was ebmmit

uh

1780.] Anno vicesimo gboroii III e. 51..

Ud, and informed me that E. F. of

m the day of # now lafi pajl, at

in the/aid county, did [here set forth the fast for which the information is laid]; whereupon the said. F. after king duly summoned toanswer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of at

in tbt fid county, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence, [or, a the case may happen to be, ] did not appear before me pursuant to tie said Summons, [or, did neglect and refuse to make any defence the said charge, ] but the same being fully proved upon the oath if G. H. a credible witness, [or, as the case may happen to be, ] cdnewledged and voluntarily confessed the same to he true, and it ma niftjbj appears to me that he, the said. F. is guilty of the offence mpd upon him in the said information; I do therefore hereby con pm him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he, \hfoid E. F. hath forfeited the sum of of lawful

mej of Great Britain for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law dirests, according to the form of\hejlatute in that case made oni provided. Given under my band and Jeal, the

fa) f

LV Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful joftice may to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate mitigate the and Jeflen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs penalties, and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcomy as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not re

tl* penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges; anything contained in this act, or any other act of parliament, to the contrary not frithstanding.

LVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Receive*' That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time to pijr the being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, duties granted who shall keep a separate and diftinlt account of the several by this act into rates and duties, and pay the same, (the necessary charges of the exchequer railing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deduaed) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, andsaper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the Auditor to auditor of the said receipt shall be provided and kept a book or keepa separate books, in which all the moneys arising from the said several rates amount there and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be 0*entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are ducaed to be paid and payable pursuant to an at of the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain fumtf money by way of annuities, and for efiablijhing a lottery.

Partof an act iyvij. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiak!, of9Anna re yhat f0 much of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of %*her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for efablijbinga general pofl office for all her Majtjbfs dominions, and for settling 0 weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and pther her Majesty s occasions, as retrains any persons, other than # the 'postmaster general for the time being, and the respective deputies and substitutes of such postmaster general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to hire, or furnishing horses or furniture for riding post within this kingdom, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

Persons sued LVM. And'be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for anything That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, done in porlu molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or ma plead 'cxccutec^ n pursuance of this al, or of any clause, matter, or the general thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall or may utue7 plead the general iftiie, and give the special matter in evidence

find recover For his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass treblecofti. for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs

become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or. plaintiffs,

CAP. LI

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon ftatch and hair powder imported, and upon Jiarch made in Great Britain, and upon fwetts.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. w7 your majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects, the VV commons of Greet Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty theseventl % imports and duties herein after mentioned 5 and do most humbly

beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the After July 5, same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand 1780, an addi seven hundred and eighty, there shall be railed, levied, collect

per pound ec*' an pat anc or thc u^c Majesty, his heirs and fuc to bepaid on ceffors, for and upon all (larch, and upon hair powder made of importation of starch, or other powder that will serve for the same uses as it arch and on starch, which, from and after the fifth day of July one thou roadeordcr knc* kvcn hundred an c*gbty, Audi be imported or brought thu, cb, C Into te kingdom of Great Britainr (over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already impaled thereupon, ) the sum of

two

iiyilo.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 5*.

'twopence for every pound weight, and after that rate for a.

greater or lesser quantity; which Alid additional import or duty j dull be paid down in ready money, without any difcbunt dr [allowance, on importation; and shall be also subject and liable which duty [to an additional import or duty of five pounds per centumt in the shall be liable Srtme manner as the additional duty of five pounds per centum is to the addltio igranted to his Majesty, by an art made in the lat session of gjant^by *19 i parliament, (entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty addition ge0.yc.a5w riw/ duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management oif tie respective commijfmers of the customs and excise in Great Britain)) directed to be collected and paid.

II And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore No drawback"

, said. That no part of the said duties herein before granted, (hah to be allowed jbe repaid or drawn back upon the exportation of the said starch, exportati jhair powder, or other powder; and that the said duties shall be new duties to Tailed, levied, recovered, and paid, in such manner and form', be levied and and by such ways and means, as the former imports or duties recovered as ofeuftom on starch and hair powder imported, are now raised, ^ce^rmcr, kfied, collected, recovered, and paid, by any at or acts of parliament now in force, (except where any alteration is made by this act, ) as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, and provisions, in such acts, had been repeated and again enacted in the body of this present art.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After Jnfyy/ That for and upon all starch of what kind soever, which, at \78o#anaddj any time after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven d? per pound hundred and eighty, shall be made within the kingdom of Great to be paid for Britain, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto ?U starch made and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and Aicceflbrs, an act ||v^reat Bri didonal duty of one penny for every pound weight, confiding of

sixteen ounces of avoirdupoise, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; the same to be paid by the makers thereof reipertively.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, The aforesaid That for all starch which any rtarchmakers, or any person or C "<

in trust for him or them, or for his, her, or their use, Sarchin hand shall be possessed of, and interested in, upon the said fifth day of on July 5,

Jufa one thousand seven hundred and eighty, for sale, there 17*0* shall be yielded and paid to his Majesty the like respective rates is ait by this act to be paid for the like sorts of starch refpeo thriy, to be made or imported after the said fifth day of ulyy one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and that all and every 5tarchm*k«i% the said ftarchmakers, and all and every other person and perdue entry of (bis who, in trust for them, or any of them, or for the use of such dock, on them, or any of them, (half be possessed of, or have in his, her, penalty of 50!. or their ouftody or possession, or in his, her, or their workhouse, and forfcitiiri wirehouse, storehouse, (hoproom, or other place or places wharioever, upon the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, any stock, pareel, or quantity of starch, of foreign or Britfh manufacture, for say, shall, on of before the i said

j$z Anno vicesimogfiorgtt III C g. t I7°J

taw fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, make a true and particular entry thereof, at the office for the aid duties on starch, within the limits of which they shall re jpedlively inhabit, Upon pain to forfeit the funi of fifty pounds, and the starch for which no such entry shall have heen made; and within six days after he, she, or they shall have made, or ought to have made, such entry, as aforesaid, shall pay down the duties hereby payable for such starch, or, within the said six days, 'shall give security to the proper officers for paying the same duties, to his majesty's use, within three months thence next ensuing; and in case the said duties for such (lock of starch be paid down within the said six days, then there shall be allowed out of the said duty, for such prompt payment, an allowance, after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, for the said time of three months; and that all and every such ftarchmakcrs who shall refuse or neglect to make fuel) payment, or to give such security for payment, of the said duties upon his; her, or their (lock of starch, within the time by this act limited for that purpose, shall forfeit double the sum of the said duty wbtck Officers to take (hold have been so paid or secured as aforesaid: and that it an may be lawful to and for the proper officers for the^same duties respectively, to take a true and particular account of

all such flock, or quantities of starch, as any ftarchmaker, or others in trust for them, shall, on the said fifth day of, 7uly, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, have or bepouefiedof; and for that purpose Shall be permitted, in the day time to enter into any workhouse, warehouse, dwelling house, outhquse, or other places belonging to such ftarchmaker, who are hereby required to permit such officer and officers upon request to make such entrance on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or afterwards at any time after the duty lad mentioned mall be paid or secured, and to take an account of'the quantity of such starch, under the penalty of twenty pounds: and if any maker of starch, having, on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, in his, her; remove orcon or their custody or possession, any (lock or quantity of starch .'ofhis^ock, chargeable by this a as aforesaid shall clandestinely remove or before the du carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the ties are paid same, or any part thereof, before the duties thereupon shall be r paid or secured as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal

and au*1fuch any p31* bis, ber, or *8** arch then, and ia

starch fore every such case, he, she, or they, ib offending shall, for every moved or con such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; add in every cealcd. such case the starch so removed or concealed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of the officers for the said Penalty on the duties: and the person in whose custody fpeh (lock of (larch perron in shall be found, who (hail not, before the discovery thereof, give rborrftody notice, at the next office for the said duties on (larch, of the shall be found. or ftuant*ty of starch foin his, her, or their custody; shall'also forfeit and lose the sum of twenty Shillings for every pound Penalties and weight; which said several fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall forfeitures so

and within six days after, to pay the dudes, or to give security for paying them in three months.

Penalty on jkgk&,

stock in hand, and for that purpose may enter warehouses; C in the day time

If any ftarchmaker (hail

r; 8o.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 52. 145

be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by such ways and how to be methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by*action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Mayfly's courts of record at Westminster; and one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to the use of his Majesty, and his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, After July 5, from and after the fsrid fifth day of July one thousand seven handred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, coliested, and. ^?rel paid, unto and for the use of his jvlajesty, his heirs and succes to be paid by fors, for every barrel of liquor made within the kingdom of the makers of Great Britain, for sale, by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, fleets tor (Sde* from foreign fruit or sugar, or front fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials Whatsoever, comtnonly called Sweets, or called or<liftingui(hed by the name of Made Wines for which no duty hath been already paid, or shall be paid on or before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, an additional duty of six Shillings, to be paid by the makers thereof, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity.

VI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore New duties on said, That the said additional duties hereby imposed on British British made made starch, and on sweets, as aforesaid, shall be railed, levied, |^rch anc alleged, and paid, in the same mdnner, and under such maid and re nagement, penalties, and forfeitures, and with such powers for covered, C recovering the same, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former and with like drawbacks on British made starch exported, as the duties former duties on starch made in Great Britain, and on sweets rdpeftively, are now raised, levied, coliested, and paid, under

the directions of any act or acts of parliament now in force re ipcdfing the said duties, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, rules, panties, and forfeitures, relating thereunto, were particularly here repeated, and again enacted, in the body of this present act.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*be Ha

That the said several additional duties heyein before granted on a'

British made starch, and on fleets or made wines, shall be cent^gramed moreover subject and liable to an additional duty or impost of by 19 Geo. 3* five pounds per centum on the produce and amount thereof*« *5*

and seat such additional duty .or impost of five pounds per cen-

/swshall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules, regulations, powers and authorities, ways and means, penalties and forfeitures, as the additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum, granted to his Majesty by an act made in the last session of parliament, inti*toted, An atf far granting to his majesty additional duties upon the predate af the several duties under the management of the respective empffionen of the cufiomiand txcife in Great Britain, ) are direst d tot be collected and paid.

VIII And' *

New duties to be paid into the exchequer weekly.

Auditor to keep a separate account of all moneys paid in by virtue of this act.

Application

thereof.

Persons sued

in execution of this act may plead the general issue.

and recover treble coils

Preamble.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C $3* [1780;

VIII And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said additional impods and duties by this act granted, shall from time to time be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the curtoms and excise in England respectively for the time beingj and such receivers general respectively shall weekly, to wit, on tvednefday in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holiday, answer and pay all the moneys anting by the said additional ira ports and duties, the necetifary charges of railing, collecting, and answering the same only excepted, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receivers general respectively shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes In this act mentioned.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys anting from the said several imports and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majestyj his heirs and fuccetibrs, upon any account whatsoever j and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, mall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (entitled. An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities and for eflablifbing a lottery.)

X And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, 'or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general itiue, and give thefpeciai matter in evidence for his or their defence: and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LILL

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loam or exchequer b: lh% for the ftrvice of the year one thousand [even hundred and eighty.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the tteceffary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the jum herein after mentioned > and do therefore moji bum bly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice

and

1780 ] Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.53.

145

ancf consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commifli Commiflloners

oners of his majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or ^|ath^.<^afurjr

any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time oqooi.

being, at any time or times before the fifth day of January, one by loans and

thousand seven hundred and eighty onc, to cause or direct any exchequer

loans to be taken or received at his majesty's exchequer from bc*'°'e

any person or persons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies Jan'17 f

politic or corporate, pr any number of exchequer bills to be

made out there, for any sum or Turns of money, not exceeding

in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of

one million nine hundred thousand pounds, in the same or like in manner as

manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like

rules and directions, as in and by an at of this present session of j^n0is C *

parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by fcribej, C

aland tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervtce of the year

me thousand seven hundred and eighty, are prescribed concerning the

loans or'exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That The clauses in all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advanta the said act ges, penalties, forfeitures, and difabiliries, contained in the said relat, ng lad mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer bills au oaasor 1 thorifed to bo made by the same aft, (except such clauses as do (Exception) charge the same on the taxes granted by the same aft, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and extended to also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and this act. extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance

of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

III Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au £*rhfclh5r,

thority aforesaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made re

out by virtue of this act shall, after the same hath or have been ccjved again iflbed at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the in payment of sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eight one, taxes, received or taken, or pass or be current to any receiver or col

leftoi' in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whafsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from toy such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persects, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in ale the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said sixth day of April; nor shall any such receiver or col norexchanged kftor exchange, at any time before the said sixth dav of April, bear apiiu, fix'iich revenues, aids taxes, or supplies, in his 17 4'

laid aft.

L

hands.

146 Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 5 3. [1780,

hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued Adlion1 not to as afocefaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be main vefufal.uch taincd against any such receiver or colledlor for neglcdttng or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April \ anything in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled, Abaft sir granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, r the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Money so IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, raised to be That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the inte ^e^xtpar rc^» premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending (he liamentary same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, aid; and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first aids or sup

and if fuffici plies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament; ctent (applies and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not before junte^before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven 17lt\ J y 5* hundred and eighty one, then all the said loans or exchequer to be charged bills, with the mterect, premium, rate, and charges, incident 00 the sinking to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and fund. chargeable upon such moneys as, at any time or times at or after

the said fifth day of July, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusles, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any actor as of parliament in that behalf; ) and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be ifliied and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly (fated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

M nies fois V Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority sued to be re aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be so iffiied out of the P, ac?d oul said surplusles, excesses, overplus moneys, or other revenues plies. sup composing the sinking fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bank of Eng VI And be it declared and further enabled by the authority land authorif aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and ed to advance company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his ma on the credit ie^y> n hke manr*er, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the of this act i credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or Turns of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of one m'ilion nine hun an a 5&6 dred thousand pounds; anything in an act, made in the fifth an(j sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, fkkwithttand An act for granting to their Majesties ftveral rates and

*' o dutit

*47

o, ] Aonq v!p$fimo Georgii III C 54.

duties u(pn tonnage pfflips and vefels, and ypon beer, ale, and other Jiftprs, fgr fecurlng certain' recompenses and advantages'in the aid 08 mentioned to such 'persont as Jhatl voluntarily advance the sum of pne mileonfive hundred thousand pounds, towards canning on the war againstpx aricc^ to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LIV

Jn act for appointing and enabling commissiontrs to examine, take, andfate the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances arr in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public service; and wnat defeats there are in the present mode of receiving, ditchings issuing, and accounting for public money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expenftye manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carr ied on for the benefit of the public. '

TTHERE A S many duties, taxes, and moneys, have been of Preamble. Je late years granted raised, and appropriated, for the public iptvice of this kingdom; ayd whereas the prejtnt method of accounting "for the receipts, jjfoes, and expenditure of the same, is attended with tptflt delay and expense, and many and very extensive accounti remain unfit tied, from whence great 'inconvenience ana loss to the fiublkk arise, to the intent that his Majesty, and the people of. this kingdom, may be satisfied and truly informed whether all the said.. taxes, and moneys, so as aforesaid granted, raised, and appro .fruited, for the public service of this kingdom, have been faithfully. ijfuei out, difpojed, ordered, and expended, for the ends and purpdfes jpr tqbicb they were granted; and also to the intent that the balances remaining in the hands of the different accountants may, as soon as pojftble, be applied to the uft and benefit of the public, and that the defers in the present method of coile fling, issuing, expending, and accounting for the food duties, taxes, and moneys, may be correfled and amended, and that a more expeditious, more ejfeflual, and less expensive method of louefling, issuing, expending, and accounting for the same, may from henceforth be ejlablijhed\ be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice andconfcnt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affcoibled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, lieutenant Commissioner general sir Guy Carleton, Thomas Anguish esquire, Arthur Pigot appointed to dejuire, Richard Neave esquire, Samuel Beachcroft esquire, James Tierney esquire, and George Drummondesquire, or any three or 1 if^accounts" more of them, shall be, and they are hereby constituted com of thekiug missioners for examining, taking, and dating the accounts of all dom. duties, taxes, and moneys, granted, raised, and appropriated, for the public service of this kingdom, which have been issued to any person or persons whatsoever, whose final accounts have not hitherto been passed before the auditor of the impressed, according to the forms of the exchequer, or whose accounts, although parted, have been for services which hart been performed since the first day of January, one thousand seven huh

L 2 dred

/

148 Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.54. [1780.

drcd and seventy six; and also of all such duties, taxes, and moneys, which (nail hereafter be granted, raised, and appropriated, for the public service of this kingdom, at any time before the determination of this present act, and of all arrears thereof; and also for examining and dating in what manner, and at what times, the receipts, issues, and expenditures, of the said public moneys are now accounted for; and for considering of, and reporting by what means and methods the public accounts may in future be passed, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances or moneys due from them in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive manner.

Commission II And to the intent that the public may foomr avail themselves ers, in thefirst of some of the advantages intended to be derived from this a be it pla^c» of further enacted, That the said commissioners shall, in the first publkkmo^ pace ta^e an account of th public moneys in the hands of nies in the the several accountants, and for that purpose shall call on them hands of the to deliver in a cash account, and shall consider what sum it may

feveita If it proper to leave n hands of each accountant respectively coun n s, C fof carryjng on the services to which the same is or may be applicable, and what sums may be taken out of their hands to be disposed of by parliament for the public service; all which they are hereby directed to report to his Majesty, and to both houses of parliament, in the next session of parliament.

Commissioners III And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be to examine, on lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more oath, tl^au- of them, and they are hereby empowered, authorised, and re other#officers, U, (lu^re^>t0 examine upon oath, (which oath they, or any three of the exche or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer)) au ouer, comraif ditors, and all other the officers of the exchequer; the commis treafu* ad ^oners' anc ot^er officers of the treasury; the commissioners, rairalty^&c.' and all other the officers of the admiralty; the pavmafler gene*and deputy paymasters of his majesty's army, and all other

the officers in the office of the said paymaster; his majesty's secretary at war, and all other officers dependant upon him and under his control; the treasurer of his majesty's navy, and all other the officers in the office of the said treasurer; and the comptroliers, commissioners, and surveyor of nis majesty's navy, and all other officers dependant upon or under the control of the said comptroliers, commissioners, and surveyor; the commissioners for victualling his majesty's navy, and all other the officers dependant upon or under the controuler of the said commissioners; the master general, lieutenant general, surveyor general, and officers composing the board of ordnance, and ail other the officers dependant upon or under the control of the said master general, lieutenant general, and surveyor general, or board of ordnance j the commissioners, collectors, receivers, and all other the officers and persons concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing, the several branches of the pub ami also com lick revenue; and also all commanders in chief of his majesty's mauders in forces by sea or land, and all governors, commissaries, or other chief by sea or persons having the power of granting warrants, or of iflbmg,

dilburfing.

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 54. 149

difbursing, or expending money belonging to the public, or of land, govern drawing bills, or making contracts, or purchasing provisions or stores, or other necessaries, or who have granted warrants, lanc, C issued, disburfed, or expended money belonging to the public, or drawn bills, or made contracts, or purchased provisions, stores, or other necessaries, for the supply of his majesty's forces by sea or by land, or for the defence of the islands or places where they respectively have had or have commands; and all other commissaries, muster matters, and agents, and all persons whatsoever, who have been concerned or employed in transporting, victualling, clothing, or supplying his majesty's forces by sea or by land, or in remitting money for the use of the same; and all other persons whom the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit to examine touching the receipt, ifliie, expenditure, and manner of accounting for the duties, taxes, and moneys, so granted, raised, and appropriated, and touching all other matters and things necessary for the execution of the powers vetted in the said commissioners by th said a; all which officers and persons are hereby directed All which of and required punctually to attend the said commifliofter$, at fleers, care such time or place as they, or any three or more of them, shall tommiflu)n C appoint, and also to observe and execute such orders and direc erg and'exe tions as the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, cute their or shall make or give for the purposes before mentioned. ders.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be, and empowered to are hereby empowered to examine into any cowupt and fraudu examine mto^ lent practises, or other misconduct, committed by any person or pra<tticesinthe persons concerned in the management of any of the duties taxes, management or moneys, so granted, raised, or appropriated, as aforesaid; and of public for the better execution of this present act, the said commiflio xheir'olacc of ners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to meeting, meet and sit, from time to time, in the old secretary of state's ofice at Whitehall or in any other places where they iba.il think sir, with or without adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person May send for Of persons whatsoever; and for such books, papers, writings, or papersor rerecords, as they shall judge necessary, for their information re cord latingto the accounts, matters, and things aforesaid; and all bailiffs, constables, sheriffs, and other his majesty's officers, are hereby required to obey and execute such orders and precepts aforesaid, as shall be sent to them, or any of them, by the said commissioners, or ariy three of more of them, touching the Commissioners premises: the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such clerks, an(j afjogir* messengers, and officers, as they shall think meet, and to give to them falarien every of the said clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed in him by the said commissioners, and in all other things touching the premises; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said N L 3 trust

r i ISO

Com m»fli oners to give an account of their proceedings to his maj fly, and to both houses of parliament.

Enumeration of particulars to be contained in (ucb account.

No com midi oner to hold a .ciyil -- office

of.profit during pleasure under his majesty.

Any three of the commissioners to be sworn before the chancellor of the exchequer! canno

vicesimo Georgii illic. 54.v [bto.1

tru/l in fthem fe y er a I ly and respectively reposed, without' talcing*ap.y thing for'fych their service, other than such (alary oir reward a? the said cqmjnilfioners, or any three or more of'them, 'shall think fit to, direst and appoint in that behalf. ^

. V And be it further enacted, That the said commirtioners'shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto requited, and as soon as possible after the determination of their examinations and proceedings by virtue of this act, without any further requisition, give an account of their proceedings, in writjng under their hands and Teals, or under the hands and seals of any three or more of them, to the lings. mofi> excellent raajesty, and to both houses of parliament j. and shall in like manner report to his Majesty, and to both hbufes^ of parliament, an exact (late of the fees or gratuities paid or given in collecting, issuing, expending, ^and accounting tor, the faijij public moneys, and the authority under which such fees and gratuities are paid or received; and also what defects they have observed, during the course of their examinations and proceedings by virtue of this act, in the present mode of contracting^for public Cervices, or of executing public services by agents, 'or. of collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting fori the public moneys i and whether the said defects arise from any" omission or misdirection in the laws respecting the course used iuf ^lve receipt of theexchequer, or from any defect in the cori ftjrution in the offices of the auditors ot the impressed, or from the want of a fuffiejent number of fit and able aidants employed by the said auditors, in the execution of their offices; or from any defect in the constitution of any of (he offices concerned in issuing, expending, and accounting for the money appropriated to t, he publick^service, pr from a want of a sufficient power to' ppiupel the several accountants to pass their respective accounts. ymhout delay or from any other, and what cause; and shall in like manner report to his Majesty, and to both houses of parliament, such orders, rules, and regulations, as in their judgement shall appear fit and expedient to be established, in ordet that the duties, taxes, and moneys, granted, raised, and appropriated, for the. public service of this kingdom, may hereafter be received, ilfped* expended, and accounted for, in the manner the moult expeditious, rood effectual, moult beneficial, and advantageous to the public,

, VJ. Apd be it further epasted, That no person appointed i com mi fli oner by thi? aft, shall accept of or bold any civil office of profit dmring pleasure from or under his Majesty during the continuance of this act.

VII And be it further enacted. That any three of the said qommissioners in this, aft, before they enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer or before the matter of the rolls for the time being, (wjiich they and pither of them ai; e hereby authorited and required toadminister, } the tenor whereof shall be as followeth j (that is to say, )

I A. B.

1780.], Anno vicefunq Georgii III C 54, 151

1a. do weary that, according to the best of my skill and know the oath.

ledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the several powers and trusts vejlcd in me by an act, intituled, An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and (late the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public service; and what defects there are in the prtfent mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public; according to the tenor and purport of the said a ft.

and every other of the said commissioners in the act named shall The said three lifcewife take the same oath before the said three commissioners''are hereby authorised and required to administer the same the oath to after they shall themselves have taken the said oath a aforesaid. the rest.

VIII And be it further enabled. That the lords commiflio Lords of the nets of the treasury, or lord high treafgrer for the time being, treasury may are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid pe order of all such turns of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, toecommifli to such person or persons as the said commissioners, 6f any oners, three or more of them, shall; by writing under their hands, desire or. direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sums so issued and paid (hair Application he employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other thereof, officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners, or apy three or more of them, by writing under their hands and seals, in that behalf; the same to be accounted for by the person or persons tp whom the same shall be issued or paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

IX And be it further enacted, That if any such public ac Executors of countapt is dead, the executors or administrators of such de attend*com -^ ceafeid accountant shall, when required thereto by the commit mission*rs, and Goners, or any three or more of them, attend the said commis execute their fioners, and observe and execute the orders and difedtions of order the (afd commissioners, in like manner as accountants by this j

aft are required to do. t

X And be it further enacted, That this act, so far as relates c?n^nu?cr to the powers of taking, examining, and dating accounts, arid 0 1, sa adtninidering of oaths and issuing of precepts, shall endure for the space of one year from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and no longer. 1

l4 CAP.

j52

Preamble.

Recital of an act 13 and 14 Car. a.

I.

Part of the recited act repealed.

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 55. [1780*

CAP. LV

An act to repeal so much of an act made in the thirteenth and four. teetith years of the reign of King Charles the second9 as refrains the removal of wool, and other articles, to certain times and hours therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the thirteenth and jour te tntb years of the reign of King Charles the Second (intitujedy An act against the exporting Of sheep, wool, wool iells, mortlings, fhorlings, yarn made of wool, wool flocks, fullers earth, fulling clay, ancj tobacco pipe clay, ) it is amongst other things, enact ej9 That no packs, sucks, bags, or cajks, of any wool) wool fells, mortlings, Jhorlings, yarn made of wool, wool flocks, fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobacco pipe clay, Jljall be laid or loaded on any hcrfey cart, or other carriage whatsoever, or Shall be carried or conveyed by land to or from any place or places within the kingdom of England, town of Berwick, or dominion afore[aid, nor after the first day of January, one thousand six hundred and sixty two, in the king dom a/'ireland, but in the daytime, and at Jeafcnoble hours; that is to say, from and after the first day of March to the nine and twentieth day 0/* September yearly, between the hours offour of the clock in the morning and eight of the clock in the evening; and from the nine and twentieth day of September to the first day of March yearly, between the hours ofseven of the clock in the morning and five of the clock in the evenings under the penalty of the loss and forfeiture of all such goods, or the value thereofand whereas, since the making the said recited act, several other regulations and rejiriftions have been established, by various other acts oj parliament which are now in force, to prevent the exportation of wool, and the other articles herein before mentioned; and it has been found very inconvenient, and in many cases impracticable, for the growers and manufacturers of and dealers in wool to remove their wool to be manufactured, or to the publiik fairs and markets in Great Britain, within the times and hours limited by the said act of parliament herein before recited, without such an additional delay and expense to the proprietors as would be greatly prejudicial and injurious to the woollen manufactures of this kingdom; for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be ten acted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiriruat and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembted, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, so much of die herein before recited act of parliament, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, as rellrains the carrying or conveying of wool, wool fells, mortlings, fhcrlings, yarn made of wool, wool flocks, fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobacco pipe clay, within the times and hours in the said act mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void; but such wool wool fells, *mortlings, fhorlings, yarn made of wool, wool flocks, fullers

earth.

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.56. 15j

earth, fulling clay, and tobacco pipeclay, shall, in all other re fpeels, be subject and liable to the several restrictions and regulations prescribed by the said recited act, or by any other dd or acts of parliament respectively relating therflb which are now in force, in the same manner as if this act had not been made..

CAP. LVI

An act for continuing in the pojfefflon of the united company of mer (bonis of England trading to the East Indies, for a further time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for reviving, and continuing for a further time, fa much of an act, made in the thirteenth, jtar of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for eftabiilhing certain regulations for the better management of \ the affairs of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe, ) as hath expired in the course of the present year; and for indemnifying the said company for any money they have paid, or map pay, in or about the building of three Ships of the line for the service of the public.

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the thirteenth year of the Preamble reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting Rccital of to his Majesty a sum of money, to be raised by exchequer bills, $geo.yc.6u and to be advanced and applied, in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, ) it was dire stead, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treofurer for the time being, should cauft to be prepared and made any number of exchequer bills, not exceeding in the whole the amount of m million four hundred thousand pounds, to be lent, advanced and ijfucd, as in the said act was directed, for the relief of the united imponp of merchants of England trading to the East Indies: and whereas by the said act it was declared, That in the then circumstances tf the east-india company, it would not be in their power to provide fr the repayment of the loan aforesaid, and for establishing their offers upon a more Jecure foundation for the time to come, unless the public Should agree to forego, for the then present time, all participation in the profits arising from the territorial acquisitions and revalues ktelp obtained in the East Indies; and therefore it was by the said act rnftei, That, until the aforesaid sum of one million four hundred thoufanipounds Should be repaid, and she bond debt of the company be uma io the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, the'<

whole clear profits arising from the aforesaid territorial acquisitions sod revenues, after defraying the charges and expenses attending the font, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said com'\ .'

ponp, after providing for the current payments of interefi, and other .

migs, charges, dnd expenses, of the said company, Should, from time to time, be aijpofed of and applied in the manner as in. the said act was directed that is io say, Until the aforesaid sum of one million fair hundred thoufifnd pounds should be repaid, ana so long as the said [mor any part thereof, should remain unpaid, there Should, in the

*5^ Anno vkelimqjgfcmujii III C r. [47845.

frfipkce, h Jet apart end applied cut of the said clear revenues and profits, Jucb a sum as might be Jujficient for answering a dividend to the, proprietors of the flock of the said company not exceeding the rate of six pounds per ofctfutn pec annum upon the capital flock of the said company; and all the fur plus of the said clear revenues and profits Should be applied in diminution of the said sum of one million four burr dred thou/and pounds, or fuebpart tptreqf asshould be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charges incurred in respect thereof > and after the repayment of the whole of the money so advanced and applied as afore said, and until the bond debt of the said company Should be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, there Should in like manner be set apart and applied, in the first place, out if the said char revenues and profits, such sum as might be sufficient for answering a dividend not exceeding the rate of fitven pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital flock of the said company 5 after which dll the jurp]as of the said dear revenues and profits Should be applied in reducing the bond debt of the said company, and whereas the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds has been repaid and fid!y d\fcharged, and ulhhe charges incurred in refpeltjhereof have been defrayed, and the bond debt of the said company has been reduced to or under, the sum of one Million five, bundled. thoufajod, pounds, whereby the circumstances, in confederation whereof it was in the aforesaid act declared, that the public Should agree to fonego, for the then present time, all participation in the prom dnfing from the territorial aequifitions and revenues lately Obtained in the East Indies have ceased and are determined, whereas, notwitbflandihgx tf may be expedient that the aforesaid territorial acqufitions and revenues Should, for a limited time, and under certain conditions and re jh ifliotis, remain in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the. East Indies: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled > and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirftual and temporal, and commons, m this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the obtained in the same, That all the territorial, acquisitions and revenues lately ob remain into une n he ^ajl Indies shall remain in the possession or the possession of united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors for and during the terr of one veaf, to be computed from the fifth day of April in the year ot dttf Lord one thousand fever hundred and eighty.

No dividend U Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho to be made by rity aforesaid. That, for and during the said term, the whole the company; clear profits arising from the said territorial acquifiuons and re before April 5, venues, after defraying the charges and expenses attending the than eMit101^ ^amc» together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said cent.cper anm comply after providing for the current payments of inrerect,

* and other outgoings, charges, and expenses, of the said company, shall be disposed or and applied in manner following; (that is to say, ) It shall and may be lawful, out of the said ctehr revenues and profits, to set apart and apply, in the first place, such sum as may be fuffiejent for answering a dividend to the

pro

Ait the territorial acquifi tioni and revenues, lately

the company till April 5, 1781.

/

*55

1780.] Anno'vicelimo Georgii 111.

proprietors of the dock of the Paid company, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds pet centum per annum upon the capital flock of the said company; after which the whole surplus of the said dear revenues arid profits hall be reserved and await any future agreement that may be made between the pubhek and the said company.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The company That, daring the continuance of this act, the Paid united com *rc to 10 pany do cause, and they are hereby directed and required to cause, 'half>earlyl> to be made up half yearly, with as much accuracy as the nature during the

of the case will admit, a ftatemeht or account of the profit and continuance loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said com of th pany* together with a ftatc of the debts of' the said company in and llu England, exclunve of their bond debt, to the first day of Septem upon th, ir. brand the first day of March; the first of such statement or trade. See. accounts to be made Up from the feld day of March to the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty; and which to tranfoiit such statement or account fairly written, and signed tranfntitted t by two or more of the direftbrs of the said united company, '^ert^f'the' within twenty-one days after the day to which such statement or treasury** shall be made up respectively, to the commissioners of Iris majesty's treasury, or the high tfeafurer for the time being.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, dur The company ing the continuance of this act, it shall not be lawful for the said rellrifted from

aited company, or their successors, or any of their officers or accepting bill ijrvants on their account, to accept or otherwise bind the drawn on

company, or their successors, for the payment of any bill or bills them by their C exchange, drawn by any of rheir officers or servants, at any of officer, See. in their presidencies in the ea/l Indies, for any sum exceeding the thceaft Indies, sum of three hundred thousand pounds, exclusive of certificates, to the amount of eight thousand pounds, to the commanders and officers of each of the company's ships, without the consent and without the tier first had and obtained of the commissioners of his majesty's

J J e cotnmmtionrt*

t: eaiury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of of the treasury. the high treasurer for the time being; who are hereby respectively authorised to give such consent, or to make such order thereon, as they shall judge expedient; and every acceptance or engagement made contrary to the true meaning and intent of this act, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

V And whereas by another act, passed in the same feffioh of par Rec; fai Of lament, [entitled, An act for establishing certain regulations for X Geo.; C 63. the better management of the affairs of the east-india company,

as well in India as in Europe, ) it was, among other things, enabled.

That, sir the government of the prefedency of Fort William in Bengal, there Should be appointed a governor-general and four counsellors, and that the whole civil and military government of the said pr eftdemy, cid CL ft the ordering, management, and government, of all the tern ttrialaquifstidns and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Ohlfa, fihfil, during such lime as the territorial acquisitions and revenues Jh: u!d rerhain in the possesston of the said united company, be ifed in the said governor genera! and council of the said preftdency of

Sort

*5« Anno vicesimo Georgii III 0, 56. [1780.

Fort William in Bengal; and also that the governor general and four first counsellors appointed by the said act*flould each of them bdd and continue in his and their rcfpettive offices for and during the term of five years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the government of the said presidency andftmli not be removable in the mean time except by his Majesty* his heirs and fuccffirs* upon representation made by the court of dire&crs for the said united company for the time being: and whereas it meg be expedient that the said regulation should be revived and extended it the person and.persons who, at the time of passing this act shall have and enjoy the respective offices of governor general and counsellors of The governor the said presidency be it therefore enacted by the authority afore general and said, That the person and persons who at the time of the pass the 0^refidencf ns all have and ejiioy the office and offices of go

offortwihiam vernor general and counsellors or the said prefjdency, shall hold iball continue and continue in his and their respective offices for and during 5o their offices the continuance of this act, and shall not be removable in the continuance of mean t*me» except by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon thuj^e* representation made by tbq court of diredors for thq said united cept they company for the time being; ard shall have and enjoy all and Should be re singular the powers and authorities vested by the said acfc in the by his first governor-general and four first counsellors by the said act, C y C appointed, apd shall be fqbjed to the said restrictions apd limitations as by the said act the first governor-general and nrfl four counfellbrs were made subject; and that in case of the avoidaoce of the offices of such governpr general, or any of the said counsellors, such office shall be respectively supplied io the same manner as the, same office would by the said act have been supplied, during the remainder of the term of five years which was computed from the time that the first governor-general and four first counsellors took upon them the government of the said presidency.

This act not VI Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted. That to affect $$ in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex rights of tiic tend, to affqd the rights of the crown, or of the said company, the^om^rf aer expiration of this act; but that the same shall remain, after thep^continue, and be, in the same state and condition, in all respects, cxpiraiiun as though this act had never been made, thereof. VII And whereas the united company of merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, have resolved to build three ships of she line of battle for the use of the publicly and great pregrefs hath been made in building the said ships the expenses whereof will amount to a very considerable sum of money: and whereas by an act made in tbekfi session of parliament (entitled, An act for continuing in the pof vession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained lit thteafl Indies j and for continuing, for a limited time, so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefenr Majesty, intituled, An act for ejlablifling certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company as mil

- in

The com pin indemnified for all Turns of money they have paid, or shall pay, for building three ships tor the use of the public.

Public act.

1780.] Anno Vicesimo Georgii III C 57, 58. *57

India as in Europe, as will expire in the course of the present: : ) the said united company are retrained from dtfpofing of the venues and profits of the said company, other wise than in the said act particularly mentioned*and it is necessary that the said united comity Should be indemnified with respect to any sum or sums of money thick they have already paid, or may hereafter pay, on account of hiding the said Jbtps: be it therefore enabled by the authority oresaid, That the said united company shall be, and they are ereby fully indemnified, exonerated, and discharged, for and pon account of all such sum and sums of money as they already ave paid, or may hereafter pay, for any expenses incurred, or % be incurred, in building the said three ships for the use of the public; anything herein before, or in any other law or statute, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That this at shall be deemed and taken to be a public alt; of which notice shall be judicially taken by all judges, justices, and all otherfpersons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LVII

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the ules and purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for r, ooo, ooo1. treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax act of this session, concerning loans, C The dairies, Ac. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to the loans, C to be made in pursuance of this act. Principal and interett, with charges, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1781, then to be paid out of the sinking fund; and the moneys To issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. The bank empowered to advance, on the said credit of loan, any sum not exceeding X ooo, 0001.

CAP. LVIII

An act for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported by the east-india company, in the hip Europa, in the year one thousand/even hundred and seventy five.

TH E R E A S great part of the coffee imported by the united com Preamble. V V fany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the finp Europa, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, which remained unsold on the sixth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and other parts of such coffee which hath been sold hfthe said united company, yet remains uncleared in their ware bokfes belonging to the buyers thereof, and which, by reason of the interruption given to trade, by the rebellion and difiurbancesfubfifing inftverdof the British colonies in North America, the proprietors tf fitch coffee may not be able to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to entitle them to receive the drawback of the duties thereon \ and it is reason aue and neefffary that some further time should be grantedfor the exportation of such coffee; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cnalled by the king's most excellent

>$* Anno vicesimo; qe*jsii IIL cf 59. [178a

lent majesty, by and with the advice, and consent of the lords spiritual and. temporal, and coramqns, in this present parliament Further time assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if the said allowed for the coffee, imported by the said ship Europa, in the year one thou costimpoit kyen hundred and seventy five, and now remaining un ed in the Sip" cleared in the said company's warehpuses, shall be, exported to Europa. any parts beyond the seas at any time within seven yqars, to be computed from the importation theiyof, there fhqll be diava back and allowed for, the same, to the; exporter or exporters thereof, such and.the lame drawbacks or allowances, and under such rules, regulations, securities, penalties, ard forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would have been intitlecf to in case. such coffee bad hcen exported, within the term of( three years from the importation thereof >, apy law, custom*or usage, to the contrary natwithstanding.

CAP. UK.

An a to empower his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and to re jlrain the carrying coafiwtfe% of capper jn bars, or copper in Jbeeto, for a limited time.

Preamble. WHEREAS copper is foufid by experience to be offsuh, malt

V V rial use in the sitting of/hips and vessels of war, that to certain furpofes the same may be deemed a military tore, and the pnbbd fervite may require temporary rejlraints upon the exportation thereef at critical conjunctures lejl the same Jhouli come to the use of ibt enemy 5 therefore, to prevent all doubts, be it hereby declared and enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com hit Majesty mons in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho empowered, rity of the same. That his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflfors, may, by proclama by proclamation or order in council, when he or they shall see to cause, and for such time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit exporting, or e*port'ng> or attempting to export, out of this kingdom, or carrying coast carrying coastwise in this kingdom, any sort of copper in (beets, wise, copper in or copper in bars, therein described, in such manner, and under (beet, or bar. such restraints, as he or they shall think fit.

All copper II And it is hereby further enacted, That whatever quantity shipped conor qualities of copper in (heets, or copper in bars, prohibited by trary to such .proclamation or order in council to bp exported, or to be earned prohibition, to coastwise, shall be shipped, or laden on board any ship or vef bctor eitc*fel, in any of the port or ports of Great Britain, in order foi exportation, or to be carried coastwise, contrary to.such proclamations order, all such copper in (heets, or copper in .bars, shall, be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer or officers of ftis and the own majesty's customs; and the owner or owners of such copper in er to forfeit (heels, or copper in bars, as shall be so shipped for exportation, hundred ***** or n or^cr to carr'e<^ coastwise, shall several ly and respectively weighu forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred poupds for every bun i dred weight of such copper in (heets, ojr copper in bars, and foin

m

1780.] Anno ricfefimo Georgii III c.60.

in proportion for any lester quantity so shipped for exportation, or m order to be carried coastwise.

HI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on fall be aiding or assisting in the shipping or loading any copper persons assist inflheets, or copper in bars, for exportation, or in order to be smsoe any carried coastwise, during the time it shall be so prohibited by pro such copper i cfamttion or order in council, contrary to such proclamation or order, every such person shall forfeit and pay one hundred pounds, and treble the value of such copper in (heets, or copper 'in bars.

IV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any, and on mastert

master of any ship or vessel shall lade or take on board, or suffer of vessels tak orpermit to be laden or taken on board, any copperin (heets, V

or copper in' bars, 'for^ exportation, or in order to be carried board coastwise, during the time it shall be so prohibited to be exported or carried coastwise as aforesaid, every such master (tali forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

V'And it is hereby further enadfed/ That the one moiety of Penalties and the several forfeitures and penalties herein before mentioned and forfeitures provided shall be to the use of hisv Majesty''heirs or succes jjjjjjj* ** ap Ibrs, and the other moiety to the use of such dfficer or officers of p tbecustomsas shall feizeorfud for the same, by bill, plaint, or information, in his majesty's court of exchequer in Eng

or Scotland respectively; wherein no essoin, protedtton, or twrof law, shall be allowed.

VI And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance id force until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred of this att. and eighty one.

CAP. LX

in act to explain and amend two acts made in the fifteenth and six tetnth years of the reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Emits of the Greenland seas and Davis'; freights, and the seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the time for the return of the vef feis employed in the whale fisheries,

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the fifteenth Preamble year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An at.^f for the encouragement of the fisheries carried on from Great v5geo.3x.3t* Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe \ and for'feurmg the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others, employ*whn the fair! fisheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the foteigfeafon *) in order to induce his Mjefiys subjects in Great Britain W Ireland, and the sjlands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man,

* kttrry on the whale fishery on the coafis of Newfoundland and the; fte adjacent, certain bounties therein mentioned are allowed annually, see a limited time, to a certain number of vessels which Shall be fitted mi Wider the limitations and restrictions in the said eft mentioned,

: which shall tale and kill one whale at the leaf in the gulf of Saint, Lawrence, or on the coafis Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any I fmtothe southward of though Grceland seas and Davis'; freights: and \ whereas

to Anno vicesimo Georgii III jc. 60. [1780.j

whereas doubts have arifeny whether whales taken and killed in northern latitude sixtyfour degrees and an half, are, within the intent and meaning of the said act, to be deemed to have been taken and tilled in any seato the southward of the said Greenland fas and davis'j freights; and to obviate such doubts for the future, it is necessary to explain particularly the limits of those seas, and of the seas adjacent thereto: may it therefore pleaie your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefen! parliament assembled, The limits of and by the authority of the same. That the Greenland seas and th Greenland Davis's (freights shall be deimed and taken to extend to the la ltreights. t'luc*e f fifty-nine degrees thirty minutes north, and no sura there; and that the said bounties, granted and allowed by the said recited act, shall not extender be construed to extend, to anv whale that shall be taken and killed in any seato the southward of the said Greenland feasor davis's (freights, exceeding forty-four degrees of north latitude; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And whereas, by reason of the present hojliuties, vessels employed in the whale fijheriey are liable to great hazard, and are frequently obliged to wait for convoy to protest them from capture by the enemy, and it is therefore expedient to allow them a longer time to pursue the said fisheries, and for their return home, for remedy whereof, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Vessels em That the bounties granted by the before recited act, made in the ployed in the fifteenth year of his majesty's reign, shall be allowed for such a^owe^a16"68 ve^c*s as have been ^ttec* anc clcared out since the first day of longer time January one thousand seven hundred and fevehty nine, or shall for their re be hereafter fitted and cleared out, in the manner directed by the turn home. said ad!, during the present hostilities, from and after the said first day of January, in each year, and which shall return to some port in England on or before the thirty fjrft day of December in the next succeeding year; and that the bounties granted by another ad!, made in the sixteenth year of his majesty's reign, in a6geo C 47. tituled. An act for the further encouragement of the whale fifhtry carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the customs in the island of Newfoundland), shall be allowed for such vessels as shall be fitted and cleared out, in the manner directed by that ad!, during the present hostilities, from and after the first day of January in each year, and which shall return to some port in England on or before the thirty first day of December in the next succeeding year; anything in the herein befbre recited acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; but the said several respective bounties shall, in all other respects not hereby altered, be subject and liable to the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as if this act had not been made.

ijrioj anno^vicesimo Georgii III o. 6t.

CAP. LXI

An act for continuing the encouragement and reward of persons mating certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making aether useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS by art ail, made in the seventeenth year of the Preamble reign of his present Mfiefiy, (entitled An act for render R.. mg more effeflual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of hi present Majesty, for promoting the discovery of a r

method for finding the longitude at sea, so far as relates to the encouragemenr and Yeward of persons making lesser discoveries'\

for finding the same, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation; and to the making of experiments relating thereto *, the commissmers for the discovery of the longitude at fta were empowered, whenever they should be satisfied of the probability of any propofol or propofils that should be made to them for difed vering the said longitude or making any other useful discovery and im ft fitment in navigation, so as to think it proper to cause experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the commissioners of the navy, and also, in case they should adjudge any person or persons to have made any discovery for finding the longitude at sea, which, though not of so great use as to be entitled to any of the great rewards specified in an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majsfiy, intituled, An al for the repeal of all former acts concerning the i4geo.3.c.$& longitude at sea, except so much thereof as relates to the appointment and authority of the commissioners thereby constituted, and also such clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, poblilhing, vending, and licensing, of nautical almanacs, and other useful tables; and for the more effe6hial encouragement and reward of such person and persons as shall discover a method for finding the same, or shall make useful discoveries in navigation; and for the better making experiments relating thereto; jit that the said discovery was of considerable use to the public, or to have made any other discovery or discoveries, improvement or improvements, useful to navigation, to certify such less reward, or sum orfums of money, as they the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude should think reasonable, to be paid to such person or persons; and the commis fours of the navy were thereby authorised and required to make out kills upon the treasurer of the navy for such sums so certified, who was thereby authorised to pay the same immediately to such person or persons; and whereas, by reason of several payments made by the trea fonr of the naxy to several persons, in pursuance of the directions of the findfir ft mentioned act, the said commissioners for the discovery of bngifu/e have expended the whole of the sum offive thou [and pounds, granted by the said act for the purposes aforesaid: whereas the continuing the said encouragements and rewards, for the purposes mentioned in the said first mentioned act, will contribute to the advantage' of trade, and to the honour of this kingdom; may it therefore plea to your Majesty that it may be enatfed; and be it enacted by the'VOL, XXXIII M king's

longitude of the probability of any proposals for discovering the longitude, C

t6z Anna vicesinpo Georgii III e. 6u [1780,

king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present'parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Commissioners That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission ofthenavy, on m for tfce discovery of longitude, and they have hereby full bythec©oin p°wer and authority, whenever they shall be satisfied of the pro miflloners of bability of any proposal of proposals that shall be made to them for the discovering the said longitude, or making any other useful discovery and improvement in navigation, 10 as to think it proper tq cause experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the commissioners of the navy; and also ip case they shall adjudge any person or persone to have made any discovery for finding the longitude at sea, which, though not of so great use as to be entitled to any of the great rewards specified in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, yet that the said discovery is of considerable use to the public, or to have made any'other discovery or discoveries, improvement or improvements, useful to navigation, to certify such less reward, or sum or sums of money, as they the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to focli person or persons; and the commissioners of, the navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a bill or bills upon the treasurer of the navy for such sum or sums as shall be so certified to them by the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude, and the said treasurer of the navy is hereby authorised and required to pay immediately such sum or sums, to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude to make such experiments, or to receive such less reward, or sum or sums of money, for making lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or any other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, out of any moneys which shall be in his the said treasurer's hands unapplied to the use of the navy.

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such sum or films of money as (hail be paid by the treasurer of the navy, by virtue of tl\is a ft, for the purposes of making such experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding in a lesser degree lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, and also other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, do not all together exceed the sum of five thousand pounds.

III Provided also. That such sum or sums shall be certified, and such bills shall be made out, and payment thereof made, in such manner, and under the same regulations and provifioqs, as are in and by the said a of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty pr^feribed, with regard to the sum of five thousand pounds, by the said a made applicable to the eikouragemont and reward of such person or persons as (hold make letter discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or make other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto.

shall order a reward to be paid to the authors of such proposals.

The sums to be paid by virtue of this at not to exceed 5, 0001.

The sums to be certified, and payment made, agreeable to the regulations of the above recited at 14. Geo. 3.

CAP.

tyfo.] Anno vicesimo Georgii tll c.62.

j

CAP. LXII

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain fam of money otft of thb sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned fdr (fee service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty; anfd fob farther appropriating the supplies granted in this leflion ot parliament.

Preamble. 1, 849, 541/. IX nd 37. granted out of the sinking fund, sot the service of tfc« current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. t/eafury impowercd to raise the sum of 1, 84.9, 54.*/. IX ud. 37. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking funcf. a41 persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of Joan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cods. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment. Auditor C neglectmg his duty, liable for damages, C to be recovered at west flhnder. No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought is course, so as money be rcerved for the preceding orders. Power of assignmtnt, and method of transferring orders. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills instead of loans; and the hills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the said tax act of this feflfioo* relating to loans or exchequer bihs thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bihff intcred. and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 1, 849, 54.tl. 1 /. ud. 37. not withit Hiding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Manx. The sum of 650, 457/. tsi. and 1 farthing, surplus of the sinking fund; *5, 560/. surplus of the deductions of 6d. in the pound upon salaries, C 3, 761/. 13/. 4d. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1780; 10, 506/. 5 /.*d. 17. remaining of the supplies for 1750, See. 5, 000/. remaining, which was granted tor building a lazaret; and such moneys as. shall be paid into the exchequer betwetn April 5, 1780, and April 5, 1781, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; shall be applied towards staking good the Aipply. A (urn not exceeding 14, 405/. IX 6d. being loppages for proviiions for artillery in America 20, 7x7L 7/. 4d. out of _ theiavmgsof the grant for new levies; 113, 998/. 7x. 4d. being fa rings out 6ftbe Anns granted (or cjficers' widows for five years; 10, 000/. out of the tarings of the half payol reduced officers, fromjune, 1767, to Dec 1779? and 48, 300/. reserved by the pavmaster out of the moneys voted for subsistence of I undry augmentations, shall be applied towards defraying the extraordinary ex pence of the land foroes, C from Jan. 31, 1779, to Feb. i, ro The moneys arising by the land tax, malt tax, lottery aft, loans (1, 500^000/.) further loans (1, 900, 000 /.) vote of credit (1, 000, 000/.) 650457/» 18/. 1 farthing, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1780* oftadurpluflesof the sinking fund; 25, 560/. remaining of the.deductions of 6d. in the pound out of salaries, Sec. 3, 761/. 13/. 4d. halfpenny, rc taniiag in the exchequer on April 5, 1780, exdufive of the sinking fund f 104066. 7#. 2 d. 17. remaining of a sum granted in 1750* for making — i a deficiency of the preceding year; 5, 000/. granted, in 5 Geo. 3. for r a lazaret; such moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer be vpril 5, 1780, and April, 5, 1781, of the produce of the duties on Omi Senega and Gum Arabic; and 1, 849, 541/. IX 11 d 3 q, by this act fnotedout of the excesses, C composing the sinking fund; together with the money arising from the Tale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war; and also such sum of money as his Majesty shall direst to be applied to tbepubfick service, which shall arise out of the sale of the ceded ifiand* in the West Indies; shall beapplied to the ufesfollowing: 5, 503, 184/. p»ld. towards naval service; 1, 500, 000/. towards paying off the navy deb'; 458, 136/. 9i. 11 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1780; 591, 466u and zid, for the charges of the office of ordnance not provided

M a tor

Anno viccfuno Georg H III C 62. [178a

for in 1779; 6, 519, 080/. 3 j. 7 d. 2 q. towards maintaining the land forces. See. of which 946, 176 /. 3/. 5d. for defraying the charges ot 359005 effedive men, including officers, and 49*13 invalids, for guards, garrisons, Sec. in Great Britain, Sec. $ 1, 418, 059/. 1 s. d. for forces and garrisons in Africa,

1 See. 44, 875/. 8/. 3 d. for general and general staff officers in Great Britain; 56, 118/. III 1 id. iq. tor five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provitions for three of the said battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1780; 367, 891 /. 19/. 4d. for 13, 471 troops of Hesse caf fel, See; 35, 510/. 19/. 9d. for two regiments ot Hanau, See.; 17, 519/. n9d. for a regiment ot Waldeck, Sec.; 94, 173 /. 11/. 4 d. 1 q for 4, 300 Bruniwickerr, Sec.; 39, 718/. 18 j. \d.xq. for 1, 44.7 troops of Brandenbourg Anfpach; 16, 661 /. 6j.4d.1q. for infantry, cof Anhalt Zerhfi; 48, 8011. 10/. 6d. for provisions for foreign troops serving in America; *7, 741 /. 10/. for defraying the charge ot artillery tor foreign troops, for 1780; 653, 916/. is. for defraying the charge of the militia in South Britain, and four regiments of fencibles in North Britain, for 1780; 96, 183/. 4/. id. for the defraying the charge of clothing tor militia in South Britain,

, for 1780; 8, 943/. 13/. 8 d. for defraying the charge of additional companies to militia in South Britain, for 1779; 158, 206t. 18/. tor defraying the charge ofihe new.levies for the year 1780; 8, 613/. 17/. 6d for defraying the charge of lieut. col. fullarton's corps, from Feb. 14, to Dec. *4, 1780, both inelusive; 3, 179/* 1*/. 6d. for defraying the charge of an additional troop, C to lieut col. Holroyd's light dragoons, for one year; >1, 919/. 9#. id. for defraying the charge of major-general Rainsford's regiment ot foot, from Feb. 14, to Dec. 24, 1780, both inelusive; 8, 613/. 17/ 6d. for defraying the charge of lieut. col. Humberftone's corps, from Feb. 14, to Dec. *4, 1780, both inelusive; 87, 718/ to the out pengoners of Cbelfea hospital; 11, 711 /. 9/. 6 d. for defraying the charge of additional companies. Sec. of militia in South Britain, for 1780; 4681. 15/. 8 d. to make good the deficiency of pay of the said additional companies, Ac. 30, 2061. 16 /. d. for defraying the chat ge of the new levies, from their establishmenu to Dec. 24, 1779; Si, 905/. si. on account of reduced officers of land forces and marines; 608/. 6s. 6d. to the two troops of horse guards reduced. See. 1, 211, 348 /. 5s.9d. 1 q. for extraordinaries of land foroes, from Jan. 31^779, to Ftb 1. 1780; 1, 000, 000/. for payirigoff exchequer bills made out by virtue of the vote of credit of talk (tfiion; 1, 500, 000/. for paying off other exchequer bills of lait (tfiion; 1, 900, 000/. for paying off further exchequer bills of last session; 15, 700 /. to make good to his Majesty the like sum iil'ued in pursuance ot the addrefies of the house of commons; *5, 000/. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerlet House; 4, 796/. so. 5d for supporting the ci\il cttablifhment of Nova Scotia; 2, 866/. for the civil tftablifhment of Georgia; 3, 950/. for the civil establishment of East Florida; 3, 900/. for the civil establishment of West Florida; 3, 150/. for the civil establishment ot the ifiand ot St. Jonn; 1, 851/. 5/. for defraying expends attending surveys in/n^rth America; 13, 000/. for maintaining forts on the coait ot Africa; 6, 997 /. 4/. 3d. on account of new roads. Scc. in the highlands of Scotland; 57, 910/. 12/. tor relief of American civil officers, Ac; 10, 000 /. for aflilting the Levant company; 3, 500/. to the British Muleum; 14.348/. 2/. 9d. to be paid to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining convids, C 37, 371/. 18/ yd. iq. to make good the deficiency of a fund to pay annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. 1; 331, 856/. 4/. d. iq. to make good the deficiency ot a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 18 Geo. 3; 167, 036/, 14/. id. 2q. to make good the deficiency of a tund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3; and 300, 687/. os. id to make good the deficiency of grants for the year 1779. The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned Rules to be obfei ved in the application of the half-pay. By ad 19 Geo. 3* a sum not exceeding 87, 703/. 8/. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers Overplus moneys, above satisfying said officers, to be dif pqfed of to officers who were.maimed, Scc. in the late wars, or to officers' widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to pay to certain persons any sum not exceeding 10, 506/. 5/. idt 1 q.

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 63. 165

CAP. LXIII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have acted in the suppression of the late riots and tumults, in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and borough of Southwark, and for the preservation of the public peace.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, on the second day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, a great number of disorderly persons assembled themselves together, in a riotous and tumultuous manner, near to both houses of parliament, and possessed themselves of the avenues leading to the same, the said houses being then sitting, and there committed great acts of outrage and violence to many of his Majesty's subjects; and afterwards proceeded to attack the houses of some of the public ministers of foreign princes and states, residing at his majesty's court, and to break into the chapels belonging to such public ministers, and to set fire thereto, and continued riotously and tumultuously assembled for several days and nights; and during that time attacked and set fire to the gaol of Newgate, the King's Bench prison, the prison of the Fleet, and set at liberty the prisoners therein respectively confined, and broke other gaols and prisons, and set at liberty the prisoners confined therein, and set fire to, and pulled down, the dwelling houses of diverse of his Majesty's peaceable subjects, in several parts in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and borough of Southwark, and burnt and consumed the materials and furniture of the same, and did other acts of outrage and violence: and whereas diverse magistrates, and others, have exerted themselves for the suppression of the said riots and tumults, and for putting an end to the said outrages, and for restoring and preserving the public peace, and on the occasions, and for the purposes aforesaid, have done diverse acts which cannot be justified by the strict forms of law, and yet were necessary, and so much for the preservation of the lives and properties of his Majesty's subjects, and the public safety and peace, that they ought to be justified by act of parliament, and the persons by whom they were transacted ought to be indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[All actions, indictments, &c. commenced against magistrates, or others, for any thing done or commanded by them, in suppressing the late riots, before June 24, 1780, shall be discharged and made void; and all such magistrates, &c. shall be idemnified.]

That all personal actions and suits, indictments and informations, which have been or shall be, commenced or prosecuted, and all molestations, prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, and judgements thereupon, (if any be), against the said magistrates, or other persons, for or by reason of any act, matter, or thing, commanded or done on the occasions, and for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them, before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be discharged and made void; and every person, by whom any such act, matter, or thing, which shall have been commanded or done, before the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, as well against the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all and every other person and persons; and if any action or suit hereby discharged, or intended to be discharged, is or shall be commenced or prosecuted, every person so sued may

[General issue.]

plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant

[Double costs.]

or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like remedy, as in when costs by law are given to defendants.

CAP. LXIV

An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS diverse evil minded and disorderly persons did at several times between the second and eighth days of June, in this present year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, assemble themselves together within the cities of London and Westminster, and the borough of Southwark; and being so assembled together, at some of the said times, did burn, destroy, or break open diverse of his Majesty's gaols and prisons; that is to say, the gaol of Newgate, the prison of the Fleet, the King's Bench prison, and other gaols and prisons in the city of London, and in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and did cause the prisoners then confined therein to escape, and go at large: and whereas the sheriff or sheriffs, marshal, warden, or other officer or officers, who had the custody of the said gaols or prisons, and the prisoners therein, may be or are in danger of being sued, indieted, prosecuted, or proceeded against, by reason of escapes of prisoners let out, or set at liberty, in manner before mentioned; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs (at whose suit such of the said prisoners as were confined by virtue of civil process were in custody) may be under difficulties with respect to their proceedings against such prisoner or prisoners; also such prisoners as were set at large without their own concurrence or consent, may be in a worse situation, by means of their enlargement, than if they had remained in actual custody: be it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent majesty,

[All actions, indictments, &c. commenced or to be commenced against any sheriff, under-sheriff, or gaoler, &c. for the escape of any prisoner during the late tumults, shall be discharged and made void.]

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal actions and suits, indictments, informations, and all molestations, prosecutions, and proceedings whatsoever, and judgements thereupon, (if any be, ) had, commeneed, or prosecuted, or to be had, commeneed, or prosecuted, against any sheriffs, under-sheriffs, marshal, warden, bailiff, gaolers, officers, or their sureties, for or by reason of the escape of any prisoner or prisoners, who was or were, or has or have been discharged, or let out of prison, or caused to go at large, in manner, and on the occasion aforesaid, be, and are and shall bo discharged, annulled, and utterly made void and of no efsect, to all intents and purposes, by virtue of this act; and if any such personal action or suit hereby discharged, or intended to be discharged, is or shall be commenced or prosecuted, every person so sued

[General Issue.]

may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if judgement pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their

[Double costs.]

double costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like remedy, as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

[All prisoners by civil process who were set at large as aforesaid, who have surrendered, or shall surrender themsleves before Sep. 1. 1780, to the sheriff or gaoler, &c. under whose custody they were, and shall deliver to him their place of abode, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any prisoner or prisoners who was or were, at the times aforesaid, in custody in any of the gaols or prisons aforesaid, by virtue of any civil suit or process, and who was or were let at large, in the manner, and on the occasion aforesaid, hath or have surrendered, or offered to surrender, him or herself, or themselves, or shall, on or before the first day of September now next ensuing, surrender, or offer to surrender, him or herself, or themselves, to the sheriff or sheriff, marshal, warden, or other officer or officers, under whose custody he, she, or they was or were, at the time of his, her, or their said enlargement, or their successors in office, and shall have given, or shall give, or deliver in writing, to such sheriff or sheriffs, marshal, warden, or other officer or officers as aforesaid, (or their successors in office, ) the place of abode of such prisoner or prisoners; and in case he, she, or they shall change his, her, or their place of abode, shall, in like manner, give notice in writing to such sheriff or sheriffs, marshal, warden, or other officer or officers, (or their successors in office, ) of such new place of abode, and shall at all times, when lawfully called upon by such sheriff or sheriffs, marshal, warden, or other officer or officers, or their successors in office, or by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in the suit or suits depending against them respectively, be ready and willing to surrender, and shall surrender, or offer to surrender themselves, in such manner as aforesaid, such prisoner or prisoners so surrendering, or offering to surrender, him or herself, or themselves, and conforming

[shall be considered as still in custody, and not be liable to arrests, &c.]

themselves in such manner as aforesaid, shall be considered, to all intents and purposes, as if he, she, or they, now was or were, and had always remained and continued, in the custody of such sheriff or sheriffs, marshal, warden, officer or officers, in whose custody he, she, or they, was or were at the time of his, her, or their said enlargement, and shall not be liable to be arrested by virtue of any civil process out of any court; and in case they have been, or shall be, so arrested, shall be discharged therefrom.

[Plaintiff, or other creditor having cause of action against such prisoner may deliver declarations, &c. to the Sheriff or gaoler, and give notice thereof to the prisoner; ]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, at whose suit such prisoner or prisoners was or were in custody, or for any creditor or creditors having causee of action against such prisoner or prisoners, to deliver declarations, and all other proceedings, against any such prisoner or prisoners, to the sheriff or sheriffs, marshal, warden, or other officer or officers, in whose custody such prisoner or prisoners was or were at the time of their said enlargement, (or their successors in office, ) and to give notice in writing thereof to such prisoner or prisoners, or to leave the same at his, her, or their place of abode; which proceeding shall be as good and available in law, to all intents and purposes, as if such plaintiff or plaintiffs, creditor or creditors, had proceeded according to the forms heretofore used against

[and such plaintiff, &c. may proceed to judgement thereon, as if the prisoner were in actual custody, &c.]

persons in actual custody; and such plaintiff or plaintiffs, creditor or creditors, shall and may proceed to judgement thereon, within the same time as if such prisoner or prisoners was or were in actual custody, and also shall and may take out execution against such real or personal estate, of such prisoner or prisoners, as is or shall he liable thereto by law.

[How plaintiffs are to proceed, with respect to such prisoners who shall not have surrendered themselves before Sep. 1, 1780, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That with respect to such prisoner or prisoners, who was or were in custody in any of the gaols or prisons aforesaid, by virtue of any civil suit or process, and who was or were let at large in manner aforesaid, and who hath or have not surrendered him or herself, or themselves, in manner aforesaid, nor shall offer so to do within the time above for that purpose limited, it shall and may be lawful for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, at whose suit he, she, or they were so in custody, to deliver in like manner declarations, and all other proceedings against such prisoner or prisoners, to the sheriff or sheriffs, marshal, warden, or other officer or officers, in whose custody such prisoner or prisoners was or were at the time of his, her, or their said enlargement, or their successors in office, and to give notice thereof in the London Gazette; which proceedings shall be as good and available in law, to all intents and purposes, as if such plaintiff or plaintiffs had proceeded according to the forms heretofore used against persons in actual custody, and shall and may proceed to judgement thereupon, within the same time as if such prisoner or prisoners was or were in actual custody, and take out his or their execution thereupon.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be in any manner prejudiced or damnified for or by reason of his, her, or their not having proceeded against any prisoner or prisoners from the time of his, her, or their said enlargement, until the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

[Regulations relative to defendants woo have or shall tender themselves, or whose bail shall be desirous to surrender them, before the King's Bench and Fleet prisons shall be repaired, &c.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any defendant or defendants in any action or information hath or have tendered to surrender him, her, or themselves, or hath or have been tendered to be surrendered in discharge of his, her, or their bail, and the court, or judge of the court, in which the action or information hath been depending, for want of a proper place of confinement, hath not committed such defendant or defendants; or in case any defendant of defendants, in any action or information, who hath or have given special bail, shall, before the said prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively shall have been repaired, or other prison or prisons been substituted in lieu thereof respectively, and notice thereof given in the London Gazette, as hereafter mentioned, be desirous to surrender him, her, or themselves in discharge of his, her, or their bail, or the bail shall be desirous to surrender such defendant or defendants as aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall and may come or be brought before any court or judge of the court in which such action or information is or has been depending, and such court or judge shall and may commit such defendant or defendants to the custody of the marshal or warden of the Fleet, (as the case may be, ) and the tipstaff shall tender such defendant or defendants to the marshal or warden, (as the case may be, ) or his or their deputy or deputies, and the bail shall thereupon be discharged, and such defendant or defendants shall, and is and are hereby required in all things to conform to the rules and directions herein-before prescribed concerning such prisoners who have been set at large, and have surrendered or tendered themselves to be surrendered, or shall tender themselves to be surrendered, in manner herein-before mentioned, and such defendant or defendant shall be deemed and taken to be in actual custody; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such suit or information, or any other creditor, shall and may proceed against him, her, or them, as in custody, in such manner and form as is herein-before directed concerning such prisoners as were set at large, and shall have surrendered or offered to surrender themselves in manner herein before set forth;

[Marshal or warden not answerable for escapes until such reparations are made &c.]

provided nevertheless, that the marshal or warden shall not be answerable for the escape of any such prisoner or prisoners, until the prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet, respectively shall have been repaired as aforesaid, or other prison or prisons substituted in the place thereof, and such defendant or defendants shall be in their actual custody.

[The warden of the Fleet prison not answerable for the escape of prisoners committed to his custody since the destruction of the said prison; ]

VII. And whereas there is not at present any place of safe custody for prisoners committed by the courts of chancery, common bench, and exchequer; and it may have happened that persons (since the destruction of the said prison of the Fleet) may have been committed to the custody of the warden of the Fleet, in discharge of their bail, or otherwise, whereby the said warden may be liable to answer for the escape of such prisoners, be it further enacted, That the said warden, until the said prison of the Fleet shall be repaired made fit for the reception of prisoners, or some other prison appointed in lieu thereof, and such prisoner shall be received within the walls of such prison, shall not be answerable for the escape of such prisoners;

[but such surrenders shall be valid in law, and the bail shall be discharged, &c.]

nevertheless such surrenders shall be good and valid in law, and the bail shall be, and are exonerated and discharged, and such prisoners shall and are hereby required in all things to conform to the rules and directions herein-before prescribed concerning such prisoners who have been set at large, and have surrendered, or tendered themselves to be surrendered, in manner herein-before mentioned and thereupon shall be

--170--

deemed and taken to be in actual custody, and liable to be proceeded against as such in the manner herein before mentioned.

[As soon as it shall be notified in the London Gazette that the King's Bench or Fleet prison is properly repaired, all persons who escaped there out during the late tumults, &c. shall, within 28 days, surrender themselves to the respective keeper, so as to become actual prisoners therein; ]

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That so soon as the said prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively shall be repaired and made fit for the reception of prisoners, or other prison or prisons substituted in lieu thereof, and the same shall be notified in the London Gazette by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, all and every prisoner or prisoners who have escaped or been at liberty in conference of the said tumults and insurrections, and also all such person or persons, defendant or defendants, who hath or have since been committed, and who, under the provisions mentioned, are to be deemed and taken as if in custody of the said marshal or warden respectively, within twenty-eight days next after such notice given in the London Gazette of the repair of the said prisons, or either of them respectively, or of any other prison or prisons being appointed in lieu thereof, or of either of them, shall, and are hereby required to surrender themselves to the keeper of such of the said prisons to which they shall respectively belong, and in whose Custody they are, under the provisions of this act, deemed and taken to be, so as to become actual prisoners, and within the walls of such prison or prisons respectively;

[or shall lose all the benefit of this act, and be incapable of taking the benefit of any future insolvency act.]

and every such prisoner or prisoners, person or persons, defendant or defendants, herein-before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse so to do, not having any reasonable excuse in that behalf, shall forfeit and lose all the privilege and benefit of this act, and shall and may be retaken by any plaintiff or plaintiffs as in case of wilful escape; and such prisoner or prisoners, person or persons, defendant and defendants, shall be, and are hereby declared and rendered for ever incapable of taking the benefit of any act which may at any time hereafter be passed for the relief of insolvent debtors.

[This act not to extend to prisoners confined in the New Prison, or Marshalsea, on June 8, 1780.]

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the case of any prisoner or prisoners who, on the eighth day of June in the present year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was or were confined in the New Prison or the Marshalsea prison, under the custody of the marshal.

[The sheriff of Middlesex, until Newgate is repaired, &c. may confine persons, taken by him on any civil process, in any place of security within the county, &c.]

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, until the prison of Newgate shall be rebuilt or repaired, or other prison substituted in the place thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the sheriff of the county of Middlesex to confine any person or persons who were not in custody at the time of the destruction of the gaol called Newgate, and who hath, since the destruction of the said gaol of Newgate, been, or shall be hereafter arrested or taken in execution by the said sheriff, on any civil process, in any other gaol or place of security within the county of Middlesex; and such gaol or place of security shall be subject to all such regulations and provisions as county gaols are by law subject to; and the name of such gaol or place of security, together with the names of the prisoners therein, and of the causes in which they are arrested or detained, shall be fixed up in some publick and open place in the said sheriff's office.

CAP. LXV.

An act to repeal frnrnch of an act, modi in the seventaentb year of his prefect Mayefiy's reign, os relates to the more easy and fjpeedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Halifax,

Bradford, Kigfiley, Bingley, Guiftley, Cafverley, batuy, Birstal,

Mir field, Hartifbead cum Clifton, Aluumdbury, kkkheaum,

Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordship or liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the county of Yprk; and for granting other powers for those pttrposes; and for extending the'jurisdiction of the court baron of the manor of Krghley, in the county.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poof 'of the hamlet f mile end new Town, in the parish of&$priey, in the tmty of Middlesex; for paving, cleanjujgf lighting, and watching the ftreels, and other open passages and placet, within the said hamlet, and removing nuisances and annoyancei therefrom, andpreventing the like for the future; for confohuaiing the highway rates with other rates within the said hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the parish of Saint Mary Metfelloo otherwise Whitechapel, in the said county oniremoving a bar now fiandingapr.ofs the same, anjothgr nuisances and annoyances therefrom and preventing the hh for the future.

C A R LXVII

An off for enlarging the mat and powers of an act, made in the twenty fistth year of the reign bf hit late Majesty, entitled an u to widen and repair the yoad from the guifopost, near the end of Drayton Lane, near Banburyy in the, county of Oxford to the house catted, The Sum Rfingi, at the top of Edge Mil, in the county o Warwick.

C A, P. k&vhl.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted'by two alls, made in the first and fixed tenth yeart f the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for'tftemore effefhial amending the highr way between Hdckliffe arid Woburn, in the county of Bedford,

. add foe repairing the road leading through Woburn to ib Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

CAP. LXIX

A §8 far continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers

tan 48, puffed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his 1 majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from the Crofi of Hand, heat Finford Bridge in the county of Warwick, through the town of Betaban in the, same county, to the borough of Banbury in the county of Oxfordj and from the guiderpeft in the village

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 70-^73. [1780.

Iage of Adderbury in the same county, through Kiffington, to the mile^way leading towards the city of Oxford \ and also the road leading from a place called the two mils tree near the city of Oxford, . over Go ford otherwise Gojfard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Weflon on the Green in the said county y so far as the same relates to the road leading from the Cross of Harid near Finford Bridge in the county Warwick,

, the town of Southam in the same county, to the borough. .a/tbanbury in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXX

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act pajfcd in the. thirty fir (I year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Tetbury to the gates on the wefi of simondvhall down, and other roads in the said act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the road from the market house in tetf>ury to the turnpike road M i n C hinh a m p t on common;

, and from the said road in Minchinhampton field unto the turnpike road from Cirenccdtt to Stroud, near bumuaql; and from the said turnpike road to tayloe's mill pond, in Chalford'jbottotri, and through Hide, to the bottom of the bourn hill, in the county of Gloucester;

CAP. LXXI

An act for more effectually repairing the roads from Warwick U Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in'the counties ofwarwick and Worcester; and for repealing the laws now in force relating to the said roads.

CAP. LXXII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign xf his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the highroad, leading from the town of Mansfield, in the countydf Nottingham, through the towns of Pleafley, glapwell, Heath, and Normenton, and the liberty of Hastand, to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby to the town of chesterfieu, in the county ofderby. >

CAP. LXXIII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirty second year of top reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for repairingjnd widening the roads from Grantham, in the county of Lined, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chapel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the town of Derby; and from the guide post, in the parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, ) as relates to the road leading from Chapel Bar, near the wifi end of the town Nottingham, to Saint mary's Bridge, in the town of Derby, and from the guide pofi, in the parish of Lenton, to Savyley Ferry. *

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III 0.747 — 78.

CAP. LXKIV.

a51 An act<18 for enlarging the term and powers of an ail, made in the thtrty second year of tie reign of his majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from Chapel Bar, near the west end of the tojarn of notting bam, to New Haven, and from The Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe to ajbborne, and from The Cross Post on wtrkf wrtb moor, to join the road leading from Ch'ejierfield to xlha pel en le Frith, at or near Longfton, in the county of Derby, and from Selfton to Annejley Woodbouse, m the county of Not -- ting bam.

CAP. LXXV

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the thirty ficerid year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to continue, amend, and make effectual, an a, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, can act for repairing the roads from the u northwest parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam "Fields Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to The Wolds, or "northeast part of the said county and also for repairing and widening the roads from The Well, in eqji Gate, in the city of Lincoln, and from the northwest ena of Iftorncastle, and from The Guide Post, at the east end of Hainton, through Barhwiih, to the roads directed to be repaired by the said act.

CAP. LXXVI

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from The Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the parish of Burford, in the county of Oxford, through the several parishes within mentioned, to a place in the parish of Preston in the county of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

CAP. LXXVII

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Gosport, in the county of Southampton, through Fareham and Wickham, to the town ttfbishops Waltham j and from Wickham aforesaid through Droxford, Exton, Warnford, Westmeon, and rums dean Bottom, to Chawton Pond, in the parish of Chawton, in the said county.

CAP. LXXVIII

An act to explain and amend so much of an act, passed in the sixteenth year of his present majesty9s reign, to continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Highgate gatehouse and Hampstead, and for several other purposes in thefaidfir ft mentioned act contained, as gives power to tuft or remove turnpikes or toll gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any turnpike or toll gate in grayvinn Lane, or between the said lane and the new road leading from Islington to Paddington.

CAP.

m

Gooale

Anno vicesimo geor6ii III d. 79*^83* [178c*

CAP. LXXIX

An act for more effefinally repairing the road leading from the end of the Exeter turnpike road, on the west side of lord clifford's park gate to Biddaford; and also fever at roads leading frm Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teign Bridge, in the county sf Devon; and for repealing two assis, of the thirty second of kit late Majesty, and the second of his present Majesty, made for Tipairing the said roads.

CAP. LXXX

An afi to continue, enlarge, and render more ejfefiual, the term and powers in three several assis, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and in the eighteenth and thirty ftrfi years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Birmingham, through fvarwick, to lvarmingtons and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to edgehtu, in the county of Warwick, so far as the fathe relate to the road frm Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington oferesaid, and soon to the utmost limits of the said county, on Edgehill aforefoid.

CAP. LXXXI

An afi to enlarge the term and powers of an afi, passed in the twenty 1 seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Bridgeford Lane, in the county of Nottingham, to and through several towns and places in the counties of Nottingham, Leicester, and Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling green at Ketterings in the county of Northampton.

CAP. LXXXI I.

An afi for enlarging the term and powers of two assis, of the prjl and second years of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and I keeping in repair, the road leading from Fifberton Bmdgc to; the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the turnpike road at the west end of Heytefbury; and alio the road from the turnpike road at the top of Red Hone Hills in the parish of Urjbfont, to the mile stone at the western end of Fijherton Streets in the county of, Wilts.

CAP. LXXXIII

An afi to continue the term and enlarge the powers of an afi made in \ the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George i the Seconds for repairing the road from the south end of the South Streets 'in the parish of South Mailings near the town of Lews, to Glynbridge; and from thence, through Pirle Strut under the Hill, to Longbridge, in' the parish of Alfriftor*> in th | county Of Sussex*

C A Pi

*75

1780.] Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.84 — 88.

CAP. LXXXIV

Jh cfl for making and maintaining a road from Tiltups Inn, in the parish of Horsley, to join the turnpike road leading from Circncefter to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the parish sf Rodborough; and from the bridge at Nailfworth, in the parish of Avening, to Minchinhampton Common; andfevtral aether roads therein mentioned, all in the county ^glouccftcr.

CAP. LXXXV

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two efts, of the twenty fxth of his late Majesty, and the fifth of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the mwro/shepton Malet, in the county of Somerset; and for repairing the road from Steen Bow Bridge to the turnpike road*leading from Glastonbury to piper's Inn, and from Chilkwell to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a place called The White Port, in the turnpike road leading from Bath to Weill, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXVI

An 08 for reviving and continuing the term, and varying some of the powers, of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the highroad from the bofough of rjpon, by Ingram Bank, to the town of Pateley Bridge, in the county of York; and for making compensation to the trustees and mortgagees'under two acts, made in the thirtysecond year of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the highroad from Wctherby to Gralfington, in the county of York,

CAP. LXXXVI I.

A act for repealing t{uo acts, made in the eleventh and twenty seventh years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from the Trent Bridge, in the county of the town' of Nottingham, through Coflock otherwise Cortlingflock Lane, to Coats Bridge, in the county of Leicester; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road.

CAP. LXXXV III

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his majesty King George the. Second, intituled, An act for repairing, amending, and widen mg, the roads from the southwest end of Netbir Bridge, in the county of ivejlmorland, by Sizerghfellfide, to Levtris Bridge, and from thence, through the town of mmtbrop, to Dixies, and from the town of Millthrop aforesaid to hang bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road at the guide post near Clawthrop Hall, in the county aforefaicl

CAP,

Anno vicesimo Georgii III C 90 — 93. [1780.

CAP. LXXXIX

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his prejent Majesty, intituled, An a CL for amending the road from Sacred Gate, in the parish of Thorn Gumbali, to Pat t ring tonne Creek or Haven, and from The Gu ide poji, in ivinejlead, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the county of York \ and for scouring and cleansing the said creek or haven.

* CAP. XC

An act to continue the term, and alter and'enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late mcjfij King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Stockhridge in the county of Southampton to the city cf Wmchejier, and from the said city, through Bellmottr Lane, to the top of Stephen's cajue Down, near the town of bishopjs Waltham in the said county, and from the said city of ifinchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate in the town and county of the town of Southampton.

CAP. XCI

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the thirty jccondyear of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the cross, at broken cross, in Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, to the turnpike road at Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for making and keeping in repair certain branches of road, to communicate with the said Macclesfield road.

CAP. XCII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, one made in the thirty second^year of the reign of his late Majefiv, for repairing and widening several roads therein mentioned in the counties'of Southampton and Dorset, and the other made in the Second year of the reign Gf his present Majesty, to amend the said former z&i and for amending and widening the road between Ringwood Gate in the county of Southampton to Woolfbridge, and from thence to the great western road between a place called Tbicktborn and Cafhmore Inn, so far as the said two acts relate to the fifth division of road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned act.

CAP. XCIII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, pajted in th thirty first.year of the reign of his late majesty King George tit Second, for repairing and widening several roads from Tetbury, and other places in the county of Gloucester, so far as the fomt relates to the road from Tetbury to the gates on the west of Symonds Hall Down, and from the house at the top of Froccfter Hill, where the turnpike gate lately Jlood, to the turnpike rod from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the field called Bouldown Sleight to the end of a lane adjoining to the road from Horsley tt

Tetbury,

1780.3 Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.94 — 99. Tetbury, near Tiltups Inn; and for amending and keeping in repair the road from the said turnpike road near Howells Down across Owlpen Down, to a lane leading to Lampern Hill; and from another part of the said turnpike road near the Latter wood turnpike, acrofi Owlpen Down afore said; all in the said county of Gloucester.

CAP. XCIV

sin ah for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled, An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Louth, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XCV

An act for making and maintaining a rode from Sage Cross, in the town i/melton Mowbray in the county of Leicester, to the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XCVI

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his majesty King George the southeast cond(, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Gulieford, to The Directing Poji near the town of Farnham, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. XCVII

An act for continuing the term and powers of so much of an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Mould to Denbigh, and from thence to talycafn and Conway*and from Wrexham to Ruthin* Denbigh, and Rhyddlan, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint and Carnarvon as relates to the road from Wrexham to Denbigh,

CAP. XCVIII

An act for amending the road from the west end of Seend Street, to the Horse and Jockey, in the parish of Box, in the county, of Wilts, and certain other roads leading out of the said road; and for making an additional road from the said road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes turnpike road, at or near Somerham Brook, in the same chapelry; all in the said county.

CAP. XCIX

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, pqffed in the thirty femdyear of King George the Second for repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows in the parish of Sunning, in the county of Berks through Wokingham New Bracknowl, and Sunning bill, to Virginia Water in the parish of Egbqm, in the county Surrey.

CAP,

Vol. XXXIII

N

Anno vicesimo Georgii III c.ioo. [1780* CAP. C

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from Epsom, throughto Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the county of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at Ewell, across Ewell common fields, to the Ryegatc turnpike roady on Borough Heath, in the said county.

END of PART I. VOL. XXXIII

1

THE

«

Statutes at £arge.

Anno vicesimoprimo G e o r g i i III Regis.

Being the FIRST Session of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vot. XXXIII Part II

L )Qle

A

T A B L E

O F THE

T A T U T E

P U B L I C K and PRIVATE,

Failed Anno V primo

GEORGII III Regis.

Bong the First Scffion of the Fifteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. Tto extend the provisions contained in an act, passed in the last session of parliament, (intituled, An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections), to persons arrested and bailed since the destruction of the said gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other prisons substituted in lieu thereof.

Cap. 2. For further continuing an act, made in the seven scenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, to empower his Majesty to feture and charged,

orfujpefted of, the crime of high tre committed in any off his -

Jess colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor the trim of piracy.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifea in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou faod seven hundred and eighty one. ...

Cap. 4. For continuing and grantipeto his Majesty certain

- Vot. XXXIII»duuc*

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 5. For extending the provisions of three acts, made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth years of his present majesty's reign, with refpcdl to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to prizes taken from the states general of the United Provinces for declaring what goods shall be deemed military or ship stores; for regulating the sale of and ascertaining the duties upon East India goods condemned as prize in the port of Lon* ion \ for permitting the purchasers of prize goods condemned abroad to import such goods into this kingdom, under the like regulations and advantages as are granted by law to captors them (elyes; and for reducing the duties on foreign prize tobacco.

Cap. 6. For further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown fili in any ships or vef felsyfor a limited time.

Cap. 7. To explain and amend an act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for augmenting the militia.

Cap. 8. For punishing Ynutiny and desertion9and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 9. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 10. For making compenfatkm to the proprietors of certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and ejfex^ purchased in pursuance of two several acts of parliament, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for securing his Mojefifs docks, hips, and /lores, at Sheerness and Chatham; ands for better defending the poffage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

Cap. 11. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 12. To continue the duty of cne fanhing per chalder on coals, granted by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing end maintaining the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York.

Cap. 13. For rendering effectual an act, made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 14. For raising a certain sum by way of annuities, and s lottery; and for consolidating certain annuities, which were made one joint (lock by an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, with certain annuities confblidated by several acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of King George the Secondhand in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 15. For the encouragement of seamen, and for themi speedy and cffedtual manning of his majesty's navy..

- -

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 16. For repealing the difpounts and abatements upon certain foreign goods; and for granting additional duties upon tobacco and sugar imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 17, For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the rcfpetfive commissioners of the excise in Great Britain.

Cap. 18. For keeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during the time therein mentioned.

Cap. 10. To permit the importation of flax and flax seed into this kingdom or Ireland, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or (fate in amity with his Majesty, navigated with foreign mariners, during the prefect hostilities.

Cap, 20. For declaring certain provisions of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, relating to the turnpike roads in that pan of Great Britain called England to extend to all acts made, and to be made, for repairing roads subsequent to the passing of the said act.

Cap. i For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand even hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 22. For improving the navigation of the river called Bourn Eau, from the town of Bourn to its junction with the river Glen at a place called Tongue End, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 23, For appointing commissioners for putting in execution an at of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raijed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 24. For repealing the present duties upon paper, paste boards, millboards, and fealeboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 25. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments 5 and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mistaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to my and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorn ics and solicitors.

Cap. 26. To permit goods, the product or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean Teas, to be imported *ato Great Britain or Ireland in British or foreign vessels from any place wfigtfpever> and for layipg a duty on cotton and fojfpo ffftfi jqvbp^ejijmo this ftngdqm jn fpreigo ft)ip$ or vef (dfr during "(be plxfcnt hostilities.

a % Cap,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 27. To permit, during the prefeht hostilities, the importation of goods, the produce of the plantations of the crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portuguese vessels; and the importation of certain other goods, therein enumerated, in any neutral ships and vessels.

Cap. 28. For allowing further titne for the exportation of. or payment of the duties upon bugles, when wafehoused upon importation into this kingdom; and for obviating a doubt with respect to charging the duties on rum imported from Scotland into the ijleof Man.

Cap. 29. To continue several laws relating to the opening and establishing certain free ports in the island of Jamaica; to the allowing the free importation of sago powder and vermicelli from his majesty's colonies in North America; to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland, and the British plantations in America \ to the allowing the exportation of provisions, goods, wares, and merchandise, to certain places in North Amenta, which are or may be under the protection of his majesty's arms, and from such places to Great Britain and other parts of his majesty's dominions; to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs j to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his majesty's plantations in America; to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and to revive and continue several laws relating to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of copper in bars, or copper in (heets; to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores to be contained op board merchant ships on their voyages; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British corn and grain in neutral ships.

Cap. 30. For continuing, and making more effectual, several acts of parliament patted forcleanfmg and making navigable the channel from the Hythe at Colcbejler to Wivenhoc, in the county of ejfex\ and for repairing and cleansing the streets of the town of colcbejler\ and also for lighting the ttreets and lanes, and for preventing annoyances in the said town.

Cap. 31. For the better management and collection of the duties upon male servants, granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 32. To encourage the manufactory of verdegreafe in Great Britain, and for laying a duty on foreign verdegreafe imported.

Cap. 33. For building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of nenley upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto; for widening same part of the high street and the market place, for lighting and watch

togi

A TABLE of the STATUTES, ing, for regulating the footways in, and for removing nuhaples, obttruftions, and annoyances from, the said town, V Cap. 34. For further continuing and amending the ftveral acts pa (fed for preventing the frauds and abqfes committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of west mit/fttr* and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and he several parishes of Saint Gilts in the Fields, and Saint alary le bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, hoi born, as lies in the county of Middlefe#.

Cap. 35. For building a bridge over the river Adur, at or near Old Shortbam, in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 36. For amending, regulating, cleaning, lighting, watching, and keeping in repair, the ttreets, lanes, and patsages, within the borough of The Devizes, in the county of fviks; and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstruction therein,

Cap. 37. To explain and amend an act made in the fotnv teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent the exportation to foreign parts of utensils made nfe of hr the cotton, linen, woollen, andfilk manufactures 0) this kingdom.

Cap. 38. For the more ealy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York and the lievcral parishes of the same town.

Cap. 39. For further securing the property of the owners iin such ships or vessels as are liable to forfeiture for importing (pints or other goods, by the misconduct of the matters, mates, and seamen.

Cap. 4q, For extending the provittons of three acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and in the tenth aod nineteenth years of his present majesty's reign, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and iruh linens exported, to Bri ujb and Irish linens, British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or ttained, in Great Britain, and to buckrams and till lettings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that species of blue called Smalts.

Cap. 41. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand fever hundred and eighty one,

Cap. 42. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thonfantj seven hundred and eighty one.

Cap. 43. For continuing an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for exempting the city of Winchester, the county of Southampton, the town #/'shrewsbury, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an ob made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An act for regulating the quartering u of Joldiers during the time of the eleltions of members to serve in parliansent, " so far as the same relates to the removal of troops

a 3 during

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

during the eltftions of members to serve in parliament, for a limited time.

Cap. a4. For the more effcdiqally securing to the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed shares of prij&e and bounty money as shall arise from or in respect of any prices to be condemned and sold in his majesty's* dominions beyond the Tea; and to compel the more speedy payment thereof.

Cap. 45. For continuing and amending an act, made in the last feffioft of parliament, intituled, An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands of account ants, wbitb man be applied to the public service and what defects there are in the present mode of receiving, colusting, ijsuing, and accounting for public money 5 and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the [aid services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public.

Cap. 46. To enable John Bowater, esquire, to grant leases, in: possession, or reverfidn, of a dockyard and land at Woolwich, in the county of Kent, (being part of his settled estate)) theprio< chjfift officers and commissioners of his majesty's navy, in behalf of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

Cap. 47. To amend and enlarge the powers of an act, pa fled in the eleventh year o( his present majesty's reign, for performing several works, and making improvements within the uni verfuy.and city of Oxford, and the suburbs thereof, and. in the adjoining parish of Saint Clement.

* Cap. 48. To direct the payment into the exchequer of the jtespective balances remaining in the hands of the several persons therein named, for the use and benefit of the public; and for indemnifying the said respective persons, and their representatives, in respect of such payments, and against all future claims elating thereto; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 49. For preventing certain abufe6 and profanations on the lord's Day, called Sunday.

Cap. 50. For further regulating and ascertaining the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within feveraj .ports and places therein mentioned.

Cap. 51. To explain an act, parted in the third year of George the First, intituled, An act for explaining an act, peffed in the last session of parliament, intituled, 44 An act to oblige papists to rcgijur 44 their names and real efiates, and for enlarging the time of such re *4 gifiering, and for securing pur chases made by protefiants."

Cap, 52. For continuing the encouragement and reward of persons miking certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

Cap. S To render valid certain marriages, solemnised in certain churches and public chapels, in which banns had not ofaajjy been pubitlhed before or at the time of parting an at *

A TA8^E of the statutesi

made in the tweoty fitftb year of King George the Second, inti iuled. An act for the better preventing of clandefiine marriages.

Cap. 54# For the better regulating elections of citizens to serve in parliament for the city of Coventry.

Cap. 55. For repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual tecuring the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties tinder the management of the commissioners of excise, apd for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mi flake in an act made in this present fellton of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by th? stud aft.

Cap. 56. For granting to his m^jesty an additional duty upon almanacs printed op one side of any one sheet or piece of paper; and for allowing a certain annual sum out of the said duty to each of the unrverfities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the money heretofore paid to the said universities, by the Company of ftatiooers of the city of London for the privilege of printing almanacs.

Cap. 57. For granting to his Majesty a certain fuip of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand feveq hundred and eighty opc; and for further appropriating, the fupi: plies granted in tbi$ session of parliament.

Cap. 58. For rendering more effeftyal so much of an act made in the tenth year of his majesty's reign, intituled, An act for appropriating a fund eflablifbed by an act made in the seventbyear of the reign of his present Majesty, u for granting to his Majesty ad diiionai duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom \ and for efiablijbing a fund for the encouraging of the raiflng and ** dr effing of hemp and flax" as relates to the distributing and paying the proportion of the fund thereby appropriated for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called England, by applying a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annun^ out of the said arrears and duties, to the purposes aforesaid, for a time limited.

Cap. 59. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, tor the uses and pqrpofcs theiein mentioned.

Cap. 6q. For efiabliflmi* an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of two millions, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Cep 61. Tq explain and amend so much of an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to vejl certain messuages, lands9tenements, and hereditaments, in tru/iees9 for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships9 and fleresy at Plymouth qnd Shcernefe, and for 'better fafending the

a 4 pajjage

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

faffagt of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, as relates to the security of his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Plymouth.

Cap. 62. To explain and amend an all made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King fvifliam the Third, (entitled, An act for the leftening the duty upon tin and pewter export ed, and granting an equivalent for the same by a duty upon drugs)x so far as the same relates to the importation of drugs from the Russian dominions; and also an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for the further improvement of his Majejlfs revenue of customs and for the enr couragement of officers making seizures, and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dominions) \ to permit the importation of Orthillia weed, and Cobalt, during the present hostilities, from any place whatsoever, in British, Irish, or neutral ships; and to permit sugars, the growth of Demerary and Ejj'equiboy to be imported into Great Britain, upon payment of the like duties, and under the like reftrihions, as sugars of that british islands in the West Indies

Cap. 63. For the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

Cap. 64. To rehify a mistake in an all, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof 5 for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excist, and of the inland duties tinder the management of the commissionefs of'edtifer and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to breviers out of the additional duties impofei on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act.

Cap. 65. For e(labli(hing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for thd use of the public, in full discharge apd fatisfahipn of alt claims and demands of the public from the time the bond debt of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in refpeh of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and kifo for securing to the public in refpclt thereof, for a term thefeirti mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the said company; and for granting to the said com pany, for a further time, the foie and exdufive trade to and from the East Indies and limits therein mentioned; and for eftsblifh ing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in India as \n*europe9 and the recruiting the military forces of the said company.

Cap. 66. To explain and amend an all, made in the seventeenth year of the rpign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

promote the rejidence of the parochial clergy, by moling provifien for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, Repairing, or purcbaftng houses, dm other ntcejfary buildings and tenements, for the' use of their benefices.

dap. 67. To prevent the mifehiefs that arise from driving cattle within the cities of London and ivefirmnfttr, and liberties thereof, and bills of mortality.

Cap. 68. To explain and amend anadt, made in the fourth year of the reign of his kte majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more effectual punishiitg Jlealers of lead and iron bars fixed to houses, or any fences belonging thereunto.

Cap. 69. To explain and amend an atf, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for more effe%udly difsouraging and preventing the dealingr and the buying and receiving of fiolen lead, rrwr, topper, brass, bell metal, and solder \ and for more effectually bringing the offenders to jujiice.

Cap. 70. To explain and amend so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled An act for ejiabli/bing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company as wtliin India as in Europe, as relates to the vadministraiion of justice in Bengal and for the relief of certain persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal under a judgement of the supreme court of judicature; and also for indemnifying the governor-general and council of Bengal, and all officers who have acted under their orders or authority, in the undue remittance made tq the prpeefs of the supreme epuft.

Cap. 71. For vetting the parish church of Saint Christopber le Stocks, in the city of London, and the materials and feite thereof, and the churchyard thereto adjoining, in the governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever; and for uniting the fajd parish lo the parish of Saint Margaret Lotbbury, in the said city.

Cap. 72. For the better maintaining and regulating of the poor within the town of Plymouth Dock, and parish of Stoke Damarcll, in the county of Devon \ and for paving, deansing, and watching the streets, lanes, and passages, and removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances, and regulating the drivers of coaches, chaises, and carts, and also chairmen, and porters, within the said town

Cap. 73. For diminithing the fees payable, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Aftddlesex, the hamlets and liberties of the same.

Cap. 74. For erecting a new gaol, and for removing certain gateways, in the tity of Gloucester; and for amending the several acts passed for the maintenance and support of the poor of he laid city and lighting, paving, and regulating, the streets there.

A table of the STATUTES.

Cap. 75. For appointing new commissioners for continuing to carry into execution the trusts and powert of an a d parted in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for making the rivir fitower navigate, from the town ^maningtree, in the county of Eflcx, to the town of Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk in the room and place of those named in the said act who are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said act; and for other purposes therein mch tioned.

Cap. 76. For building a new church and redory house within the parish of Efcritk, in the county of York; and foe confirming an agreement with the rector of the said parish, for exchanging and exonerating from tithes certain lands and tenements in Efirkk aforesaid.

Cap. 77. For continuing the term, and altering and crdaig, ing the powers, of two acts of the ninth arid twenty-eighth years of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair iuch part of the roads described in the fall mentioned ad as leads from the end of Culbarn Bridge next to Culbarn, in the county of Oxford, to the end of Mmrferi Bridge next to Abingdon, in the county of Berks; and from The Moforh Stone at the end of Boar Strict, in the town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said county of Berks, and from thence to the west end of the town of Fyfield, in the same county.

Cap. 78. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from the item of Falmouth in tie county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helftooe, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the wejhuard of the said river and bridge.

Cap 79. For repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowjlownefs by the west of the borough of Lm* litbgow, and by the towns of Torph 'uhen, Batligate, and White burn, and from thence Tout h ward to the confines of the county of Linlithgow, at or near Hotthiufeburn.

Cap. 80. For more cffedually repairing the road leading from the town of Denbigh to the town of Saint Afapb, and from thence to the town and port of Rutbland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an act, made in the thirty fiecond year of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said road.

Cap. 8r. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road near the west end of the teetm of Chesterfield A? Matlock Bridge, and also the road leading mi ej the said road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the read leading out of the last mentioned road to the turnpike road near row efley Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap 82 For repairing and widening the rpad from Wihnfm

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Bridge in Wilmjhwythe county of Chejltr, through Nether Alderley and the town of conguton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Ldiotariy in the said county.

Cap. 83. For repairing widening, and altering the road from the present turnpike road upon Greenhill Moory near Norton, in the county of Dtrbys to Hatberjage, in the same county, through the several parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and Hatberjage, in the said county of Derby; and also the road from the road leading from Chesterfield to Hemjlone L ane Heady near Stoney Middleton, to totiey9 through the fevera! parishes of Bakewelly Hopey hath erfagty and Dronfeldy all in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 84. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Secondy for repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plympton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the eounty of Devon.

Cap. 85. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, paired in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for amendingy wideningy and keeping in repoiry severed roads therein mentionedy lying in the counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the eounty of the city of Coventry.

Cap. fc For continuing and amending an act, made in the thirty third year of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, wideningy and keeping in repair, several roads leading to the borough of Launceston, in the county of Cornwall. '

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from a certain gate on the turnpike road, at or near the south end of the town of Wejlon on the Greeny in the county of Oxfordy to the turnpike road on Kidlington Greeny in the said county.

Cap. 88. For continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcpfter, in the said tountyy and Feckenham, to a plate called Bradley Brook, in the mnty of Worcester; and from Alcester, through ureat Cough tonne and Crabs Cross, in the said county of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a common cdltd The Leekhay; and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Broomfgrove, in the said county of Worcester.

Cup. 89. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, parted in die thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the oeeond, for amendingy wideningy arid keeping in repair, the high roads from the borough of Tam worth to afhby deda zouch in the eounty of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry in the said county to a turnpike gate at or near the end of swarcliff lant, leading toy and in the parish of a(hby de la zouch aforesaid.

Ca. 90. Tw enlarge the term and powers of an act made in. the nrft year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

Good >

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and widening the road leading from the eajiern end of the borough of Qrampound in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Saint Auftell and Lost withiel, and from thence to the eafi end of the Western taphouse lane? the faidcounty.

Cap. 91. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the thirty^third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the roads from deanburn bridge, through Greenlaw, and parr of the Jedburgh road by Lauder, in the Jbire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarge ing the powers, of an act, made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leicester and Warwick; and for amending and keeping in repair the ro branching from part of the said roads, between Meajham in the said county of Derby, and burton upon trent, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road at or near The bults Head auboufe% in uwyctoss, in the said county of Leicester.

Cap. 93. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so much of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the markefrbovfe in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from cou ly Gate to Halefowen, and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the counties of wor eester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the road from Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Garter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarge ing the powers, of an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening toe highroad front Weftwood Gate, in the parish of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rulhden and Highatn Ferrers, and over Artleborough B idgc, to the turnpike road in Barton Seagravo Lane, in the parish of Barton Seagrave, in the county of North" ampton.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so mpeh of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign o his late majesty King George the Secondt for repairing and widening certain roads therein described, as relate to the roads from Otley to Skipton, in the county of York from Skipton to Colne, in the county of Lancaster J and from Skipton to Clitberoe, in the said county.

Cap. 96. For continuing and amending an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the roads from the west end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the county ofiork, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the county ef Lancaster $ from«Pku called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said cmtyaf York.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap 97. For enlarging the term and powers of twvo a, paired in the ninth and twenty-eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second for repairing and widening certain roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the road from Henley Bridge, in the county of Oxford to dor defer Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge and to a place called mile stone in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said county.

Cap. 98. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads, so far as relates to the road from Leeds to Otley in, the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 99. For continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing widening and mendings the road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the weji riding of the county of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the county palatine Lancaster.

Cap. 100. For more effectually repairing the road leading from the stones end in Kent Street, in the parish of Saint George Southwark to Dartford and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Kent and Surrey 5 and for other purposes.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Bejfelfteigh* through Wantage to Hungtrford* in the county of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the county of ivilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lambourn* in the said county of Berks; and for amending the road through Pigeon Lane instead of the said road through Halfpenny Lane.

Cap. 102. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of (q much of an act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burfcougk Bridge in Walton, in the county of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Giibum and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the said county of Lancaster, as relates 10 the roads from Colne to Blackburn and firom Blackburn to Burfcougb Bridge.

Cap. 103* For enabling the trustees for executing two alls, made in. the twenty seventh year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Kettering, in the county

Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks, to take down the turnpike erected in Sherrington Field in the find county of Bucks and to remove the same to the north end tf Sherrington Bridge, in the said counry.

Cap. 104. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the call end of the town of Chard to the south end of West Afoor, and from the well end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through ilmijur to Kenny Gate, and from the west end of Peas Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Raine Hill to llmister, and from White Croft to chil lington Down, and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 105. For continuing the term of an a made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for amending and widening the roads leading from stretford's Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the New Inn in the parish of Winftantow in the county of Salop 3 and also the road from blue mantle Hall near mortimer's Cross, to Aymftrey in the aid county of Hereford and for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of its present Majesty, as relates to the road from mortimer's Croft to Aymllrey Bridge.

Cap. 106. For more effehually repairing the roatf from The Dun Cow, in the town of Dunchunh, to the town of hillmor tonne, in the county of Warwick and from thenoe to Saint James End, in the parish of Dufton, in the county of Northampton \ and for repealing the several laws now tn force relating to the said road.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. A N act for naturalising Simeon Pope.

2. An act for naturalising John Frederick Kern, and Nathaniel Lewis Palejke.

3. An act for dividing and inebfing the commons and waste lands in the parishes of Shotejbam Saint Mary, Shotejham Saint Botolph, Shotejham All Saints, and Shotejbam Saint Martins, in the county of Norfolk.

4. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields commons, and waste lands, in the manors and parishes in high clore and Burghclere, in the county of Southampton.

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and wall lands within the parish of Hingbam, in the county of Norfolk.

6. An act for exchanging, dividing, allotting, and enclosing,

the lands and grounds called Whole Year Lanas, Half Tear ln elosures, Open Field Lands, Breeks, Commons r zp&^wajies, in Great Ring ft cad, in the county of Norfolk.

7. An act for enclosing and improving certain, lands and grounds within the township of West Halton* in the parish of Long Prejlon, in the west riding of the county of fork.

8. An act for naturalising d ime Charfotte Sophia Srffth, mile

of sir Robert Smyth baronet, and for qualifying ?hd enabling her to hold and enjoy a rent charge, ltmirnd tp heir ppon hr marriage! in the name of her jointure.

A TABLE of the STATUTE!

9.An act for naturalising John Herman Kattr.

10. An act for naturalising John Engelberts Ziegtnbetn and Charles Augujlas Piefcbell.

11. An act for naturalising George Lewis Kohn.

12. An act for naturalising Peter Chajfeaud.

13. An act for naturalising Jamfs Mary siorjet and John Lewis Hooffftetter.

14. An act for dividing and mclofing the common fields, common downs, wade lands, and commonable places, of and within the parish of Cbicklade> in the county of Witts.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor and parish of Dillorn otherwise Dilberne.> in the county of Stafford.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons ami waste grounds within the manor of Stoney Middleton, in the county of Derby.

rj. An aftfordividingand mclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable land, within the parish of liming at, in the county, of Warwick.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, as 'well within the parish and township of Pjtbley> as within the extra parochial liberty of Rsthbey Temple, in the county of Leicffler.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Little Harrowden, in the county of Nmbampton

20. An act to enable John Tripe derk, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Swete.

21. An act for vesting part of the freehold estates in the county of Kent, devised by the will of sir Gregory Page baronet, deceased, in trustees, to sell the same, for discharging encumbrances; and for laying out the residue of the money arising by sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be ietded in lieu thereof, to the like .uses; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing certain moors, com moos, or tracts of commonable land, called or known by the names of Tealbam Moory Blackford Moor, Blackford Ham, and Hare Pie within the manor oxblackfordy in the parish of Wed morcy in the county of Somerset.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the lammas meadows, hetths, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of spin fartbing% in thecounty of Norfolk.

24. 'an act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields, commonable grounds, and places, of and rwithin the manor, ford ship, and liberties of Mountforrelly in the county of 'Imaftor.

. *5. An flft'fbr nsthraltzing Dorothy Hannah Lwfa Harrht the wife of fyttiiam Htnlty, efiqaire.

> 96. An a&for vesting fererai landsand hcreditaaaents there.

'in

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in mentioned, of which Jacob earl of Radnor is tenant for life, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the moneys to arise therefrom in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments* to be settled to the like uses, instead thereof.

27. An act for divefling the inheritance in see Ample of diverse manors, messuages, farms, redories, advowsons, lands, tenements, tithes, rents, and hereditaments, of the right honourable James earl of Salijbury, out of Charles Bank and his heirs, and for veiling the same in trustees, and their heirs, to, for, and upon such of the several uses, trails, powers, provisoes, ends, intents, and purposes, mentioned and declared in and by an indenture of release of the nineteenth day of, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight, as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking em.

28. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Edmund Mopes, esquire, in Homing, in the county of Norfolk, in the said Edmund Shapes, in see Ample; and for settling an estate of the said Edmund Shapes, in Rt alias Burrow and Repps, in the same county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

29. An act for vesting diverse messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Suffix and Kent, being part of the settled estates of John Radclisse, of Hitehin, in the county f Hertford, esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other maf fuages, lands, and hereditaments, situate and being in the counties Hertford and Bedford, or one of them, to be settled, in lieu tfllreof, to the like uses.

30. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of John Baker, esquire, in Folkjlone, in the county of in the said

John Bah r, in see Ample; and for settling another estate of the said John Baker, in the said county of Kent, of equal value, in lieu thereof.

31. An act to confirm and establish an agreement, for cancelling and making void a settlement of certain manors, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the north riding of the county of York, the estates of the honourable Ann Fairfax, spinster; and for making another settlement of the same manors, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, to the uses mentioned in such agreement.

32. An act for effeduating the sale of a freehold estate of Ann Pinnoek, an infant, at New Wtndin the county of Berks, pursuant to an agreement with Thomas gentleman.

33. An act for effeding an exchange between John Pratchitt and William Pratchitt, gentlemen, of their estates in the counties of Stafford and Salop; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

34. An act for confirming and carrying into execution certain articles of agreement, made between me devisee and heirs at law of Frederiik, lord Baltimore, deceased, respecting the province of .Maryland, in America, and for other the purposes therein mentioned and for the establishing and veiling the ftjd province in Henry Harford, esquire, and. hit 'heirs, upon the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

several payments, terms, and conditions, and in manner, therein mentioned.

35. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain moors, commons, and waste lands, called Mark Moor, otherwise Tburll Moot) Mark Liberty Moor, otherwise Yonder Moor, and Foie Moors and Commons, situate within the parish of Mari, in the county of Somerset.

36. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common, called Dale Moor, or Stanton Moor, within the manors of Dale and Stanton, or one of them, in the county of Derby.

37. An act for enclosing certain lands within the parish of enj/bam, in the county of Oxford, and for setting out and regulating part thereof, as a common pasture, and for extinguishing all right of common upon certain enclosed lands within the said parish.

38. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons or waste lands in the townships of Grinjbill, Sanfaw, and Clive*in the parishes of Grinjbill and Saint Mary, in the county of Salop.

39 An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, and other uninclosed lands, meadows, and commonable places of, and belonging to, Cropjlon, in the parish of Thur tafon, and county of Leicester.

40. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and waste grounds within the parish of Hanbury, in the county of Worcester.

41. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable land, within the manor and parish of Kington, in the county of Worcester.

42. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within, and belonging to, the manor and parish of Frejlon Bifsett, in the county of Bucks.

The End of STABLE.

voi. xxxin. b

THE

statutes at Large, canno

regni G E O R g11 III regismagna Britannia, Francice, &1,

vicesimo primo.

AT the parliament begun and held at west minster, the thirty first day of October, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty sir ft year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, C Being the firfj session of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to extend the provisions contained in an act, passed in the last session of parliament, (intituled, An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections), to persons arrested and bailed since the destruction of the said gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other prisons substituted in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

[20 Geo. 3, c.64, recited]

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the last session of the last parliament, (intituled, An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections), divers provisions were made for the purposes therein particularly mentioned end expressed, which were to be in force until the prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet should be repaired and made fit for the reception of prisoners, or other prison or prisons substituted in lieu thereof, and the same should be notified in the London Gazette by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state: and whereas it has not yet been practicable to repair the said prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, so as to make the same fit for the reception of prisoners, and no other prisons have been substituted in lieu thereof; and doubts have arisen whether persons who have been arrested and given bail since the destruction of the said prisons, or who may hereafter be arrested and give bail before the said prisons are repaired, or other prisons substituted in lieu thereof, are within the intent and meaning of the provisions of the said act; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

[Defendants in any actions, in London or Middlesex, since the destruction of the King's Bench and Fleet prisons, who have surrendered, or who, before the said prisons shall be repaired, shall surrender &c. shall be intitled to the same privileges as those arrested before the late riots.]

in this in Present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any defendant in any action or information in London or Middlesex, hath, since the destruction of the said prisons, surrendered, or been surrendered; or before the said prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively shall be repaired, or other prison or prisons be substituted in lieu thereof respectively, and notice thereof given in the London Gazette, as in the said act is mentioned, shall tender to surrender, or hath been, or shall be tendered to be surrendered in discharge of bail, or shall be taken in execution by virtue of any process issuing out of any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, such defendant shall be entitled to the same privileges, benefits, and advantages, and subject to the same penalties and disabilities, and with the same indemnity for the marshal of the King's Bench, or warden of the Fleet respectively, as any defendant who was arrested before the destruction of the said prisons, and who has surrendered, or has been surrendered, in discharge of bail, would be by virtue of the said act.

[No debtor to be removed by habeas corpus into the King's Bench or Fleet prisons, before they are repaired, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the said prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet respectively, shall be repaired and made fit for the reception of prisoners, or other prison or prisons substituted in lieu thereof, and the same notified in the London Gazette by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, no debtor shall be removed or turned over, by virtue of any writ of habeas corpus, from any gaol whatsoever to the custody of the marshal of the King's Bench or warden of the Fleet; and the said marshal and warden respectively shall be indemnified with respect to all defendants removed or turned over, and such defendants shall be subject to all the regulations and provisions concerning defendants before expressed and contained, or referred unto, in and by this present act.

[Directions relative to persons, out of London and Middlesex, who have been or shall be arrested during the time aforesaid, and who shall be surrendered, &c.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, who, since the destruction of the said prisons, hath been arrested, or who, before the reparation thereof respectively, or substitution of some other prison or prisons in lieu thereof respectively, and notification of such repair or substitution in the London Gazette as aforesaid, shall be arrested in any county in this kingdom, except London and Middlesex, by virtue of any writ or process issuing out of any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, shall surrender or be surrendered, in discharge of bail, before the said prisons respectively shall be repaired, or other prison or prisons substituted in lieu thereof, and such notification given in the London Gazette as aforesaid, every such person shall surrender him or herself, or be surrendered into the custody of the sheriff of the county in which such person was arrested, in the gaol or prison of such county, who shall thereupon confine such defendant or defendants, subject to all such regulations and provisions as county gaols are by law subject to; which surrender shall, to all intents and purposes, be as effectual and available in the law as a surrender and commitment to the marshal or warden of the Fleet would have been before the destruction of the said prisons of the King's Bench and the Fleet; and every such prisoner, so surrendering or surrendered as aforesaid, shall be, and shall be deemed to be ipso facto on such surrender, without any commitment by any judge, a prisoner in the custody of such sheriff, in like manner, and to every intent and purpose, as if such prisoner never had been bailed.

[Under sheriffs and gaolers to make entries of all surrenders, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the under sheriff, and also the gaoler of every prison, into whose custody such debtors shall surrender, or be surrendered, as aforesaid, shall make entries of all such surrenders in a book to be kept by them respectively for that purpose; which book shall be open to the inspection of all persons requiring to examine the same; and if any under sheriff or gaoler shall make default therein, he shall be adjudged guilty of a contempt of the court out of which the process issued upon which such debtor or debtors was or were arrested; and shall and may be punished as in other cases of contempts of court.

[Under sheriffs to certify true copies of such surrenders to the court of King's Bench, &c.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the under sheriff of every county for the time being, from time to time, shall certify unto the master of the court of king's bench, and unto the prothonotaries of the court of common pleas, and unto the remembrancer of the court of exchequer, on the last day of every term, true copies of all such surrenders which shall have been made in the county for which he shall be under sheriff; which respective officers shall file the same of record in the said courts respectively.

CAP. II

An act for further continuing an act made in the fervent eer.tb year of the reign of his prtfent Mojefy, entitled An act to empower his ajijcfty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime, of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations m America, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy. — - Continued till the ftfi ef January, \781.

CAP. III

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be reaped in Great Britain, for the service of the year one tkoufandfi ven hundred and eighty one. — At four billings in the pound.

Commission VI AND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ergot the land That, for the better assessing, ordering, levying, and

vcarii77t collecting, of the several sums of money so as aforesaid limited j776, and and appointed to be raised and paid, in the aforesaid part of Great

177s, are to Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and for put this act the more effeftua) putting of this act in execution m reference in execution tq the same ajj arkj every the person and persons who in and by an act of parliament, made and passed in the fifteenth year of his majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for appointing commifp* oners for putting in execution an act of this Jeffton of parliament, in tituled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five); and by one other act*of parliament, made and passed in the sixteenth year of his majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for reftifying mijlakes in the names of several of the' commissioners appointed by an act, made in the lap Jeffton of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same fef jton, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this Jeffton of parliament for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, ^/* the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix); and by one other act of parliament, made and passed in the eighteenth year of his majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for appointing commissioners to put in execution an act of this Jeffton of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fen vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, together with those named in two former acts for appointing com , tniffioners of the land tax); or by any or either of those acts* were named and appointed commissioners for putting in execution the same acts within the several counties cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, of England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to this act in that behalf, shall be commissioners for putting in execution, and shall put in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same counties cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places re

unless new spectively; unless before the day herein after appointed for the commissioners first meeting of the commissioners for putting this act in exe ted cutioo, some act or acts of parliament rtiall be made and passed Jbrcthefirst fr naming and appointing special commissioners for putting in meeting. execution this present act i in which case no person or persons shall be empowered, by virtue of any nomination or appoint''by any former a, or by this act of parliament, to ad as a commwfioner for putting this present act in execution;

XV And whereat many difficulties and inconveniences have arifeti, and jliu frequently happen to the commissioners of the land tax for the time beings upon the death or removal of their respective clerks, into whofi custody the duplicates of the several books of assessments, minute jocksy and other books and papers relating to the bujtnefs of the land tax in their respective divjfions, have been delivered, such clerks fa removed or the executors and administrators, or other legal representatives, of such clerk so dying, frequently refuftng to deliver over such duplicates, books, and papers, to the said commissioners for the time being, or to their order or appointment, under a pretence that the said commissioners have no property in the same, and are without remedy for the recovery thereof \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the duplicates of the fe Property of veral books of affeflinents, which have been or shall be made publick books and delivered, by the respective assessors of the land tax, to the commissioners of the land tax, in any division or place, or to their respective clerks for the time being, and which arc or shall. be in the custody, keeping, or possession of such commissioners nr clerks respectively, and all minute books, and other public books and papers relating to the land tax, in the custody, keeping, or possession of any such clerk or clerks, who hath or haye been, or shall be removed from such office or offices, or in the custody, keeping, or possession of the executors, administrators, or other legal representatives, of any person or persons who hath or have djed or shall die during his or their holding such office or offices, or after his or their removal from the same, or in the custody, keeping, or possession of his or their respective agent or attorney? or of any other person or personswhom vefodin com fbever, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be the miffibnersj property of the commissioners of the land tax ailing in such re fpe&ive division or place, for the time being, and in iuccesoon, as records of and belqnging to them the said commissioners, for and the said their use and infpeilion; and shall be placed and deposited with, books, C to and remain in the custody, keeping, and possession of them the said commissioners, or their respective clerks for the time be |£eir custody. ing, or of such other personas the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, for the time being, shall, from time to time, at their meetings, order, direct, or appoint.

XXI And whereas the inhabitants of many pqrijhes or places have frequently suffered by the frauds and insolvency of their collectors, by being subjefled to re^affejfments for moneys embezzled by them; be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That collectors to such persons as shall be nominated as before direlied to be security colleltors, shall, if required foto do, give good and sufficient ovthe^eto security to any three or more of the commissioners appointed be collected for carrying this all into execution, equal to the amount of the by them, whole rate to be collected in each diftrill, for their duly paying to the receiver-general such moneys, assessed as aforesaid, as

O shall

41

4i8$

Hospital at East stone house to be assessed also within the town of Plymouth.

sol to be paid out of the sum afiefied on the said officers, *in aid of the mfiefiinent on'East stone house

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 4. [1781.

shall come to their hands; which security the said commiflxon ers, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to take; andon failure of the persons so named to be collectors, as before directed, giving such security, if required, the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall bo at liberty, and are hereby authorised to appoint any other two or more sufficient persons, who can give such security as aforesaid, redding within the limits and bounds of the parishes, rownlhips, constablewicks, and places, where they shall be chargeable, to be collectors of the moneys to be raised by this act Provided always. That if no persons can be found within the several parishes, townships, constablewicks, or places re fpectively, who are willing or able to give such security, then, and in such case, the persons who were first named by the commissioners as before directed, shall be collectors of the moneys assessed and charged under this act.

LXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That rthe officers of his majesty's hospital for lick and hurt seamen in the parish of East Stonehouse, near Plymouth, shall be afiefied upon this act for their salaries, and other profits of their places, within the town and borough of Plymouth, where the salaries of the said officers, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, were afiefied, and not dfewhere; so as the full proportion which was afiefied upon the said town and borough of Plymouth, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, be again afiefied thereon by virtue of this ast; and b as the said parish of East Stonehouse be not charged with a greater proportion in respect of the said salaries and profits than they were in the said year; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXI Provided always. That out of the sum to be afiefied on the officers of the said hospital for sick and hurt seamen, there shall be paid to the collectors of the land tax for the parish of East Stonehouse, the sum of twenty pounds; to be applied in aid of the afleflinent to be laid upon the said parish by virtue of this act

CAP. IV

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, Cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thounnd seven hundred and eighty.one.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 5* 187

CAP. V

An act for extending the pravifiom of three acts, made in the eighteenth^nineteenth, and twentieth years of his present majesty9s reign, with rejpefl to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to prizes taken pom the fates general of the United Provinces for declaring what goods Shall be deemed military or ship (lores; for regulating the sale of and after taining the duties upon east-india goods condemned as prize in the port of London \ for per mi ting the pur chasers of prize goods condemned abroad to import such goods into this kingdom, under the like regulations and advantages as are granted by law to captors themselves; and for reducing the duties on foreign prize tobacco.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by order in council, dated the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and Recital of hi eightyy was pleased to order, that general reprifafs be granted against Majesty's or tbeships, goods, and subjects, of thefates general of the United Pro der jfreoun vinccs; Jo that as well as his Majeffs fleet and ships, and also all C ec, 0# aether ships and vessels that shall be commissionated by Utters of mark 17 or general reprisals, or other wise, by his Majesty9 s commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, and may lawfully Jeize all Jlips, vessels, and goods, belonging to the fates general of the United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the aforesaid fates general, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of Admiralty within his Majesty s dominions: and whereas it is expedient that such of the fevercl provisions of three acts of parliament, which are now in force; the one made in. the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the relief of the captors of prizes. Act 18 Geo. with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in C 15. this kingdom 5 one other act, made in the nineteenth year of his ma jeflfs reign, intituled, An act for granting relief to the captor? 19geo.3 c.51 of prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom 5 and the other made in the laf session of parliament, intituled, An act for extending the provisions of two and*0geo.t acts, made in the eighteenth year of his present majesty's reign, recited, C 9.*and in the last session of parliament, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods; and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned act as relates to the certificates for prize tea and east-india goods exported from this kingdom to Ireland j for removal of East India goods, condemned as prize at any out port, to London for sale, and of prize goods for exportation; and for reducing the duty on foreign prize tobacco \ Should be extended in like manner to all prize .goods which have been or may be taken from the fates general of the .United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the said fates general, in pursuance of his ma jeftfs said order in council, Jubjefl nevertheless to such alterations and regulations as herein after prescribed; may it therefore please your

o Majesty

is

Such parts of the recited alts as are now in force extended to Dutch prizes taken (ince Dec. io 1780.

What articles shall be deemed military and ship stores.

Regulations relative to the sale of, and payment of the duties on east-india goods condemned as prize in the port of London.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 5. £1781.

Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemwed, and by the authority of the same. That so much of the fa id recited acts, made in the eighteenth and nineteenth years of his majesty's reign, and in the Jaft session of parliament, and all the articles, clauses, and provisions therein which are now in force, (except where any alteration is made by this act), shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all prize goods and ships or vessels which have been taken from the states general of the Unittd Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the said states genera], (ince the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and.eighty, or which hereafter may be taken during the continuance of the present hostilities with the said states general, by any of his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any private or other fbip or vessel having commission or other authority from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the oommissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, for that piirpgfe.

II And whereas, by the herein before recited off, made in the eighteenth year of his majeflfs reign, it is, among ft other things, provided, That no duties or eujlms whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any prize goods eonftfling of any military or slip flares: and whereas doubts have arisen what articles are and ought to be deemed military and slip (lores; for remedy whereof it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several articles hereinafter enumerated, and no other, shall be deemed and taken to be military ami ship stores within the intent and meaning of the said recited act; (that is to say), fails, cordage, anchors and cables, marts, yards, bowfprks, blocks, guns, gunpowder, (hot, match, gun carriages, cartridges, and other materials thereto belonging; and all timber and iron converted into and made fit for hip building, or for any of the uses and purposes aforesaid; beef, pork, and butter, felted, biscuit, (mail beer, peas, and oatmeal, Tailors clothes, hammocks, bedding, m.d.. other apparatus and instruments of the surgeons $ custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all goods, of the growth, product, cr manufacture of the East Indies, which have been taken as prize during the present hostilities, and brought by the captors into the port of London, and which now remain there unfold, and all such East India goods as shall be brought into, and condemned as prize m the port of London, after the passing of this act, shall be publicly exposed to falc in the city of London, by the captors or their agents; and the duties due and payable thereon shall be computed and paid by the same rules, regulations, and reftridttons, in allrespects, as are prescribed by the before recited adtvof the list ftflson of parliament for the like goods carried into any outport

1781, ] Anno vicesimo primo georgji III C 5. 189

port in this kingdom and there condemned, and afterwards brought to the port of London for fate j any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And whereas it frequently happens that prizes are taken and tarried into ports in foreign partsy and condemned in some court of admiralty within his Majesty's dominions out of this kingdom, and the captors may be under nccejftty of difpoftng of the same there; now to encourage the bringing such prizes into this kingdom after condemnation

and fak9 be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Purchasers of That the purchasers of such prizes of the captors shall, upon prize goods importation thereof into this kingdom, have and be entitled to the same liberty of warehoufing such goods, and such goods import them shall in all other respects be subject and liable to the same du into this king ties, regulations, and restrictions, as they would be subject and dom in the liable to by law if the same had been imported by the captors, without being sold abroad, subject nevertheless to the proviso themfches* herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Provided the the authority aforesaid. That no prize goods so imported matter deliver into this kingdom, after having been sold abroad as aforesaid,

shall be entitled to any of the benefits or advantages intended J, fficcr at by this act, unless the mafier, or person having the charge or port of ira command of the ship or vessel importing the same, shall, at portation, q. the time he makes his report at the customhouse, deliver to the collector, or other proper officer of the customs at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand and seal of the collator and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs at the port or place where such goods shall be laden on board his vessel; or under the hand and seal of the governor or lieutenant governor, if there shall not be any such officer of the customs there; or under the hand and seal of the British consul, in case there shall not be any governor or lieutenant governor at such port or place, certifying that such goods have been bona fie taken and condemned as prize in one of his majesty's .courts of admiralty, or vice admiralty, naming the place where, and the time when, such goods were so condemned, and the name of the ship or vessel or ships or vessels by which they were captured; which certificate shall also deferibe the species of such goods, with the marks and numbers of the packages containing the same; and the master, or person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall also at the same time make oath, before such collector or other proper officer of the customs at the port of importation, (which oath such collector and other proper officer is and are hereby respectively authorised andim powered to administer)) the goods so imported in fudi ship or vessel are the same goods which are mentioned in such certificate, and no other; and on failure of any of the particulars herein required, such goods shall be subjetft and liable to the mc duties, restrictions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures,

as

igo

Foreign prize tobacco exported before the passing of the recited act t>f last ieflion, may be re imported on payment of the same duties, cas tobacco taken since the passing of that act $

provided the importer prove the identity thereof.

Preamble. Jtecitalof 19 Geo. 3, C 76,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 6, 7. [ijsii

as they would be subject and liable to, if this act had riot been made.

VI And whereas several parcels of tobacco of the growth or product of foreign plantations in America, which have been taken and condemned as prize in this kingdom fence the present hojlilities with France and Spain, were exported into foreign parts before that pajfeng of the herein before recited act of the last feffeon of parliament, part of which tobacco has been returned for want of a market abroad, and is now remaining on board Ships in this kingdom, and other port isjlill remaining abroad in foreign parts, and cannot be sold there: and whereas it is reasonable, for the encouragement of the captors, to permit fetch tobacco to be re imported into this kingdom, and admitted to an entry here, upon payment of the same duties as tobacco of the growth, product, or manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the passing of this act, such tobacco which has been, or may be re imported into this kingdom, shall be liable to pay the same duties, and shall be subject, in all other respects, to the same securities, rules, regulations, and restrictions, as such tobacco is and would have been liable to by the before recited act made in the last session of parliament, in case the same had been taken and condemned since the passing of that act.

VII Provided always. That the person importing or returning such tobacco into this kingdom, shall, at the time of entering such tobacco, prove, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, that such tobacco so returned is the identical tobacco that was condemned in this kingdom and exported from hence; referring to the time of such condemnation, and the time of exportation, with the name of the ship and master in Which it was so exported.

CAP. VI

An act for further continuing an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk in any ships or vessels, tor a limited time. Continued till the twenty-fifth of Match, 178s. f

CAP. VII

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for augmenting the militia.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for augmenting the militia, it is enacted, that volunteer companies may be raised and added to any regiment or battalion of militia, in the manner therein directed; and many such companies have already been raised and added, in pvrfuance of the said act; but it is not expedient that any more such companies Should be raised at present; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 8 — io X

mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That no more such volunteer companies shall No more vo be raised or added to any regiment or battalion of militia for lunteercom any county or riding, under and by virtue of the said act, until *° his Majesty shall.be pleased to authorise the same by proclamati^of the Sid on or order in council; and that from and after the issuing of aft, until aq such proclamation, the said recited act shall be in full force and thorifed by effect during the present hostilities; anything herein contained reclamation, to the contrary notwithstanding

II Provided, That nothing, herein contained shall extend. Not to aflfeft or be construed to extend, to affect any such volunteer coppa companies al nies as have been already raised and added to any regiment or rcacjy raised." battalion of militia by virtue of the said act; but that, with re fipeft to such last mentioned volunteer companies, the said act (pall remain in full force and effect.

CAP. VIII

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. IX

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. X

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of certain mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and Essex, pur chased in pursuance of two several acts of parliament, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for securing his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Sheerness and Chatham j and for better defending the passage of the river Thames at Grave send and Tilbury Fort.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to vest cer* Recital of 10 tain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, Gco* for the better securing his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Plymouth and Sbcernejs; and for better defending the pallage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; certain mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vejled in the right honourable sir Fletcher Norton knight, and other perfims therein mentioned, and their heirs \ in trufi nevertheless for such person and persons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclefiajiical or civil, as at or immediately before the time of making the said act, were the feve'ral and respective owners and proprietors thereof, according to their several estates and interefis therein at the same time, in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, until such estates and interests Should be respectively adjudged and determined, or possession thereof taken by the principal officers of his Alajejly's ordnance, or engineers Or other officers acting under their authority? (which they were thereby intf>o\vered to do whenever it should be found necessary for bis Ma' sservice), and the several sum or (urns of money, and interejft for

Anno vicesimo primo Georg n III C io. [1781.

the same after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the gross Jum that Should be assessei for the true and real value there of in manner and form tperein mentioned, Should be paid: and it was by the said act also enabled, Thaty immediately after payment Should be made, of the sum and sums of money to be afeertainei, in manner therein mentioned, as the value of the rights and mterefts of alt persons possessed of or interejled in, fuel mejfuages, lands, tent ments, or hereditaments, unto the owners or proprietors thereof rt fteftively, the said trufteti Should be deemed and adjudged to fiani seized of the premises so paid for, to and for the use of his Majesty, and his heirs and successors, for ever, freed and dise barged.of and from all right, title, claim, and demand whatsoever, that could or might be made by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate. Hit Mijesty, ecclefiajlical or civil: and whereas his Majesty, by virtue of the aid by virtue of act of parliament, issued his commission, by letters patent, under the the said act, great sea of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster, the tsuperson^*twin day of August now last pa ft, autborifing and impow

commission ering certain persons therein named, or any five or more of them, to ers; do, perform, and execute, all powers, directions, authorities, matters

and things, in the said act contained, which by the said act such com mijfioners are authorised and required io do, perform, ana execute: and whereas, by virtue of.tfoe said commission, and in pursuance of the said act of parliament, five or more of the commissioners in the said commission named, on the thirteenth day of November last, did meet, mho on Nov. Pursuant to notice thereof in writing duly given and fixed up, and 13. met in the Qjj° publijhei in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before townhall of such meeting, in such mauntr as in and by the said act of parliament Rochester. was directed, at the townhall in the city of Rochester; and did then and there adjourn to the fourth day of December now last; on which day, and ajterwards from day today, until the eighth day of Their pro Me said month of December, they proceeded, by and upon the infpec ccedingsthere, lion and examination of deeds, writings, and records, and other w\ft, to inquire and ascertain who were the owners and proprietors of the meffaages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in the said act, andfituate at Sheerness and Gravesend aforesaid, and the par titular ejlate and intereji of each of such ptrfons therein; and such ctmmiffmers at the same time proceeded, by and upm the inquejl of twelve or more good and lawful men, qualified to serve upon juries at the affixes for the said county of Kent, impannelied, funearned, and returned, by Robert Burrow esquire, fberiff of the feud county, to take the inquefi, (and before which jurors witnesses ivert examined), to inquire and ascertain the true and real value of the mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said act mentioned to be situate at Sheerness and at Gravesend, and of rvery pari and parcel thereof, and the true and real value of the particular aflalt and interest of each person inti tied unto or interejled in the same respectively5 and five or more oj the said commissioners did afterwards meet pitrfuani io adjournment, and did make their determination and decree ypurfuent to the said recited act, with regard to the said mef fudges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate at Sheerness and Gravefeftl \ and thereby they determined and decreed, that the true

end

II Anna vicefitna primo Georgii ilj. a io *93

Mi rw/ value of the said mejjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, at Sheernefe and Gravesend, including same fmdtt sums for the value of forrii feed own, and fomt gardening flock growing oh fenh fitiau parts of such lands at Gravesend, ts thirteen thousand four hundred and fifty-two pounds, and seventeen jbillinp: and commifkon wbtrtas jive or more of the commissioners, named in the faiacommif crs*on

fa ih* of sat ** \ roixd*

seventh day of the [aid month of November la ft, meet at the White Hart inn in the town of Romford, in the county of Essex, turfuant to notice thereof in writing given and fixed up, and also published in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before such meeting, in such manner as dire fled by the said recited act of parliament; and such com Their pro. mifficners did then and there, in suchlike manner as aforesaid, enauire woe were the owners and proprietors of the lands, tenements, and here 1 filaments, mentioned in the said act, situate near Tilbury Fort, in the feui county, and the particular efidte and interest of each of such persons tier tin; and such commissioners at the same time proceeded, by and upon the inqtuft of twelve or more good and lawful mtn9 qualified to serve upon juries at the affixes for the county of Essex, impannelied, summon td, and returned, by Henry Hinde Felly esquire, sheriff of the said county, to take the inquest, and before which jury witnesses were ex mined, to inquire and ascertain the true and real value of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said act mentioned to be situate near Tilbury Fort, and the true and real value of the particular estate and interest of each person entitled unto or inter efted in the same refpefliveiy 5 and it thereupon appearings that two persons, as tenants of other lands adjoiningr would fufiain damage by the taking of the lands, mentioned in the said reetted act of parliament to he situate near tilburyfdrt, for the purposes of the said act of parliament, the said commissioners then and inert aifo proceeded, by the inquefl of tie said jurors, on examination bf witnesses before them, to inquire and ascertain what damage such tenants of adjoining lands would fief tain thereby; and five or more of the said commissioners did afterwards meet, pursuant to adjournment, and did make their determination and decrees pursuant to the said recited act, with regard to the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate near Tilbury Fort; and thy thereby determined and decreed, that the true and real value of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the feud act mentioned to be situate near Tilbury Fort, including the value or amount of the damage sustained by two tenants of adjoining lands as aforesaid, is one hundred and forty-eight pounds, and eighteen ]billings and thy thereby certified, that such lands and tenements were first made use of for the purposes in the said act mentioned at Midsummer, one thou and even hundred and seventy eight: and whereas, by another act ef par ament, also passed in the twentieth year of his present Majeftj, intituled, An a to veil certain messuages, lands, tenements, and liertchtamems, ih trustees, for the better securing his majesty's dock, ships, and (lores, at Chatham; certain other messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned, were vefttd in the findfir Fletcher Norton, tindseveral other persons therein mention ii and tbiir heirs upon the file trufis as are heriin before mention

194

Other commissioners appointed on Aug. »6$

who met in the town ball of Roche f tcr.

Their proceedings there.

The /cveral sums decreed by the com miftioners to be paid a mount to 34>*7*b7S.6d. belidcs inte reit.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 10. [1781;

id: and whereas one other commxffion, under the great seal of Great Britain, was, in pursuance of such last recited at of parliament, if sued, bearing date the aforesaid twentyfixth day of August la ft, authoring and impowertng certain persons therein named, or any jive or more of them, to put the said left mentioned act in execution, and giving to them, 'or any five or more of them, power to do, perform, and execute, all powers, directions, authorities, matters, and things, iff the said last recited act contained, which by the said act such commissioners were authorised and required to do, perform, and execute: and whereas, by virtue of the said lafi mentioned commission, and in pursuance of the said hft mentioned act of parliament, five or more of the commissioners named in such lafi mentioned commission did, on toe aforesaid thirteenth day of November, meet at the townhall of the city of Rochester, pursuant to notice thereof in writing, duly given and fixed up, and aljo published in the London Gazette, twenty days and more before such meeting, in such manner as was in and by the said lafi recited act of parliament dire stead, and did then and there adjourn to the fourth day of December now lafi pafi 5 on which day, and afterwards from day today, until the eighth day of the said month of December, they proceeded, by and upon the inspection and examination of deeds, writings, and records, and otherwise, to inquire and ascertain who were the owners and proprietors of the mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in the said act, and situate in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, in the said county of Kent, and the particular estate and interefi of each of such persons therein respectively; and such commijfmers at the same time Proceeded, by and upon the inquefi of twelve or more good and lawful men, qualified to serve upon juries at the assizes for the county of; Kent, impanneued, summoned, and returned, by the aforesaidjheriff of that county, to take the inquefi, (and before which jurors witnejjes were examined), to inquire into and ascertain the true and real value of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said act mentioned, and of every part thereof; and the true and real value of the particular estate and interefi of each person entitled unto or interested in the same respectively: and whereas five or more of the said lafi mentioned commissioners did afterwords meet pursuant to adjournment, and did make their determination and decree pursuant to tie said lafi recited act \ and thereby they determined and decreed, that the true and real value of the said mejfuages, jands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate in the fold parishes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, including the value of Jome seeds sown, and gardening flock on some particulars of such lands, is twenty thousand six hundred and seventy one pounds, twelve Billings, andsixpence: and whereas att the sums so offcjfed and adjudged and decreed by the said commissioners to be paid as aforesaid, amount together to the Jum of thirty-four thousand two hundred and seventy three pounds, seven Billings, and sixpence, exclusive of the interest by each of the said recited acts of parliament directed to be paid *, but no provision hath yet been made for payment of the said money, or any part thereof: now, for malting compensation to the several owners and proprietors of such feyefal mejfuages^ lands, tenementj* and hereditaments, other than those in the

1781.] Annos vicesimo primo Georgii III c.iou 19^

counties of Devon and Cornwall, and to the persons who have or will fujlain damage, as mentioned in the aid determinations or decrees; and for the more effectual carrying the said several recited acts of parliament into execution with refpeti to all the mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned other than and except thofefituate in the said counties of Cornwall and Devon, near Plymouth 5 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That out of all or any the The said sum aids or fuppiies granted or to be granted to his Majesty for the to e 0111 service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, piies^ranted there shall and may be issued and applied the aforesaid sum of for ifgi. thirty-four thousand two hundred and seventy three pounds, seven Shillings, and sixpence, with interest as herein after is mentioned, for the purpose of making reasonable and just compensation and satisfaction to all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, eccleflaftical and civil, who, at the time of making the said respective determinations or decrees, were the several and respective owners and proprietors of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said several recited alts mentioned, and not situate in the said counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to their several and respective estates and interests therein, in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, as ascertained as aforesaid; to the persons who have sustained or will sustain damage by taking such lands for the purposes of such respective acts, as mentioned in the said several and respective determinations or decrees.

II And to the intent that all and Angular the proprietors a sarveyor ge. foresaid may be paid for such their respective estates and inter neral of the efts, and that the persons so sustaining damage may be paid for ordnance to such damage all and every such sum and sums of money as they behave

been adjudged and determined, by the said commissioners, [vc persons*be respectively intirled unto, together with interest for the for the sums same, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from adjudged to the respective times following; that is to say, with respect to the said lands in the county of ejjex, from midsummer iay, in the {h/feme. year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighr, (when the same appear, by the judgement and decree of the said commissioners, to have been first made use of for the purposes in the said a A mentioned); and with respect to the other messuages and lands, from such time as possession thereof shall be taken by the principal officers of his majesty's ordnance, or the engineers by their direction, to such time as herein after mentioned; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the surveyor general of the'ordnance for the time being, and he is hereby required to make out and allow one or more bill or bills, to the respective persons, bodies politic or corporate, eccleflaftical or civil, for fach sum and sums of money 1 at is or are to them respectively adjudged by the said several and

Voi*. XXXIII P respective,

expressed in the said bills.

by the clerk of the ordnance, and paid by the treasurer.

196 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C io [1781.

Particulars) refpetslive determinations or decrees of the said commissioners,

, j together with interest for the same, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from such respective times as aforesaid, to the sixteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; which bill or bills so made shall express the refpetft* ive lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other interest or damage for which such bill or bills shall be made out, together with the name of the person or persons, body politic on corporate, ecclesiastical or civil; and the respective sum and sums of money he, she, or they, is or are to receive; and thereupon Debentures to one or more debenture or debentures shall be prepared, for such be prepared several and respective sums as aforesaid, by the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, and signed by three or more of the principal officers of the ordnance for the time being; which debenture or debentures is and are hereby required to be paid by the treasurer of the ordnance for the time being, who shall take acquittances from the parties endorsed thereon: and, in order to obviate any doubt as to any person or persons, body politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, who shall be entitled unto or interested in any such money, having notice that such money hall be ready to be paid, the principal officers of his majesty's ordnance shall cause notice thereof to be publi(hed in the London Gazette.

III And be it further erased by the authority aforesaid, That the sums which shall, in and by such debentures, be pay

fng*to the de able to persons to whom it is, by the said recited decrees of the crees of the commissioners, determined or decreed that the money thereby determined to belong to them (hold be absolutely paid to them, shall be paid to such persons accordingly.

IV And whereas, by the said decree or determination of the com mijfioners, with regard to the said mejjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the pariftjes of Saint Margaret and Chatham, it was and is decreed, That certain sums of money should be paid to the three following corporations; (that is to say), the mayor and citizens

fhcy au' f tie city of Rochester, the dean and chapter of the cathedral cfcive the same. c^urc^ f Christ and Blessed Virgin Mary of Rochester, and the

* brethren of Saint bartholomew's Hospital, in or near the said city of Rochester, as a compensation for their refpeqive estates and interejis in such particulars of the said mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the Jaidparishes of Saint Margaret and

Chatham, as are for such purpose mentioned in such decree 5 be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the sums which shall, by the debentures to be made out as aforesaid, be payable to the said several corporations respectively, shall be paid to such person or persons as shall be, by such several and respective corporations, by writing under their common seals, authorised or empowered to receive the same, whose receipt shall be a fuf

direction* for ficient discharge for the same: and that it shall and may be law tic laidcorpo fuj to an(j for each of the said three several corporations, as Toon dto ofal of the 38 convenient, y may be after they shall have respectively receiv mcney d such refpedliye sums of money, to lay out such parts thereof cieedto thenu .as

The several sums to be paid accord

corn mission ers.

The sums decreed to certain corporations shall be paid to such persons as

178 i.j Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 10. 197

as shall be paid for principal money, or any part of such principal money, either together or in pareels, in the purchase of mef iiiages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in fee fim plf, to be conveyed to, or to and for the use of, the said respective corporations and their respective successors, for such estate and estates, and to and for, and upon and subject to such uses, trusts, limitations, and purposes, as the lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, for or in respect whereof such money shall be paid as aforesaid, were veiled in such respective corporations immediately before the passing of the said lad recited at of parliament; and to accept conveyances of the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, foto be purchased, and from time to time to hold and enjoy the same according to such conveyances, without any licence or authority other than and besides this present act; any statute of mortmain, or other law to the contrary notwithstanding: and in the mean time, and until such purchase or purchases shall be made, to lay out such principal money at intered in some of the government securities; the intered arising from such securities shall be paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits or such meftuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, foto be purchased, in case the same wfere purchased and settled as aforesaid.

V And whereas it was and is, in and by the said several de Allmoney decrees of the commissioners, determined and decreed, that several sums of money therein for such purpose mentioned, as being the ft ftai7be the value of several particulars therein mentioned of the said paid to the meiluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, or of the deputy king's estates and interests of particular persons therein, (hold, on reraernbran account of the particular estates dr interests of such persons of exin such messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, chequer § be paid to some proper person or persons, on certain trusts, and for certain purposes therein mentioned; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all the money to be, by such debentures as aforesaid, made payable for or in respect of all and every the sum and sums of money which are by the said decrees, or either of them, decreed or determined to be paid to any trustee or trustees, shall be paid, by the treasurer of the'ordnance for the time being, into the hands of the deputy king's remembrancer of his Majesty's court of exchequer at ivejimin flar for the time being, for the uses, intents, and purposes here in after mentioned \ and such deputy remembrancer is hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to receive the same, and to give a fufficientand effectual discharge for the same; and the who said deputy remembrancer shall, upon the receipt of each of the tole barons several sums foto be paid in for the use and benefit of each of Of^cxche the said owners and proprietors respectively, signa certificate to quer acknovr the barons of the said court of exchequer, under his hand, pur Edging the porting and signifying that every such sum was received by and t lcrc" paid to him, in pursuance of this at, for the use and benefit of9such owner or proprietor respectively, and who in such certificate

Deputy remembrancer to pay such

IV Anrto vicesimo primo georgiitii. C io. [1781.'

shall be named and described; and which certificate shall be filed in the said court of exchequer, and a true copy thereof, iigned by the said deputy of the king's remembraneer, shall and may be read and allowed as evidence for the purposes hereinafter mentioned.

VI And be it further enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said deputy remembrancer for the time be money receiving, upon receipt of any such sum or sums of money hereby di

uutlreeled and appointed to be paid to him as aforesaid, shall pay to the bank.. r. rr, , C nr; *r J

the same into the bank of England.

exchequer Vo6 VII And be it further enacted, That the barons of his make such majesty's court of exchequer at tvcjlminjlcr of the degree of the orders as they coif for the time being, or any two or more of them, shall be, shall think ancj are herefc>y authorised and impovvered, in a summary way, paymentc&cf upon motion or by petition, for and on the behalf of any per of the money son or persons inierefted in, or entitled to, the benefit of the so received by money foto be paid to, and received by, the said deputy re the deputy re mcmbraneer, or the interest or produce thereof; and upon read membrancer. jng the ccrtificate directed to be signed by the said deputy remembrancer concerning the same, as aforesaid, and receiving such further satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such orders and directions as they shall think just and reasonable, for paying the said money, and every or any part or parts thereof; or for placing out such part thereof as shall be principal in the public funds, or upon government or tfeal securities, and for calling in, disposing of, and placing out, the same again, in or upon such new or other funds or securities as aforesaid, and for payment of the dividends, interest, or produce thereof, to the several and respective persons entitled to receive the same; or for laying out the said principal sums, or any part thereof, in the purchase of other messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for, nd upon the same uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, as the former estates were settled at the time of making the said respective decrees, or as near as the same can be done; or for and concerning the receiving, issuing, paying, applying, and disposing of the said money, for the benefit of the person and persons entitled to, or interested in, the same respectively, by virtue of and according to the tenor and purport of the said recited acts, and this present act; and for appointing a proper person or persons to be trustee or trustees for all or any of such purposes; and that such money shall be from time to time paid, by the said deputy remembraneer, according to the orders to be The rest or of rom t*me to time mae i an rector of the pariftt of Mil milton, and tonne next Gravesend, and the vicar of the parish of Saint marga the vicar of ret next Chatham, and the perpetual curate of the parish of Saint Marga Chatham, and their successors for the time being, and the objedte have the year 0^ or managers for, the charitable institution, in one of the ly income of said decrees or determinations described by the name of Chatham the money de Chejl> for the time being, shall from time to time, for ever, have, creed to them receive, and be entitled to, the yearly income of the money in respectively.*ini

1781.] Anno vicesimoprimo Georgii III C 10.

*99

and by the said decrees or determinarions respectively decreed or determined to be the value of the tithes, lands, and hereditaments, belonging to them respectively, and the yearly income of the mefliiages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which shall be purchased with such money respectively, in like manner as they could or might have received or bcenintitled unto the tithes, lands, and hereditaments, in satisfaction for which such respective sums of money are decreed or determined to be paid, without any licence or authority other than and besides this present a; any statute of mortmain, or other law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII And whereas the said commissioners, in and by their afore Preamble, re said decree with respect to the said messuages, lands, tenements, and commissionert hereditaments, fetuate at or near gravefer.d, certified, that it appear were doubtful ed to be doubtful to them, on the construction of an indenture dated the whether a cer twenty sixth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five,

therein mentioned and Jet forth, whether Elizabeth Gordon, there jon edtoeu! in named, was entitled unto the piece of land and wharf and bridge, zabethgor tbertin for that purpose mentioned, for her life, unaffefled by such don during indenture; or whether William Offley, Thomas Pattinfon, her life.

Thomas Lloyd, therein named, are not entitled thereto during her life, on the trusts declared by such indenture; and therefore the said commissioners decreed, that the sum of two hundred and forty-three pounds, six Billings, and eight pence, determined by them to be the value of the [aid Elizabeth gordon's ejlate for life in such particulars, Should be in some manner preserved and taken care of, until it Should, in some proper manner, be determined whether the same ought to be paid unto the said Elizabeth Gordon, for her own use, or vfbe- there the same ought to be paid unto the said William Offley, Thomas Pattinfon, and Thomas Lloyd, on the trusts declared by the said indenture, dated the twenty sixth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and that the same ought on such determination to be paid agreeable thereto: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such sum of two hundred and for The sum of' ty three pounds, six Shillings, and eight pence, and the interest *4*1.6s. pd. thereof, if any shall be payable thereon, shall and may be also being the va paid, by the treasurer of the ordnance for the time being, into Eitzabcth^the hands of the said deputy remembrancer of the court of ex Gordon e who shall accordingly receive the same, and whose relate for life ceipt shall be a sufficient and effectual discharge for the same, as in f; ; and the said deputy remembrancer shall certify his {^p^to the receipt of such money in manner aforesaid, and such his certifi deputy re cate shall be read as evidence as aforesaid; and the said deputy membraneer, remembrancer shall pay the same into the bank of England, in belike manner as aforesaid.

IX Provided nevertheless. That nothing herein contained The interefu

shall affect the interest either of the said Elizabeth Gordon, or of of the said the said William'offley, Thomas Pattinfon, and Thomas Lloyd, to Elizabeth the said sum of two hundred and forty-three pounds, six shilling?, an

and eight pence, in the said decree mentioned, or the interest, c^imant#

if any, which shall be due in respect thereof; but that the same preserved!

p3'shall

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C io. [1781.

shall, when paid to the said deputy remembrancer as aforesaid, be laid out by him, by the directions of the barons of the exchequer, or any two of them, in like manner as the moneys herein before mentioned are directed to be laid out, until the right of the parties thereto shall be determined; and upon such determination the said deputy remembrancer shall, and he is hereby required 10 transfer, assign, and pay such moneys according to such determination.

Upon the X And be it further enacted and declared, That, upon the

death or re death or removal of the present or any future deputy of the king's oval of the remembrancer of the said court of exchequer, all mortgages, brancyr?^" docks, and securities, verted in him by virtue of this act, shall mortgage, vert in the succeeding deputy of the king's remembrancer for the C verted in time being, subject to the trusts and for the purposes herein be*"{" uthl ft orc menl*once*> without any assignment or transfer; and all fn hi*afucccf mon'es pad nt the larkin pursuance of this act, or remain for, C ing in the hands of the present or any future deputy of the king's remembrancer at the time of his death or removal, and not vetted in the funds, or placed out on securities, as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding deputy remembrancer for the time being.

remcmbrwi8 And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if,

" " c(hliihere on eat or removal of the present or any future deputy of

after execute the king's remembrancer of the said court of exchequer, the his office in king's remembrancer shall execute the said office in person, then ^h^tnlft*1 and anc n ca^e ^evera* tru^s» powers, and authorities, in and powers here" ky this present act verted in the said deputy of the king's remem by verted in braneer, and his successors, shall, during such time as no deputy

the deputy of the king's remembrancer shall be appointed, vert in, and beex

shall vert m ecuted by, the said king's remembrancer of the said court of ex membrancer. ch^uer for the time being..

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Method of That if any person or persons, who by law are capable of receiv

procedure ing such debenture as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to take

where the pro the same before or on the sixteenth day of Jpril^ one thousand fe .sttl|piieg°eft ven hundred and eighty one, then and in such case it shall and to take any may be lawful for the clerk of the ordnance for the time being, debenture till to deposit the same with the clerk of the peace of the county xfter April i6, where the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, 17 therein mentioned, in respect whereof such debenture or debentures

shall be made out, shall lie, and to take his acquittance or acquittances for the same, which such clerk of the peace is hereby required to give without any fee or reward, and which shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and such meflfuages, .lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, of such person or persons respectively so neglecting or refufingto take such debenture or debentures, shall from thenceforth be verted to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as if such debentures, or the money payable thereby had "been received by the parties entitled thereto, and the money thereon due had been fully fatished and paid; and such clerk of the peace shall and may afterwards

1781.]. Anno vicesimo primogeorgh III cio. aot

deliver the same to the party or parties who shall appear to be entitled thereto, on being fully paid all such reaibnable charges and expenses (if any) as he mall or may sustain or be put unto relating thereto.

XIII And whereas, by means of some inaccuracy in the defcripti All mefluagei on in the aid two recited acts of parliament, of the exact quantity, jj|\ds» C abuttals, and other descriptions of the several messuages and parcels of "cc'£ val lends in the counties of Kent and Essex therein mentioned to be in tento be taken dead tb be pwrehafed and taken for the use of his Majejh, some doubt for his majef moy pofjibly arise, whether every particular of the mejfuages, lands, ty, shall, im tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which are described in the said the officers tommifioners decrees, and valued by the said respective juries, are to of the ord

be taken and paid for by his Majesty, appears by the said recited acts nance have

to have been intended to have been comprised in the said acts of parlia pad for the

mint respectively; and also whether there are not some fmallparticu in his

lors in the said counties of Kent and Essex, comprised, or appearing Majesty $

have been intended to be comprised, in the said acts, or one of them, which are not described in the said commissioners decrees, nor have been valued by the said respective juries as to be taken and paid for by his Majesty; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, in order to prevent any inconvenience which may arise by means of any such doubt, That all and every the particulars of the messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which have been, in and by the said recited decrees, or any of them,

or the verdifts therein respectively mentioned, valued as to be

taken and paid for by his Majesty, and all appurtenances thereof,

for the purposes in the said acts, shall, from and immediately

after such time as the value thereof shall be paid by the officers

of the ordnance, as aforesaid, be, and the same are hereby vested

in his Majesty, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccceffors

for ever, unalienable, as mentioned in the said recited acts with

regard to the particulars comprised therein, with respect to the

messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the

said counties of Kent and Essex, notwithstanding anv inaccuracy

in the description thereof in the said recited acts of' parliament,

or either of them; and that all and every the particulars of the an(j ajj thopc

messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the said counties of Kent comprised in

and Essex, or either of them, comprised, in the said recited acts of the recited

parliament, or either of them, which (if anyj are not valued in a(fts» which

or by the said recited verdifts and decrees therein mentioned, or Sun U

one of them, shall, from and immediately after the passing of fr0'm the

this act, and for ever thereafter, be, remain, and continue, vest passing of this

ed in such persons or person, bodies politic or corporate, eccle ah remain

fiaftical or civil, and to, for, upon, under, and subject to, such so^erpropri

uses, trusts, intents, purposes, conditions, and restrictions, as ctor8 thereof.

the same would have been if the said recited acts, or either of them, had not been made; anything herein, or in the said acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further enacted. That if any action or suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons for anything actions.

802 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii 111. C 11. II

done in pursuance of the aforesaid recited acts, or anything to be done in pursuance of this act, every such action and suit mall be commenced within six calendar months next after the cause of such action or suit shall have arisen, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in all such adfions and suits may General issue. plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of the said acts, or one of them, or in pursuance of this acts: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before limited, then, and in either of such cases, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if a verdidfc shall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer adiscontinuance after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon any demurrer, judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants; in each of the cases aforesaid the defendant or defendants shall havetre treble costs. colls, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for recovering costs in other cases by law.

CAP. XI

An qr for the better supply of mariners and seamen to fervt in his Majesty's hips of war, and on board, merchant hips, and other trading/hips and vt/fels.

Preamble. Tj* OR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in Jl his Majejlfs hips of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading hips and vc/fels; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from From the paf an(j after the passing of this act, until the twenty-fifth day of March March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no *5, 1781, mer longer, (except in respect to such merchant ships, and other chant ships, trading ships or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before C may be the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred thm foiir^s anc eishty tw0> wb° be, an(l are hercby allowed the liber foreign fca an benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as men. herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any

merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty's natural or naturalised subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen so employed, be at 211 times natives, or his majesty's naturalised subjects of Grett Britain, (sudden death, and hazard and casualties of war, and the fcas, saved and excepted), one act of parliament, made in

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo ge6r011 III C 12 — 14. 203

the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty Kirtg Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the encouraging and entreating offlipping and navigation, or any other statute or law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall ex xhj, a not tend to take away or retrain the effect of any such royal proto restrain aay damation, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are impow royal procla ered to make by virtue of an act, passed in the thirteenth year majon to be of his late majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better Jupply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majejlfs ships of war and on Geo. 1, board merchant ships and other trading ships and privateers.

CAP. XII

An act to continue the duty of one farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, continued for thirty-one year

A P. XIII

An act for rendering effectual an act, made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. XIV

An act for raising a certain sum by way of annuities, and a lottery; and for confolidatwg certain annuities, which were made one joint flock by an act made in the ftcond year of the reign of his present Majesty, which certain annuities consolidated by several acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Preamble. i, ooo, oool. to be raised by annuities, and 4.80, 000]. by a lottery. Contributors to the sum of 12, 000, 0001. to be entitled to certain annuities; viz. sool. at 3 percent. 501, the like, and *51. at 4i. percent, for each tool, which hall be charged upon the sinking fund. Contributors shall be entitled to one quarter's annuity at 4 percent, from Jan. 5, to Apr, 1781; and from that time shall be paid half yearly. Every contributor of 10001. shall, upon payment of 40i. more, be entitled to four lottery tickets. A recital that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to pay the remainder ot their subscriptions at certain times specified. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for all moneys paid in advance. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their subscriptions, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subscribers to the 11, 000, entitled to annuities of 3i. percent.; for every tool, as aforesaid; and also to an annuity of 4i. percent.; both payable half yearly. Annuities to be payable and transterrable at the bank of England, C Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received; which shall be assignable. Cashier to give security, to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury lmpower ed to apply the money paid in by the cashier, to such services as shall have been voted by the house of commons. A book to be provided in the accountant general office, of the bank in which contributors names hall be entered, cafter contributors shall have paid their subscriptions, they will be entitled to receive the annuities granted by this act; tax

free.

204

Ticket.

"The oath.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 14. [1781.

free. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, forfeited to the

Jmblick. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the ums fnbfcribed hall, be placed to their credit, in the books of the bank. Annuities charged on the sinking fund. Governor, See. of the bank to appoint a chief cashier, and accountant general. Moneys to be ifiiied at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this act. accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed personal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, at the bank wherein shall be entered all transfers of sums advanced on this act. Transfers to be signed by the parties or their attorneys lawfully authorised by writing under hand and leal, attested by two or more witnesses, and to be accepted by underwriting the transfer. Persons possessed of stock may devise the same by will. See. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. The 3 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 3 percent, confols. transferrable at the bank. The 4 percent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the same fund as the 4 percents, granted by the lottery act of last year. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 480, 0001. to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Guardians, having the disposal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, C Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Lottery books to be provided with three columns of tickets as follows.

LOTTERY for the Year 178?.

The hearer of this ticket will be entitled to such beneficial chance as ball belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn in purf^ance of an ab passed in the twenty firstyear of his majejl/s reign.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of moneys paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fastened with thread or silk; and cut oft indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Two of 20, 0001. each, two of 10, 0001. three of 5, 000 L eight of a, oool. sixteen of 1000i. thirty of cool, one hundred of 100i. each, three hundred and sixty of 501. and fifteen thousand five hundred of 20i. each, together with 5001. to each first drawn ticket of the first six days, i, oool. to ditto the (econd six days; 2, 0001. to ditto the 15th and 17th days; 3, 0001. to ditto the 18th ana 20th days; and 10001. to the last drawn. Tickets of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied and put in the box (B). Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 15, 1781. Tickets to be drawn by an indifferent person, See. 16, 021 prizes, 31, 979, blanks; and filed. To continue drawing from day today (Sundays excepted). Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, Sic. felony without benefit of clergy. Managers to prosecute

offenders. Offenders, (not in prison)) persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50i. reward. Proviso, not to cause corruption of blood, loss of dower, or disherison of heirs. Managers to be sworn

1a B. as a manager and difedlor of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty first year of his Majesty's reign, do swear, That 1 willfaithfully execute the trust reposed in me \ and that I will not use any indireb art or means, or permit or direb any person to use any ihdirtd art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, sir nsyself, or any other person whatsoever; and that 1 will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or Jenifer prabice to be done by arty person whatsoever; and that 1 willy to the bejt of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticketb right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the/aid ab

To

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C i4. So

To be administered by any two. managers. cahier may receive the Aims subscribed, before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every iol. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery; and the tickets for such fume to be delivered into the exchequer. Commifiionert of the treasury may reward the managers, cas they shall think fit. Sale of chances, Sec. not to be for less than the whole time of drawing. No person to receive money for any chance or event relating to the drawing of any ticket, either as to the time, or whether fortunate or not, nor to publifii proposals for that purpose. Penalty 5001. office keepers, C selling shares in tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit 5001. and to fulter 3 mouths imprisonment. After April 5, 1781, no person to keep a lottery office without a licence. Each licence for every office tocoft 501. and shall be granted under the hands and seals of two managers. Licence to set forth the name of the person taking out the same and the place. See. and to continue in force for one year. personsjceeping any office contrary to this act, to forfeit 1001. Produce of the duty on licences to be applied to.. defraying the expenses of the lottery. No persons to sell any share of a ticket less than a fixteentb, on penalty of 501. Penalty on persons pro mi Ang to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to this act, 501. No business to be transacted at any lottery office between eight in the evening and eight the next morning; except on the evening of the day preceding the drawing. Two justices may summon offenders against this act, and, on proof of the offence, convict them in penalties, Sec. If penalties fere not immediately paid, they may be levied by diltrefs. On failure of distress, offender to be committed.

Any person forging a licence, shall forfeit 5001. C Commidioners of the treasury to establish an office in London, and to appoint a person to conduct the business thereof; with whom all tickets, before they are divided into shares or chances, shall be deposited. All shares to be damped by the officer, who shall give a receipt for every ticket deposited with him.

All tickets deposited in the office, to remain there three days after drawing. The numbers of all tickets deposited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the number of shares into which they age divided. 2d. for each share to be paid to the officer on depositing tickets in the office; who shall therewith pay all expenses incident to the office. Penalty on selling any share or chance of a ticket without a damp, 501. for each share sold. To be applied one third to the informer. and the remaining two thirds to the poor of the parish where the offence is committed. Penalty on forging or altering receipts, or uttering the same with a fraudulent intention, the same as for forging a licence.

No person shall keep any office for the sale of tickets, Sec. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of 201. Offenders may be prosecuted in the vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by didress, C proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient surety is given to prosecute the same with effect. Sec. This act not to prejudice the privileges and jurisdictions of the mayor, Sec. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland againd Britishi acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punisliable, in the same manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom.

Penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 480, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March 1,

178*, Scc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets tor certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C and signed, by the managers or a majority. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, con penalty of 20!.

. LXIV And whereas by an made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign intituled, An act for railing by annuities, r€c*ltai of an in manner therein mentioned, the sum of twelve millions, aft % Geo. j. to be charged on the sinking fund; and for applying the fur C plus of certain duties on spirituous liquors, and also the moneys

arising

2q6

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 14. [1781.

arising from the duties on spirituous liquors granted by an act of thrs session of parliament; the said sum of twelve millions was dire fled to be added to, and made one, joint flock of transferable annuities at the bank of England, with the sum of eight millions two hundred and forty thousand pounds, in four pounds per centum annuities, granted by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign 33. Geo. *. of his late Majesty King George the Second; and by another act C ** in the said Jecondyear of his present\majesty's reign, were charged

upon the sinking fund, and together made one capital or joint flock of twenty millions two hundred and forty thousand pounds, in annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, and charged on the said fund; which faidjum of twenty millions two hundred and forty thousand pounds, hath been since reduced to the sum of eighteen millions nine hundred eighty six thousand three hundred pounds, by the sum of one million two hundred fifty-three thousand seven hundred pounds having bun subscribed for annuities at three pounds per centum, (with certain advantages allowed the subscribers), ), pursuance of an act made in the tenth year of his preftnt Majesty s reign; and the said remaining unsubscribed sum of eighteen millions nine hundred eighty six thousand three hundred pounds, in pursuance of the several acts of parliament granting the same, jland reduced to three pounds per centum per annum, from the fifth day of January, one thousand ftvln hundred and eighty one: and as it may be for the benefit and advantage of the proprietors of the said annuities so reduced, to have the J'aid annuities added to Jundry other annuities called Reduced Annuities, carrying an inlerefi after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, payable at the bank of England, amounting to eighteen millions three hundred fifty-three thousand seven hundred and seventy three pounds, sixteen Billings, and fourpence, remaining unredeemed of nineteen millions one hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred and twenty-three pounds, sixteen billings, and fourpence, which were confolidatcd and charged upon the sinking fund, in pursuance of several acts of parliament of the twenty-fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty; be it The 4 per therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said sum cent, annui f eighteen millions nine hundred eighty six thousand three ties which hundred pounds, remaining unsubscribed of the aforesaid annu stand reduced ities, granted after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, frorap|anccnt* anc rom fifth day f January, one thousand seven

178* (hail' hundred and eighty one, (land reduced to three pounds per cen with the con turn per annum, shall, with the consent of the proprietors, from lent of the the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one ke added to, and made one capital or joint flock of annui be con solid at - ties, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, with CD with the the aforesaid capital of eighteen millions three hundred fifty-three old 3 percents, thousand seven hundred and seventy three pounds, sixteen fhil reduced, lings, and fourpence, and continue to be charged upon, and payable out of, the said sinking fund, and transferable at the bank of England, at the same time and in the same manner as the said annuities, amounting to eighteen millions three hundred

107

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C V

dred fifty-three thousand seven hundred and seventy three pounds, sixteen Shillings, and fourpence, have been usually paid, payable and transferable there, until redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the said several atfts of parliament aforementioned with respect to the said annuities it directed, and with respect to the redemption of the same; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled by virtue of the said several as of parliament, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint flock of annuities, consolidated by this a, amounting in the whole to the sum of thirty seven millions three hundred forty thousand and seventy three pounds, sixteen Shillings, and fourpence.

Proprietors not declaring their diflent before March 10, 1781, shall be deemed to assent to such consolidation. Persons sued for a&ingin execution of this act, may plead the general issue, and recover treble gpfts.

CAP. XV

An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual manning his Majejlfs navy.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by order in council, dated the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was pleased to order that general reprizals be granted against the Ships, goods, and subjects of the Jlates general of the United Provinces; anchthat as well all his Majejlfs fleets andships, asalfo all other ships and vessels that jhill be commijjtonated by letters of mark or general reprizals, or other wise, by his Majejlfs commis jionersfor executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Shall and may lawfully seize all Ships, vessels, and goods, belonging to the Jlates general of the United Provinces, or their subje5ls, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the fates general of the United Provinces, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majejlfs dominions; now, for the encouragement of the officers and seamen of his Majejlfs Ships of war, and the officers and seamen of all other British Ships and vessels having commissions and letters of mark, and for inducing all British seamen who may be in any foreign service to return into this kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty; and for the more effectual securing and extending the frade of his Majejlfs subjects; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, mariners, and soldiers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, shall have the foie interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they have taken since the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or shall hereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against the dates general of the United Provinces, after the same shall have been finally adjudged

Preamble. Reciting order in council 20 December, 1780, for re prizals on the United Provinces,

Prizes made by the King's ships, during*the hostilities against the dates general of the United Provinces, to be divided between the captors, *

ter ordered, by proclamation.

Prizes made by privateers to be divided between the owners and captors, according to private contract.

208 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 15. [1781.

judged lawful prize to his Majesty, in any of his majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his majesty's plantations in in the propor America or elsewhere; to be divided in such proportions, and tions by his after such manner, as his Majesty hath, by his proclamation of Majesty alrea the twenty seventh day of December, one thousand seven hun to be here aft fc anc c*ghty» already ordered and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think fit to order and direct by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purppfes.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, arms, ammunition, stores of war, goods, and merchandizes whatsoever, with all their furniture, tackle, or apparel, taken or to be taken, during the continuance of hostilities against the dates general of the United Provinces, by or with any private owner or owners, ship or vessel, according to any commission or letter of mark granted, or to be granted, as herein after is set forth, by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them empowered and appointed, (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of his majesty's courts of admiralty as aforesaid), shall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of such ship or vessel, and the several persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such share and proportions as shall be agreed on with the owner or owners of such ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons that shall be thus entitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other person commissioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner or owners of such ship or vessel being the capt5r of such prize, ship, or vessel, arms, ammunition, stores of war, goods and merchandizes, and the person claiming under him or them, shall be. entitled to any part or share thereof; any custom, statute, or other law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III And whereas by two acts* made in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, the one intituled, An a St

Geo. 3, C z3, for tjic encouragement of Teamen and the more speedy and ef tingphoftuitic9 fediual manning his majesty's navy; and the other intituled, An against France act to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, in and Spain, ex tituled. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy tended to let ang ejgre^uai manning his Majtfly'i navy 5 and for making further C forgene*provisions for those purposes; several provisions and regulations ral reprisals were established for the better carrying on the Jalutary purposes by the against jhe said acts intended in the prosecution of bojlilities against France and Spain \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

the

Proviftons in 29 Geo. 3. C 67, and to

United Provinces.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 16. 209

the several regulations and provisions respecting the grant of commissions or letters of mark, the persons acting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark, and all other dauses, provisoes, matters, and things, contained in the said acts, shall extend, and be condrued and deemed to extend, to the grant of commissions or letters of mark to the persons acting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of maraue for general reprizals agamd the ships, goods, and subjects, of the dates general of the United Provinces, and all other matters or things whatsoever, in respect of the same, during the continuance of hoftiiities against the dates general of the United Provinces, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same regulations, provisions, dauses, provisoes, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re enacted in this act.

IV Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall ex Prize goods tend or be condrued to extend, to exempt any ships, goods, l*iaw«topay wares, or merchandise, already taken, or which (nail be taken as^*

prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majesty's dominions, from the payment of any cudoms, or duties, or from being subject to the redriftions or regulations to which the same now are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and statutes of this realm.

CAP. XVI

An act for repealing the discounts and abatements upon certain foreign goods; and for granting additional duties upon tobacco and sugar imported into Great Britain.

WHEREAS, by virtue of the seventeenth rule in the Preamble book of rates9which is referred to, and made part of an act of parliament, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A subsidy granted to the King of Recital of the tonnage and poundage, and other sums of Money payable upon yth rujern merchandise exported and imported j and by several subsequent ja*cg# acts of parliament which are now in force, certain discounts or abatements are made and allowed to merchants out of the duties of customs payable upon foreign gpyds imported into this kingdom, and for prompt payment of several of the said duties upon certain goods Jo imported: and whereas the making Jucb discounts is liable to great error in the computation of the said duties, which may tend to the prejudice of the public revenue, and occafton great trouble and perplexity to the merchants trading to this kingdom: to the end therefore that the duties may be colie died in a more plain and simple manner, and the merchants may more readily know what duties they are obliged to pay, and the officers of the revenue what they ought to charge, it is expedient that the said discounts and abatements Should in future be discon tinnedi may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted*be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty,

by '

£10

After April 1781, all dif counto allowed on foreign goods imported shall cease, and the full duties be paid in ready money 1

except for east-india goods, the duties on which shall be regularly paid as herein prescribed.

Certain other allowances to which this at Shall not extend.

The additional duty of 5 percent, granted by an

a#inp vicesimo primo Georgii HL C i [1781;

by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common in this present parliament artembkd, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day of April thousand seven hundred and eighty one, all difcouftt? or abatements, which, by virtue of the hereinbefore recited rule, or by virtue and in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament now in force, are made and allowed in the computation of any subsidy, import, or other duty of customs, payable for any foreign goods imported into this kingdom, or for the prompt payment of any such duties, shall cease, determine, and be no longer made or allowed; and the full duties due and payable for such goods shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever, except in the cafe? herein after particularly mentioned and provided; any law, custom, or itsage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That thi? aft shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discontinue or repeal the allowances made to the united company of merchants trading to the East Indus for charges of sale, and prompt payment, by virtue of an act, parted in the second and third years of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act for granting to her Majesty an additional subsidy of tonnage and poundage for three years; and for laying afurther duty upon French wines condemned as prize; and for afurtam ing the values of unrated goods imported from the East Indies; provided the duties on unrated east-india goods, sold at the company's sales, shall be paid within three months from the termination of such sale respectivety; that is to say, in case the duties on the March sale, in each and every year, shall be paid on or before the first day of December then next following; and the duties on the September sale, in each year, on or before the first day of June next following such sales; but on failure of payment of the said duties within the times herein limited, the said discounts and allowances shall not be made for or on account of any goods sold at such respective sales.

III Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the usual allowances of twelve pounds per centum for leakage, on wines imported into this kingdom, by virtue of the eighth rule in the before recited book of rates; nor to any allowance for damage on goods received in the course of the voyage, under the several regulations and restrictions such allowances are made by any act or aft? of parliament now in force; nor to the usual discount or allowance upon bonds for the duties on tobacco, which shall be warehoused in pursuance of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the encouraging the tobacco trade.

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the additional import or duty of five pounds per centum, granted by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to bis Ma

17^irj Anpo vlqqfimqprimpg^o^ail IIL 9.

jefiy additional duties upon fbe product of the fjtveral duties tinder the an *9 Geo* management of the refpefliye commissioners of the cuflotys'pnd (xciji &*o<hpitedr inqtcat Britain, or by any Fublequertt adfc of parliament nony up0htbegr«flb jn force, shall be competed, collected, and paid, upon the grofc duties, duties which shall accrue and become due and payable, after the ducotunts or abatements herein before mentioned shall cease and be determined.

V And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore A repeal df said, th*tf from and after the said .fifth day of April, one thou such part of and fev.cn hundred and eighty one, so much of an act, made rciatefto^r in the ninth year of his late majesty king George the First, inti importer*of tided. An act for enabling his Majesty to put the customs of Great tobacco giv britain tinder the management of one or more commijftons\ and for ing bond for better securing and after taming the duties on tobacco; and to prevent

frauds in exporting tobacco, and other goods and merchandizes or*,

carrying the Jame coafwife; and so much of any other act or a eft s of parliament now in force, as relates to the importer giving bond, with one or more fccurities, for the duties on tobacco, 1

shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed; and in Case the full duties pp tobacco shall fie paid down in rpady itioneir at thp time pi entry, the import of five pounds centum granted by the herein before mentioned act made in thexiine. teenth year of bis?preftnt m<yefty's reign, shall not be coliedted or paid on such duties so paid down; but if such tobacco (haft be wacehouled, andrthe impor, tqr*s(9wn fyqnd given for jhe dut, .

ties thereon, pursuant .to the before mentipnea aft 'made in thte ?. j twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne pr of aqy other acts 1.. /

parliatpent, then, and fu, cb case, ten pounds per cehtumfiipll'' '

be charged and collected upon, ^gross amount of the^dutiss 5 J ' for fqch tobacco, instead of the five pounds ter centum for e said import, granted by the best^c ^qtibned act mass in the nineteenth year of the reign of Jiis present Majesty, .

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afor^ frofe aprlfv said. That, towards raising the npceflary supplies granted for 1781, th^lbfc defraying his Majesty public, expenses, from and after the lowing new fifth day of April, one thoi^hateven Hundred and, eighty«>cne,

over and above all other subsidies, duties, prid ippdfitipns Majesty, on whatsoever, due and payable to his Majesty by any, actor acts importation; of parliament now in force, there shall beraised, levied, collect viz.

CD and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuqceflors, the fe vera! additional rates and duties and impolitipns following, without any discount or deduction whatsoever; thpt is tp say, On tobacco.

For every pound weight of tobacco, imported into Great Bri one penny tain, one penny and three farthings: rec

For every hundred weight of sugar, containing, one hundred "** '*

.and twelve pounds weight, imported into Great Britain four gdtper Shillings and eight pence; and after those rates for #iy greater hundred *40r less fliianiity of .such. goods re(peftiyely. weight.

VJI. And it is hereby farther enabled by jtfie ^utboriiy/afo# yhe jpmfl* That the aid.a.cl ditional duties^berein bef<^e, gran(edv(hair^ teie fec^also fuhjpa^n^i juwp to ap^dditiqnal fau>9ft pj dpty of five subje«»tomw y8l. xxxitt. Q.'- pounds

The said duties to be collected and paid See. as the former

Anno vicclmoprimo gborgrt HI. C 16. [1781;

percent. pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same regulations,

(except where any alteration is made by this act), at cf'ijf0* tnc additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to hit Majesty by the before mentioned ad, made in the nineteenth year of his reign.

The new du VIL' Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the p^vfor goods authority aforesaid, That the duties herein before granted shall w^rehou^d not be charged and paid for or on account of any prize goods, for exporta or other goods, which shall be secured in warehouses in this tion, C kingdom under the joint locks of his Majesty and the proprietors of such goods, in pursuance of any ad or parliament, unless and until .such goods shall be taken out of the warehouses wherein they are so secured, to be consumed or used in this kingdom.

IX And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several duties and impositions herein before granted, shall be raised, levied, colledcd, paid, and recovered, in such manner and form, and by such ways, means, and modules on such thods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, (except where lrtide, f any alteration is made by this act), as the former ditties now

payable to his Majesty upon such articles respectively are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and cffedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several dauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted m the body of this present acts and the same shall be under the direction and ma laantranent na?ccnt of the respective commissioners of the customs and ofthecommif thtir officers for the time being, and shall be paid into the bands fionert of the of the receiver-general of the customs in England, and shall be customs. by him paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer in the Directions for following manner; that is to say. The said additional duties imping the upon tobacco and sugar shall be paid in, distinct and apart from all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the ufos and purposes.m this act mentioned; and the money arising by or on account of the several difeouna and abatements by this act repealed, shall be paid in as part of the several duties from which they were deduded before the passing of this act; and the additional imports of five pounds per centum and ten pounds per centum respectively upon the duties granted by this act, together with the said additional import of five pounds per centum upon atiy other duties of customs, granted by any act of parliament made since the passing of the before mentioned ad ot the nineteenth year of his present majesty's reign, shall be paid in together as part of the said import granted by that ad, under tke title and description of The impojl one thousand [even hundred and fetoenty nine; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, for all sugar imported into Gre&

niinmilim°n Britain, after the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun arzg*sim dred and eighty one, which (hgll have paid the duty hereinbefore

and to be under the

duties into Ct cache qutr.

i; Jr.] Anno vi'cclimo primo Georgii III c/17. 213

before granted, and shall be afterwards refined in this kingdom, ported after and exported into foreign parts, after the fifth day of July, one after 7*** thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in the loaf, and whole, ward refined being net, the exporter shall be allowed a bounty or drawback in this king of eleven Shillings and sixpence for every hundred weight, con doro. taining one hundred and twelve pounds weight, of such sugar; Loaf sugar and for every one hundred weight, containing one hundred and who*es twelve pounds weight of all refined sugars, called Bajlards^ and ground or powdered sugar, and refined loaf sugar, broke in pie^ces, and all sugar called Candy, which shall be so exported, after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, there (nail be allowed a drawback, or bounty, of five Shillings and fourpence, and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of such sugars refpedvively, over and above all other bounties or drawbacks allowed by law for the same; and from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, the whole of the additional duty paid for a sugar, if not refined in Great Britain, and the whole of the additional duty paid for tobacco, together with the several and respective imposts of five pounds per centum, and ten pounds per centum respectively, paid in pursuance of this *&, shall, in like manner, be drawn back and repaid, upon the exportation of the goods; which said bounties and drawbacks shall be respectively paid and allowed in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, reftriehons, oaths, powers, penalties, and forfeitures, in all ft spes, as the former bounties or drawbacks payable out of th duties of customs upon the exportation of the like goods was or might be legacy paid before the passing of this ash

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Moneys arising all the moneys to arise by the duties granted by thisadt, the northeast ty this act to ctflary charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted, ^ce^chtau«r shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's C *

exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the pubkck revenue, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

CAP. XVII

An act for granting to his Majesty 'an additional duty upon tie product of the several duties under the management of the refpi&tvi cotpmijffiomrs of the excise in Great Britain.

m*jl Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fubjpfts, the;

commons of Great Britain, in parliin^ent assembled, to wards railing, by the mod easy mean, the necessary supplies to to defray ypur majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily rofolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duty herein after mentioned.; and do most humbly be feccb your Majesty that it may be enacted; and.be. it enabled by the king's most excellent Majesty, by?nd.with tbi advice and coafctu of tl^e lords Spiritual and temporal, an cqtnmonj,

qa m

2; i 4 Anno ricefimo primo Georgii III C 17* [ 1781.

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority o From April 5, the same, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thou fl*ilb«hchc an ^€vcn hundred and eighty one, there shall be charged, levi cd«n additi" et collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his onal duty of 5 heirs and successors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds percent, on per centum upon the produce and amount of all the several in inca, ?ifu" tu an duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except as hereip tics^ow'pay after is excepted), now payable to his Majesty, and which are char ged an<j cohered under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland; which said additional duty of five pounds per centum, hereby imposed, shall and may from time to time be charged, raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, as the several and retfpe&ive inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which the said additional duty and charge is hereby imposed, are or can, by any statute now

able to his Majesty, (except as alter excepted: )

To be levied and recovered as the former duties.

in

This at not to extend to beer, malt, fbpe, candles

force, be refpcctively charged, raised, received, levied, collected, recovered, secured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the fe reral powers, authorities, directions, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, .forfeitures, powers of mitigation, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again tnacted in (be body of this present a:

: Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional du w cauu.c, *7 °* oharge of five pounds per centum the produce or amount hides or skins', of the duties on beer, malt, fope, candles, hides, or skins, brewed or brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or <1 re (fed, within Great Britain; in^rea?bri or to care kid duty the produce or amount of the

tain*duties of five pounds per centum and fifteen pounds per eentum% refpcctively imposed upon the. produce of the several nor to charge inland duties under the management of the com midi oners of the amount of excise in England and Scotland, by an act made in the nineteenth Vpercent majesty's reign, (entitled. An 48 for gran

i5per cent, on ***8 ** is Mojefly additional duties upon the produce of the several the prod uce of duties under the management of the refpeflivecommissioners of the excise duties, cufiomsand excise in Great Britain); and by two several other acts npadejn.the twentieth year of his said present majesty's reign, and iogeo^tho one intituled, An act for granting to his Mayfly additional du C 35, and s%!'tits<kpon tnalt, and upon low wines and spirits made for home consumption, and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain, and ion the produce of the said several duties; and for granting a duty 'tot licences to be token out by all per sins trading in vending or soiling of coffee tea, or chocolate*the other intituled, An of? for framing to his Majesty additional duties uponfldrcb and bofk powder hrtportem, and uponflarch inde in Great Britain, and Upon sweets \ thing fhcfdxv wotrwntaiacd to the contrary not withftandiiig.

r - And

[e

/

**5

All monk''by this act to be paid fepara tel y info the exchequer, and carried so the sinking fund.

if 8 j.j Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 18.

1 III And be it further enacted by the authority afore said,

That all the moneys to arise by the additional duty granted by this act, the necessary charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at if^eftminflevy diftincftly arid apart from all other brahches of the public. revenue, and shall be carried to, and naade part of the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund. *

C a p. xvm. :

An aflfor keeping the militia forces of this kingdom complete, during the time therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it h highly expedient for the public Preamble.!

that the feverqi regiments and corps of militia Should be made and kept as complete os foffibk during the cmrje of the ensuing camk pmgn: And whereas the time of ballasting for many regiments add corps, or parts of regiments and corps, will happen between the months^Match and December nixt ensuing, whereby such regiments and ^

corps will during that period, be very much weakened and rendered !*

unfit for service: whereas the provifiom in two acts of parlies meat, one made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, intitie led. An act to "amend and render more effe&uaj the laws relating^*' C

to the ratting and training the militia within that part of great Britain called England ptftd to establish certain regulations; with.*refpcdfcto officers feevingin the corps of fencible men directed < /

torbe railed irt that parr of - Great Britain called scotlandv and J

certain other corps therein mentioned; and the other made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, imitated, An act to explain, *9 Gcg* C amend, and render more efleedlual, the feverat laws now in being relative to the militia foroes of this Jcingtkorn; and for snaking certain provisions relative to the fencibte men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; which wjre intended to prevent in some degree this inconventtiki* have been found inefficient: for re Colonels, C maty thereof, be it<?«>acjted, by the^ing's^oft excellent majesty, f wihtii, m by and with the advice .and coafeat of the lords fpjruual and ^entsthe1" temppr^j aod conynpns, in t)iis present parliament assembled, time of service and by the authority of the same, That, from and immediate of any private ly after the passing of this acts, the colonels and commandants of men will ex the several regiments and corps of militia, in which regiments April v^anj or corps the time of service of any private militia men will ex Dec. i, are to pire between the first day of April and the first day of Dumber inquire of t next ensuing, shall, and they are hereby refpeefively required very such map forthwith to apply, in the manner directed by the said aeft of the continue eighteenth year of his present Majesty", to, every such private bis service for man, and to inquire if he is willing to continue his service for a further term 2 further term of three years, and for what sum or price he shall of three years, be ft) willing to continue It, if required. - ^

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That C cj every such colonel and commandant of every such regiment and tctrenirn lists corps of militia, shall, and he is hereby required, forthwith to of such men

0.3

z 16 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 19. [1781*

who are w return a lid as well of such private militia men as are willing t6 lieg to conti continue foto serve, as of all others whose times of service will expire between thefirstday of April and the first day of Dtambtr% the general next ensuing, to the cleric of the general meeting of the county or meeting. |.. to which such regiment or corps shall respectively belong, which clerks n manner as is directed by the said recited acts, or either of deputy lieut! hem $ all clerks of general meetings, clerks of subdivi*. care forth fion meetings, deputy lieutenants, justicesof the peace, and all Uhtop other persons concerned, are hereby respectively authorised and for proper 0t re(lu'rcd» upon the receipt of such lists, forthwith to proceed to men to terve ballot for proper men to serve it) the militia, in the place of those instead of whose times will expire as aforesaid, and for that purpose to exe those whose cutc ajj tfoe powers and directions given by the said recited acts, pi^e'a»*forc* other actor adb of parliamentrespecting the trfilitiaforbid. ecs of this kingdom, as if all the clauses, provisions, powers,

matters, and things, contained in any of the said acts relating to the premises, were repeated and reenadted in the body of this present act.

Clerks of fub 1 JIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thats division meet jyhen and as often as any militia men shall be ballotted for and li%sof the sworn ***» the manner herein before directed, the clerks of the , name, cof febdivision meetings respectively shall forthwith give notice there niilitia men of, and transmit a list of the names and places of abode of such fworii fh to the jnilitia men to the colonel or commandant of the regiment or of the corptto ^arps militia to which they shall belong j and every colonehor which they kroihxnandant of such regiment or corps of militia is and are belong, C liere^y authorised from time to time to discharge of those men hose times will soonest expire, a number equal to those who'gre ballotted for and sworn in, and in readiness to join his regiment or corps, so asto keep his regiment or corps as complete as may be during the period before mentioned

t j****.*^.

...... ', C a p. XIX

, Jn act to permit the importation of flax and flax seed into this

dom or Ireland, in any or veffltl belonging flatiinamity with his Majesty, with f

-'dtihng'fhrprtfent bofliiitits.

Pmmtye. eats fy an act. made in the tvaeifth

- V V par. of the reign: of King .Clwrk* the Sttondt Recital of the tifuled* Ana! for .tlieeoeouraging apdotafeafingof Shipping

iiavi^atiin aft hod navigation, it it qmngfl other That no sort of

XI Car. flarflalliudmportrdpio.erigikn'd, feel»t^, w»le», or town ofbtf wick Hpon Tweed, jntorjtfa «r/bipk vejet or whaefoevtr.,

... iut in Jucb as do tntfy^nfrtf'ilhout jfrau4i.helong.to the ptopli thpetfy J pr.fvme of them, t fa: Unto: ownend proprietors tbtreef and whereof the master and three foterthl efitba. meeinen et leaf art t £ngkfaix**pton/pfl*rt: foreign slip I er.epflekat'.are efthe built ef M mmtty orpfawf whiah: the said the gt

tr.xwtifa&wpfefe&itel}, sort ttifor

si: goodt

T t

1781.j Anno vicesimo primo Qporgii III c.iif

goods aeon only be, tr mft usually are, first slip transportation,

and whereof tie majier, and three fourths of the mariners at leas, tf the said country or plate, under the penalty and forfeiture of ship and goods: and whereas it is expedient, during the present

to permit the importation of fax and flax seed atid - '

Ireland, in foreign neutral ships or vessels, although or'

Ttjfels art not tf the built of the eountry or place of which ft/eh flax or flax seed is the growth, production, or manufacture, or of tie fort where such flax or flax seed can only be, or usually slipped for transportation; be it therefore enacted by the king's 1 moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, *in this present _.

assembled, and by the authority of the same, tlur, lsidur from and after the twentieth day of Apone thousand seven i, £ the pre*and eighty one, and during the present hostilities, it fern hostilities, shall and may be lawful for any person.or perfortsto import into this kingdom of Great Britain, mjr el any sort offlax or jjjjpgjjjj into flax seed, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state Great Britain in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by or Ireland in foreign seamen, from any port or place whatsoever, upon the yeffels belong same terms and conditions, and subject to the same rule?, jregu lations. and reftrictjons, in all respects, as such flax and flax seed , jth hisma would, by any law in force, have been subject and liable to if jesty, See, the same had been imported in foreign ships or vessels of the built of the country or place, of which.such flax or flax seed was the growth, production, or manufacture; anything in the before recited atft, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithftaridmg.

CAP. XX ' .'?

An act for declaring certain provisions af an act, made in the thirteenth year of his, present Majesty, relating to the turnpike roads in

that part of Great Britain tailed England, to extend to all alls made, and to be made, for repairing roads subsequent to the of the said act.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether the provisions con Preamble.

Sained in an act of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act to explain, Recital of the mewl, atid reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws general turn now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Rkeaft *3 Great Britain called England, and for other purposes), were meant ljto' ** an intended to extend to such acts of parliament as flail be made for repairing particular turnpike roads jubfequent to the pafflng of the said recited all: for obviating such doubts for the future, be it declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That all the provisions, directions, mat The recited Ijers, and things, contained in the said Recited act of the their j ttcath year of the reign of his present Majesty, which have not h»vebe«nre.

' - 0.4 been pealed, fcc.

parting thereof te

VII fiino vlcefiri16 p^thbisickdit Iff. tt;

extended to (cm varied, altered, or rfpe^tees, by ifrty fattfetjuenf rifts f pdh ^a<^cnt» (except so muefi thereof as an adcfitioritof teftif C n e ncet e years to acts for re pair mg partrcuhytorfipike roads tterl And arc meant and intended, and shall be deemed, confiruttf* apd taken, to extend to af aits of parliament which hive bees made fined the time of the paflin£ of the fafdyedted aft, rind whrtrtt lhab hereafter be made, for amending and repairing any parti qufar tyrnpike roads within that part of Great Britain caltei Engloitf.,

CAP. XXI

An act for defraying the. charge of the pay and clothing of the militia m that pirt of Grea' Britain tilled England, fdy One year, begriming th twenty.fifth day of March me tboolkad fevth hoodnd aid*ighy+

one.!

fceambfe. Where the militia is Ar fh^l be ratfed, the receiver general of the county n to Jflue four months pay ini advance, according to the Mb? blffhmetrt of pay here let down; with half a yeir's salary to the regimbi talaod battalion clerksand the allowances to tfockrks of the gewnri apd febdivision meetings andpayyor elothiogof the militia. where4»y has not been issued, no pay to be issued till tfyc lord lieutenant, or deputies, (hill have certified to the treafurv arid recrivers gerieral the itirof merit of th see fifth rdf the riven and officers. The money n to be^paad by thecjfeceiter.gttiiril to ehb tfledc' of the regimen t*cr battalion, (except the allowance to the clerks of the oweftngt) Upon producing the war cant of few appointment: and for independent companies, to toe refptftive captains dr to (heir order: according to the trtabliffim'fnt laid don in the rriilitia rift of a Geo. 3. C 3$; r A fectmd payment is uhri to be made within tbrei thchths after the first: and a third Within three months, alter the feeond; Receipts of the persons to whom the money thfdi be so paid, to discharge the receivers general. The regimental and battalion c»erks are to pay in advance one month's pay totbe adjutant: and two months pay to each captain for the sergeants and diuminers* and for the sergeant major and drura major two months pgy to be paid to the commanding officer of the Company to which they belong: captains to diliribute the pay accordingly*hrtd account for the famd yeanv to the clerk, or receiver-general if an irrde pendant company, according to the form in the hfti arid phy back she far

Jdus moneys in bts hands. On discharge of te^eantror drummers ks unfit or service, no pay to be issued till then are appointed: opr any payment made toiuch as are discharged by the commanding officer. Tnfcclerkkare like wise to pay, out of the f^ms allowed for contingent expenses, id per man for hospital charges: and the iuins*nee; efciry for the repair dfjbydh, and carriage thereof. Rtfidbe to be applied forth benefit of tfecrfei. went or battalion, as the field officers hud captillts flhui dir (ft. ^eu8l of the said sums to be made op yearly. Money allowed for cytiiagna ex pence of independent companies to be applied and accounted forbj tfo captains. Clerk to retain mohey in his harids for his own (alary, vvheo the lord Hen tenant or deputies shall have 6x*d the days of exertife, shes are to certify the famh to the receiver generkl, rpecifyihg the ntibbfe'et men, and days they flnll be absent from born. reoetver gejkrai*0 i^fef thereupon pay for officers and men to the regimental clerk. yftfre there mall be independent companits only, the rcceiver general is o inue fcay to the captains, Sec. according tb thte rate Here fet dowti, viz. ttrfscft oaptmn s. 6d. pferdey». each lieutenant 3*. 6d. per day eritth erifigh gk. _ per day, and each privue nxxn 1 s. per day with the addition of Ml per dpy for each corporal. Clerks to pay ovey the money tp die lefpeftjoc captaifis. Captains to make up their account according to the form in the asti to be flgned by'them, arid couhteitigned by the comihhlrtcfivl^'oflic^ril* rind dftivferedt with the balance tb fchie elerk, or receive rifcanerjik awi emits allowed sufficient vouchers During the time the troops are embodied

ff.) Anr^ vksefimo prime Georgii Ilf. ca — —

toiiei# <mdrw)m«ijv b ottkifti fervid and recchr* pay ik the king's

oshkmtoea, 9*1 pay ahd awowaoce tan the receivers general isto cone. jucaters general to pay the allowances to curkt of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the lubdivhion meetings, Upon producing orders from the liedfeoant or deputy lieutenarttsr which order to be amifcharge to reedrefs gentrif. Regimental arid battalion dark to give feourity for pbfiag and icooootiegfor the moneys Received by thorn t the bonds to be lodged with the receivers general, and put in suit by them on not)perform rtunce of the conditions j and they are entitled thereupon to full tofts and charges; and 5). percent, of the money recovered; ttmeddoe to be at codmed for to the tfoditbr. The regimental and tecad«o» clerks, ensd taynios of in dependant companies, are to deliver in accounts of their n copbaad di&uffcments. All penalties, cotta, C to be recovered in the courts at ttfejtminster. No fee payable for arty warrant or sum of money issued in pursuance of this at. Officer on half-pay serving in the militia, tmf receive the" febfi (fence money payable to captains, lieutenants, dr tofigas, they taltingtfeefolkmixig oath before rjuttice, Ihfofth, r

I A. do swear. That I had not, between the

I any place 6r employment of profit, dvil or milftary^tnider has

mjjefyjbdider Wty amokvance of half.pay aa a reduced''*

i''act regiment of far allowance ft >

r late troop of hof ft guards, or; ^: <

regiment of horse reduced], save and except my subsistence ata'"captain, lieutenant, or ensign, [as the case serving in the xiiratia.of Che

ttmrity of**' M'

-*'.. «'-.. \.. -!. Tbetahingthif qftfch fulicient to entitle them to receive their half pay re cejftr geiicral, oipon receiving a warrant, from the epppuanding officer, be/tjjjing the receipt of the Clothing, ana an order for payment, is to pay tbtrfttoe accordingly. If any regiment, e. (half ceafev II {4suk is to be pdtitottye Mptttftt hot such time tomarch *$, ifrfa., *...

-*>: - CAP'. XXIL

anftfmbr iatproriftf the navig

t r: i "a

An aftfor improving the navigation of the river, called bp^rn Tan, from the town.of Bournits Junction with the fiver Glen at a place called Tongue nd, in the county 61 Lincoln. 1 ", "

* \ ^. V .k%'i.

CAP. XJCHI; -....

An ft for irptkniiting t^thmiflioiters for puttitifer 5kekecfttfbtt'ahadtof sbb9rffi<m; d^hiaitkist, iiritttbd^ an*adbfor grantii^g.prwuttd hrtmft jesty by *1*0^ tft*, tb be raiffdrin Great Britain, tor theiervice of the yeif one tboiyandfcven hundred and eighty one'''

: ': cati, /..,

J. de prtfeni (\uuei.jtfonj*p(r%

jwffhwssy made in(prat Bruaia, . and.for gnanting

fafath ww.tbrtif'*, L;

Ad,

, Hi y,

: .

tttherea^iy^ Mhie iff tintbyear f ihi rttgh Preamble.

Vy her late mqjejly Soften Anne, yir laying duties upon fope.and Recital of two pofer^madejh Great Britain, hni for other purpifes therein rhen ii&t, madcm fimtd% lerlditi duties were laid on fl paper made /vr gi^af bvitairi, ** Anna, aturiing to the ftveral and particular rates and Vaiitzs therein entr ih&atei, and other duties were imposed after the rati tf twelve pounds former one hundred pounds of the true and real value of an other pdfer so made ds dforifaid^ and not Particularly chafaiain the hid 'i > aet \ and by ini differ aft, made in the twelfth year fisher fald hte a hajittx, mjejlfs ftign, a further me and duty was hid an rbifait papers $

all

leap Anno tficefimo pritfto Georgii III c.24. [1781.

aumbieh said several rates and duties merest he charged, lamed tad paid, in manner as by the aid acts are particularly dirtstd and«presect, and which aid alts art by subsequent continued and made

perpetual: and whereas it hath been found, by experience, that the several and refptqive rates and duties so charged upon paper, by tbt aid acts particularly enumerated, are not proportionate to the true value of such papers; and that the value of the other papers rateable by

the said acts, and not therein particularly charged, to, or affirmed by the makers thereof, and according to which the duties thereon are charged and payable, have been very unequal, same perfnu greatly undervaluing the same, whereby great frauds arid abuses have been committed, to the detriment revenue, and injury of the fair

trader: .now, for the remedying of the said abuses, and to pre vent like frauds, and to the intent that all paper makers may be on an equal footing; we, your majesty's faithful commons, in parliament, a (Tern bled, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's raott excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and From May *1, by the authority, of the same, That, from and after the twenty-1781, the lu day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, rniilboanfs^* le ^ever*i rates and duties upon paper, millboards, pafteboards, See. granted and fealeboards, given and granted by the said acts, made in the by the recited tenth and twelfth years of the reign of her fajd fate majesty Queen aftt, repealed. ianne, uin&which have been ftnee continued and made perpetual,

(Exception (except so much of the said duties as are imposed by the said acts upon paper, to be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for hangings, and other uses), shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; anything in the before mentioned acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

And to the intent that no failure or deficiency may accrue or happen, in the refpeitivcfunds to which the duties upon paper by this

1 ait determined were appropriated and by the de: erminatien

of the said duties^be it further enacted by the authority afore said, New duties 'That in lien thereof there shall be raised, levied, collected, and

granted in paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and (iicceftbrs.

Head thereof for an<j upqn ajj pap^rs} pafteboards, millboards, and bale pafteboards, *' hoards, which, from and after the said twenty first day of May, C made in one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall be made in Great Britain: Great Britain, the several and respective rates and duties herein videlicer, after particularly mentioned and described, and classed in the several tables annexed to this atft j that is to say, -

'fmperiaj t for every ream of paper made in Great for writing,

log paper, jp. called Imperial, of the yajue of two pounds, eleven Shillings, per per ream: rcam> and upwards, and not exceeding the dimenuons of

twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter, nine Shillings: .

Royal For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, ditto, 6s? jfu «hcd Super Royal, of the v?|pe of one pound, eighteen Shillings, per ream: per ream, and upwards, and nqt exceeding the dunengons of

* 1 pine

x781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii lit. 0.24.

nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty teven inches and an half, six Shillings and nine pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Royal, of the value of one pound, nine Shillings, ptr ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, five Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Medium, of the value of one pound, two Shillings, and sixpence, per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding rhe dimensions of seventeen inches and an hails by twenty-two inches and an half, four Shillings:

For every: ream of paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Demy, of the value of sixteen Shillings per rtam, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty inches, two Shillings and nine^pence:

. For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called efhid Post, of the value of thirteen shillingt/w? ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and a quarter byriineteen inches and an half, two (hidings and threepence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, called Thin Post, of the value of ten (hihings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and p quarter by nineteen inches arid anbats, one shilling and nine

121

Royal writing paper, 5*. psr ream:

Medium ditto, S. per ream:

Demy ditto, ss. i. per reams

Thick Post ditto, i. j d, per reams

Thin Post ditto, is. sd per ream t

pence: , ''T

- For every ream of paper made hr Great Britain for writing. Small Post called Small Post, of the value of seven Shillings and sixpence per ditto, is. jd. ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of their p*1*reams teen inches and art half by fixteeirinches and an half, one shilling and threepence:

- For every ream of paper made its Great Britain for writing, Fools Cap called Fools Cap, of the value of nine Shillings per ream, and ditto, is. ft; upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches Perretms and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, one shilling

and sixpence: .

every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Pott ditto, .!u c*ucd Pott, ofrthe value of six Shillings per ream, and upwards, per ream: and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen iricbes stfid an half, rine shilling:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Double Arias, or copperplate printing, called' Double Atlas, of the value of for writing, or fifteen pounds firstam, and upwards, and not exceeding the copp!r*plate dimensions of fifty-five inches by thirty-one inches and an half, Jos" per ream 1 one pound ten Shillings ^

every ream pfpaper made in Great Britain for writing, Demy, for or popper plate printing, ctmtademy, of the value of twelve ditta> shilling reem^. owl upwards nd not exceeding the dimen *** rcams Cons of fifteen'inches and an half by twenty inches, one shilling

nine pence**; *

for every gemh<jf p*f>*r Grtai Britain for writing, Copy, fa 1

mpopptr sets prying, etllpd Gofiyo of the value of ditto, i i per'

w*fereo"*5

4* r IV

'22$ Anno vicesimo primo Georg III C 24. [1781.

£»vcn Shillings. and fixpenoe ream, and upwards, and not

exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, one shilling:

vmu Cap, for For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, writing, oc or copper pi ate printing, called Feels Cap, of the value of fit

printing! od. idlings perream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen per ream's fions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and three .quarters, ten pence: ,

Littris Fools For every ream of paper made in Great Britain tor writing, Cap, for ditto, r copperplate printing, tailed Littris Foals Cap, of .the value of ream six ^*^'ngs Per ream and upwards, and not exceeditig the dimensions of thirteen inchesand an half hy k)venteen inches and i''tonne pence:

pott, for dftto, For, every ream of paper made ih Great Britain hr writing,

8d. per ream: or copperplate printing, called Pott, of the valiie of four ihiu .. lings ptr ntarn, . and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions

! of twelveincherandian half by fifteen inches: and ih half, eight.........

......... r: : " ....L (.

Grand Eagle, For etbry ream of paper mxdfcin Qrmt Britain hr writing, for ditto, u £. or copperplate printing, called Grand Eagle or Elepliant,

per ream: of. the value of .fir poemds per, ream and upwards, and not

exceeding the dimenfioimhf: twenty six inches and. three quar

. ters by .forty inches, eleven, Shillings <" >

For every ream of paper. *1 ado: in.gnatt Britain for writing, ditto, 7 s, per or copperplate printing, called of the value of two

reanl'..r pound*and tdn fltilhn^.'/bir reaun, and upwardr, andxtot ext, . thft dhnenfiohslbf jtwehtyatthreemdbe^ and an half by

'thirty-four inches aod an hxhy(even (hiilingic Atlas, for dit For every, team of papenmaaderin for writing,

to, (worth j L or copperplate printing, called Atlas, of 'tfae; value of three, 0 } i'er pound*'per neam, atrd"upwardej antl oot exceeding the dimen

rf?v 1*fiptjs, of twenty fisc, inch cb: and aaquarter. byt dhitt^fbor inches,

'*1 ten ailhngaci' ° b. «>.

Atlas, for dit. For. every ream f paper moderin for writing,

^ r copperplate printing, called Atlas, of the value ofctwopounds wawi d' p*r^r ^riws'dnd upwards/.hnd teot'exceeding thodimenfioni of. tv»c«ty igxf inches and a quarter by thirty*four inbhes, six ft»d jings andfixpetoer: » -< tni!?

Small Atlas, For every ream of papdr made in grvoh^irsdivfor writing, ior.dttto, .S: copper pitec printing, called^wifl!/ /fr/jj^ofuhe yvlot of one ^er|fam: pound and.tdi dullihgs. pw^ream, andmpwurdsy -- and pot ex

1 V 1 eeeding1 thfr<diwwrtfitms bf te»ertry hve inthet hy' chfrty ona

*'...'ibches^fbwiflsilfiiigs : '\ r y: . o r. VII "

For every ream of paper made in Oiar ftrrtwjttfor Writing, 1 dittcy.4s. 9d.. or coppetv_piale printing, 'calledimperial, bf rttst'vtluc.of one perrea^: pound and eeb fhtllings /urvdinly2nd upwandtq arid ticjrexcved

ing the dhnmfibnxof twemy«twteinches bf^wvty iftches and a quatteil, fioui; fltiuings and aihepence t - V .ni n V Super Royal, For every ream of paper made in Great Briraik for writing for ditto, ?s. or cbpperwpdate prihtingy balled super'btjatycif'lht value of'dne .r "' "' fit Shillings /rxpttifa, and upwards, 'and not

1. ceeding

1781.) Anno yfc»finqo: pnmo<j*o*gh III c.24. 323

trading the dinfenfions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty seven inches and an half, three Shillings and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for .writing, 'long Rays!, or copperplate printing, called Bong Royal, of the value of one pound per ream od upwards, and qot exceeding the dimen pn^ing, jt. lions of tweuty seven inches and an half by eighteen inches, per reams*three Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for.writing, Royal, for or copperplate printing, called roy<d> of the value of eighteen ditto, as. 6d. Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen per ream:

(ions of nineteen, inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, two Shillings and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Demy, for Qr copperplate printing, called Demy, of the value of thirteen ditto, i s. 9d. shillingsper ream, and upwards, and not exceeding tbeditnen t per reams dons of leveateen incites by twenty-two inches, one shilling and nine pence:

For every ream of paper made in Grea$ Britain for writing, abort d^my, or copperplate printing, called Short Demy or Crowns of the for ditto, i >. value of nine Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceed sd per eeami ing the dimenfioas of fourteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, or of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling end threepence.

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Large Fau, for or copperplate printing, called Large Fan, of the value of four ditto, s. per teen Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the rcanl: dimensions of twenty-three inches and an half by twenty inches and an half, two Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Small Fan, for pr copperplate printing, called Small Fan, of the value of eleven dino, a a. 6d. Shillings par ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimeo pr reami fionsof twenty-two inches and a quarter by thirteen inches and a quarter, one shilling and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Elepliant, far or copperplate printing, called Elepliant, of the value of fifteen ditto, »*. d, Shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen pr; of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, two Shillings and threepence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for bank or Paper for bankers bills or notes, allowing two bilk or notes in each (heel, £ank notes two Shillings^foin proportion for a greater or less number *8# per of bills or notes, in each.flicet:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, printing Dou allied Double Demy, of the value of one pouod^aikd .eighteen bie Demy, 5s. Billings per bundle, and upwards, and npt exceeding the dimen 6 d per bun fions of twenty six inches by thirty-eight ioohfcs and ah half, die dive Shillings and sixpence:

For every bundle of paper made.in Great Britain forprintipg, Printing roy called Royal of the value of one; pound and four Shillings per ft i. 6d. pfr bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions ofnine bundle; teen inches and an half hy twenty-four inches and a.quactcr, r

of

224

Anno vicesimo prifnb Georgii III C 24. [ 178 r.

of twenty inches by twenty six inches, three fttillings and sixpence;

Roy For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing ** ^ndp*** ca^e<* oyat Inferior, of the Value of fourteen Shillings per bun u ei die, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, two Shillings:

Printing Me For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, VI Medium, of the value of one pound per bundle, and/up

per bundles warc|s> an(j not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen inches by twenty-three inches, two Shillings and nine pence:

Printing Demy For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Single, s. 6d. called Demy Single, of the value of seventeen Shillings per bun per bundle: anj upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen

inches and an half by twenty-two inches, or of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-one inches and a quarter, two Shillings and sixpence:

printingdemy For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Demy Inferior, of the value of ten shillingsper bundle, and 6d. per bun upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions ot seventeen inches d C and an half by twenty-two inches, one shilling and sixpence:

Printing d«k For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, ble Crown, called Double Crown, of the value of seventeen Shillings per bun ss. 4d. per die, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty bundle: inches by thirty inches, two Shillings and fourpence:

Double Crown For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Double Crown Inferior, of the value of twelve Shillings pet od. per bun bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by thirty inches, one shilling and nine pence: Printing Sin For every bundle of paper made in Grtat Britain for printing, glecrown, s. called Single Crown, of the value of thirteen Shillings per bundle, per bundle: and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches

by twenty inches, two Shillings:

Single Crown For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing. Inferior, is. called Single Crown Inferior, of the value of eight Shillings per jd. per bun bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen d, cinches by twenty inches, one shilling and threepence:

prmrinotvmv For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, Tiflbe, 1 s. 3d. called Demy tijjite, of the value of eight Shillings per bundle, and per bundle: upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches

and an half by twenty-two inches, one shilling and threepence: Crown Tissue, For every bundle of paper made io, Great Britain for printing, iod. per bun called Crown Tijsue, of the value of five Shillings per bundle, and dh: upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of^fifteen"inches by

twenty inches, ten pence: ' : '> '

printingdou For every bundleof paper made m cvref britaih for printing, ble Pot 1 s. called Double Pott, of the value of nine Shillings psr bundle, and 6 d. per bun upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of leventecn inch by twenty-five inches and an half; one shilling and sixpence r Cartridge, is For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Cart 9d. per ream! ridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches by twenty six inches, one shilling and nine pence:

For

«5

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 24.

For every ream of paper made in jgreat Britain, called Square Square Cart cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches

ream:

and an half by twenty-five inches and an half, two Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Small Small Cart cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a i. d quarter by twenty-four inches, one shilling and sixpence: rcam s

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Elephant ff

Cernttm, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by ja.^tream: twenty-eight inches, one shilling and thred pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Sugar Blue, Shty not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches and an *« per ream: half by thirty-three inches, two Shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, (mailer Blue Smaller Size, not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen perveam # inches and three quarters by twenty seven inches, one shilling p am' and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, Demy Blue Demy Size not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen fizc», s h inches and an half by twenty-two inches, one shilling and three Pcrrcams pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, Crown Blue Crown Size, not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches size, f 3d. by twenty inches, one shilling and threepence: ***rcam s

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Purple Purple Royal, Reyal, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen and an half by per ream: twenty-four inches and a quarter, one shilling:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue blueelepliant, Elepliant, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches 1 s pr by twenty-eight inches, one shilling and sixpence: ream *

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Blue Royal, Reytdy not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an pr bun half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, two Shillings: d, C

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue bjuederay Demy and blcjjomy not exceeding, the dimensions of seventeen buul inches by twenty-two inches, one shilling and threepence: die:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain, called Blue Blue Crown Cram Single, not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by sins, e 9<*. twenty inches, nine pence: pr bundle:

For every ream of whited brown paper made in Great Bri Roy! Hand tem, called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding the dimensions of Thick twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, ten pcr rcam:

pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri Royal Hand, lm% called Royal Handy not exceeding the dimensions of twenty *, buo > four inches By nineteen inches and a quarter, one shilling: d e:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri lumberhand, torn, called Lumber Handy not exceeding the dimensions of twen **\pcr bun ty three inches by eighteen inches, one shilling: , te

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Sr Double Two tear, called Double Two Poundy not exceeding the dimensions.of Fotond, d twenty-four inches by fixtteninches, nine pence; t peruun e

0 for

2 J c

Single Two Pound, d. per bundles

Middle Hand Double, i a. 6d. per bundle:

Anno vicesimoi pciaur Ghorgii IL {178^

For evciy bundle of whited brown paper, tna^e in Great Bri. ije, called Tui Band, not exceeding the dimeofions of sixteen inches by eleven inches, fourpence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the dimenfioas of thirty-three inches by twenty-one indies, one shilling and sixpence:

Middle Hand, For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Bri

9 d. per bun tain, called Middle Handy not exceeding the d'unenfipns of tweo ty two inches by sixteen inches, nine pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Brir tain, called Small Hand Double, not exceeding the dim^pfions of thirty-two inches by twenty inches, one shilling:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Green &rfr tain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the dimwfions of pine teen inches and three quarters by sixteen inches, sixpence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the d mentions of twelve inches by ten inches, .and of nine inches by seven inches and an half, fourpence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain £$ed Imperial Cap, not exceeding the dimentions of twenty northwest inches by twenty-two inches, one ffailliog:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, t&rtled 9d. per ream: f{<2v0h fopnot exceeding the dimenfiofts of twenty iwtf inches by twenty inches, nine pence

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap, not exceeding the dimentions of tweaty three inches and an half by nineteen inches, eight pence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Gruat Britain, called'Kentish Cap, not exceeding the dimentions of twenty-one inches by eighteen inches, sixpence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called 6d. per ream: not exceeding the dimentions of twenty inches by

sixteen inches, sixpence:

Small Cap, 4d. For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain called Small Cap, not exceeding the dimentions of twenty inches by fifteen inches, fourpence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Double Four Pouftds, not exceeding the dimentions of thirty-three inches by twenty inches, one shilling:

For every bundle of brown paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding tyre dimentions offixteen inches hy eleven inches, sixpence:

coupletpound For every bundle of br&wn paper made in Great Britain, called Pouiu^ d Goupks Pound and Half Pound, not exceedingriie*di»enfian$ of Der bundle*twelve inches by ten inched, atulof a ine inchat doyfiseven iaehes ?nd an half, fourpence:

Pifteboard, ' for every hundred weight paaeboard, millbo*td, ^fcetie mihboard, 4c. board, and glared paper, made in Great Britain for clothiers hundred hotprefitra, four (hil!iog^fiftd; dix[ipncc: and after ttofe weight. ' rates

die:

Small Hand Double, is. per bundles

Small Hand, 6d. per bundle:

couples Pound and Half Pound, 4d. per buudle:

Imperial Cap, is per ream:

Havon Cap,

jsagcap, Sd. per ream:

Kentish Cap, d. per ream:

Four Pounds,

per ream:

Double Four Pounds, 1 s. per ream s

Single Two Hounds, 6d. per bundle *

boodle

Anno vitefimo primo geokqitfllfr. C 'ac iij

rates for any greater or less quantity of such papers, pafteboardt* millboards, and fcaleboards, respectively;

Which said several rates and duties upon the said severs! Tprts Duties to he of paper, and other the commodities last naentianed, to be ipadepa'd by the in Grist Britain, shall be truly paid by the makers thereof re maker j spectively, according to the dicnepgons, denominations, and values, in the several tables annexed, and herein before several iy described and expressed.. .

And for that better after taining* charging, collectings ra\jing% levying) and ft curings the said rates and duties by this act imposed be, ^it further eoadted by the authority afor*said.that the rate and dcr the m*by this act made payable upon paper, paftebpards, mill nagementof boards, and fcaleboards, made in England, Wales or the towmof thecoremifli btrwiei upon 7uvr</, .shall be under the receipt and management of the commissioners and officers of his majesty's revenue of ex s^und cife in England for the time being $ and the rates and duties by respectively this act made payable upon paper, pafteboards, millboards, and fcakboards, made in Scotland, shall be under the receipt and management of thq commissioners and officers of his majesty's revenue of excise in Scotland for the time being; and all moneys arising by and in respect of the said rates and duties, the necessary charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted

shall be paid and applied to the same uses and purposes, and. in like manner, and under such regulations, as the money arising by the .duties hereby repealed were by the several acts appropriated unto and directed to be paid and applied.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*that The new da''said several and respective rates and duties hereinbefore f1" to ** granted on paper, paftetioard, millboard, and fealeboard, to be dvmnamuty made in Great Britain shall be moreover subject and liable tq of xo percent an additional duty or ipipoft of ten pounds per centum on the on the pro produce and amount thereof; and that such additional duty ox duce thereof impost of ten pounds pir centym shall be raised, levied, collected,

and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules, regulations, powers and authorities, ways and means, penalties aru| forfeitures, as the additional duty or charge of five pounds pet

(entum granted to his Majesty by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his. Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the fe verdl duties under that management of that respective commissioners of the cvftoms and excise in Great Britain, are directed to be collected and paid.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That What shall be a ream of paper chargeable by this act shall be understood to deemed a buo const of twenty quires, and each choir of twenty-four (beets, ^pap*r**lave and except the ream of double demy for newspapers, men aod* tinned in table three, which shall be understood to consist ofq

twenty quires, and each choir to contain twenty-five (hects; and that a bundle of paper chargeable by this act shall be understood to consist of forty quires, and each choir to consist of Vot. XXXIII R twenty

228

All paper to be made up in reama and bundles, agreeable to the directions

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 24. [1781.

twenty-four (heets, except as before excepted; and that all sorts of paper of the respective dimenftons and value of the paper chargeable by this act, under the respective denominations aforesaid, with the respective rates and duties hereby granted, shall be charged and chargeable with the same respective rates and duties, although the same denominations (by which they are now usually known) should be altered, or by whatsoever other name or names, the same, or any of them, now are, or hereafter shall or may be called or known.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all paper whatsoever made in Great Britain shall, when perfectly made and fit for use, be made up, by the reipe&ive makers thereof, in reams, and in no other form or quantity, except only in such cases where the paper or papers so made are herein before directed to be made in bundles, and are rated ao

malty 50" c^ingty; and if any such maker of paper shall, at any tune, and forfeiture make up for sale any paper by him made in any other quantity of the paper, than in reams or bundles aforesaid, every such maker shall, for each offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, and aifo all the paper so made up contrary to the directions of this act.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time hereafter It shall happen that any new fabric, or fort or kind of paper, other than such as are already known, and other than such as are enumerated and described in

or kind of pa tacs herein before mentioned, shall be made in Gnat per.^Britain, such paper or papers shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the several and respective duties which arc by this act charged upon, and payable for, the sorts of papers which are neared above in fixe and goodness to such new fabric, sort, or kind of paper, and the makers thereof shall pay the same accordingly; and if any such maker or makers of such new fa brick, sort, or kind of paper, shall ncgledt or refute to pay the duties so charged and chargeable on the same respectively, then, and in every such case, such papers shall be charged andchargeable with the duty after the rate of eighteen pounds per centum for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the same, to be estimated, upon the oath or affirmation of the maker or makers thereof, in manner herein after diredlcd; and the maker thereof shall pay the same accordingly.

VIII And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That the values of such paper made in Great Britain as is to pay duty ad valorem, as aforesaid, shall, in all cases, be taken to be so much as such paper shall be Worth to be sold, (fo soon as the same is perfectly made), from time to time,

How the duties shall be paid for any new fabric

How the value of such paper shall be settled which

adv^kreat without respect to the duty to be charged thereupon)

**'and the collector of excise for the time being shall receive the

said duties payable ad valorem, for such paper accordingly, upon the oath of the maker or makers of such paper, according to the beftof their knowledge and belief, unless such maker be a known quaker; and the solemn affirmation of such maker to the same

cflfes,

1781.] Anno vicecmo primo Georgii III c.24. 229

eflfodk, in case he or (be be a known quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such oath; which oaths and affirmations to ascertain the value of such paper foto be charged, and all other oaths by this act directed, fhati and may be adminifttred by the proper collector or supervisor of the district or division where such paper is made, without any fee or charge for the same.

IX And for the more effectual preventing frauds that may be Excite officers practised in the valuation of any unrated papers, or of any new may examine fabric, or fort, or kind of papers which shall be charged and any Parccl ot chargeable with a rate or duty ad valorem in manner herein be vn fora directed and prescribed, and to the end that all makers of my*** may be on an equal foot in trade; be it ena&ccf by the9aothority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the officer or officers of excise, under whole survey any such maker of paper shall then be, to open, view, and examine every parcel of paper so paying duty ad valorem, as aforesaid, and compare the same with the value and price thereof so sworn to or affirmed; and and fois, upon such view or examination, it shall appear that the paper beundtrvaiued is not valued, by such oath or affimation, at the true value and by the maker, price thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this my convey it act9 then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for office the said officer or officers of excise to take and detain all such Ca*and to cause the same to be carried and conveyed unto the office of excise next to the place where such paper shall be made, for the use and benefit of the crown; and the collector of excise for that cohesion shall, out of any money in his hands, pay to such maker of paper, upon demand, the value of such paper so sworn to or affirmed, togjether with an addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, over and above the value thereof so sworn or affirmed, taking a receipt for the same from such maker in full fatisfa&ton for the said paper as if the same had been regularly sold; and it shall and may be lawful to and Such p*p*r to for the commissionera of excise for the time being, whether the ** value of the paper sworn to or affirmed, together with the ten pounds per centum thereon, be demanded or not, and whether the receipts herein directed to be taken be given or not, to cause, said paper to be fairly and publicly sold, as soon as may be, for the best advantage; and out of the produce thereof, the Directions for money herein before directed to be paid or advanced for such difpofiogof paper shall be paid to such collector, to be by him replaced to the produce stich fund from whence he borrowed the same, provided the thcrc°f* same shall have been by him To paid or advanced; but if it has not, then the same shall remain in the hands of the said collector until the maker of such paper shall demand the same, and shall give a receipt as is herein before directed to be taken for the same; and after deducing from the overplus, if any, the charges arising by the keeping and selling of such paper, the said commissioners of excise shall and may order the several and re jjpe&ive officers of excise concerned in the examination and purchase of such paper to be paid, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty thefein, one moiety of the rest 2 maindcr

*3° Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.24. 117th;

mainder of such overplus, (if any), and the other moiety thereof shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer, towards the sinking fund.

paper makers nd^urt^r *na<fted by the authority aforesaid, That

to give written an cyery person and persons who shall at any time make nonces to the any paper In Great Britain, shall give or cause to be given rio oropcr officers tice in writing at the office for the duties on paper next to the p^ce where such paper shall be made, of their refpe&ivc names hodc, if ore anc places of abode, and of every workhouse, storehouse, room and other place, by him, her, or them respectively made use iit or for the making, drying, or keeping of such paper, or of materials proper to be made into paper, and also of al! the mills, watts, presses, utensils, and vessels, used in the making the same, before they do presume to make any paper; and if any such person or persons who shall make any paper shall neglect to give or leave such notice as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall), for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Paper makers That, from and after the said twenty first day of May one to makcregu thousand seven hundred and eighty one, all and every person lar entries, on anj persons who shall make any paper in Great Britain, shall,

hoults, See.

on penalty of

5ol.

oath, every six weeks, of all paper, Sec. made by them]

on penalty of 301.

once in every six weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of excise, of all the paper, pafteboards, millboards, and fealeboards, by him, her, or them, several ly made fit for use within such six weeks respectively; entries shall contain the just kinds and true denominations, and real quantities thereof, and the value of all such paper as is dharged ad valorem, on pain to forfeit, for every negledf of such entry, the sum of fifty pounds; which entries shall be made upon oath by the makers of such paper, or by their chief workman or servant employed in making the same, or upon affirmation, as aforesaid, to be respectively taken and administered as this act preferibes in cases where the value of unrated paper is to be ascertained as aforesaid: provided, that no maker of paper shall be obliged to go further than the market town next to the place where such paper or such boards shall be made, for the making of such entries, oaths, or affirmations, as aforesaid.

XII And be it further enacted, That all and every other person and persons, who shall make any paper in Great Britain, shall from time to time, within six weeks after he, she, or they, shall make, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said duties for all such paper, pafteboards, millboards, and fealeboards, as shall by or for them refpedvively be made, so as to be St for use or sale, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty.

XILL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nlt^the'hou That aan ever.v the officers of dxcife shall at all times, by day fe, yards, or by night, and if in the night, then in the presence of a con imiu, see*of stable, or other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon his or their request, ro ertter into the house, mill, yard, dying itouse, work houfts, or otha* place, belonging to or used by any

maker

Doties to be

paid within six tyeeks after entry.

paper rankers, and take

Anno y^eo^ prinri^rg^orgii HI. C 14* 231

maker or makers, of paper, pafteboards, millboards, or scale a account of

boards, in Great Britain, and by weighing, tale, or otherwise, as

to such officer or officers (frail seem most proper and convenient, 0 paper' C

to take an account of the kinds and quantities of the paper,

pafteboards, millbqards, and fcaleboards, which shall have been

made by such maker or makers from time to time; and shall

thereof make a report or return, in writing, to the respective and make a

commissioners of excise, or to such personas they shall respec report thereof

lively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true copy of such fjon^0^1 *

report, under his hand, with or for the said makers or paper, if *

such copy shall be demanded, in writing; and such report or return, of the officer or officers shall be a charge upon such maker or makers of paper respectively j and if the said officer shall refuse to give or leave a true copy of his report, in writing, at he time of taking such account, being demanded as aforesaid, every such officer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the spin of forty shillings to such respective maker.

XIV Provided always, That every officer, who shall beem officerstobe powered to make such charge as aforesaid, shall, in the first place, sworn.

be sworn for the due and faithful execution of his office 5 and the oath on that behalf shall and may. be administered by all or any of the commissioners of excise, or by any justice of the peace paper makers ytho shall give to such officers a certificate thereof: and all and ^jkce#cpn^, ft every foqfr makers of paper, pafleboards, millboards, or scale and

boards, respectively, are hereby required to keep sufficient and assist officers just fades and weights, at the place or places, where he or she weighing do make the same, and permit and assist the officer to make use their ltoclu thereof, for the purposes aforesaid j and if any such maker or Penalty on makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, or fealeboard, shall, in ufingfalfe tfre. Weighing of his, her, or their stock or flocks, make use of, weigfat*> qjc cqufe or procure, or suffer to be used, any false, unjust, or inefficient icales or weights, then, and in every such case, the party offending shall forfeit and lose.the sum of one hundred pounds; ?nd if any such maker shall neglejl to keep such feales and weights, ox (frail not permit and assist the officer in using such fcal^s and. weights, he, she, or they, so offending, fhaji forfeit ap*f Jose the sum of twenty pounds.

XV And, for the better preventing of frauds, it is hereby, enabled. That all and every the officers of the said duties shall count o^ma*also be permitted to take an account of the quantities of rags, terialtfor Cordage, and other materials, for making thp said paper, which making paper (frail be in the custody.or possession of any such maker.

XVI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That no maker of paper, pafteboards, millboards, or scale noixo remove boards, charged with the duties by this a eft imposed, shall re their paper, move carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried or vntilthe sent away, any paper, pafteboards, millboards, or fcaleboards, accounr by him, her, or them inde, until such time as the proper of thereof, C ficer shall have taken an account thereof, and of every particular rpam, and bundle of such paper, foto be removed, carried, or sent away j nor shall remove any paper in apy less quantities than in reams, or bundles, nor until every such ream and bundle of

R 3 paper

2 ^

on penalty of 501, and for ttiiure of the paper.

Paper may be removed tiom the mill where made to any other mill, to be sized, C with a proper certificate.

If any paper, &cshallbe lost or damaged in transporting the same to a different part of the kingdom, after the duty is paid, a proportional allowance shall be made to the proprietor, as settled by the quarter lcfii ons.

Amid vicesimo primo Georgii III C 14. £1781;

paper duly marked, as herein after i directed, to denote the charging of the duty payable for the same, upon pain of for fcitingthe sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and every such ream or bundle of paper, together with the package containing the same, and all such pasteboard, millboard, and scaleboard, that shall be found removing contrary tt^tho directions of this act, or without being so Ramped or marked to denote the charging of the said duties, shall be forfeited, am! (half and may be seized by the officer or officers of excise, who shall so find cr discover the same; and the horses, or other cattle, carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels, used in the removing and carrying away any such goods, before the same (hail be marked and Ramped as aforesaid, shall also be forfeited, and (halt and may be seized by any such officer.

XVII Provided always. That nothing in this act contained shall extend to hinder any maker of paper from sending such paper from the mill where made to any other mill, to be sized, or finished fit for use, provided leave for that purpose be first obtained in writing from the commissioners of excise for the time being, and that notice thereof shall have been given to the officer of excise twenty-four hours at the leafi, in order that such officer may attend and take an account thereof 5 and provided such paper be removed with a proper certificate from an office of excise, expressing the quality and quantity; and when such paper shall have been so removed to rhe mill or place where the same is to be sized, or made fit for use, the same shall be under the like directions as to marking and Ramping, and all other matters and things, as if such paper had been finished and sized at the mill where made; and such paper maker shall, for the breach of any of the directions aforesaid, be subject to the like penalty as he would have .been subject to if the said paper had not been removed.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twenty first day of May one thou fanii seven hundred and eighty one, and after the duries by this act imposed on paper, millboards, pafieboards, and fcaleboards, is paid by the maker, if any quantity of paper, millboards, paste boards, or fcaleboards, shall unfortunately happen to be damaged by the casting away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the said paper, millboards, pafieboards, or fcaleboards, shall be transported frotri one part of this kingdom to another within the same, that the justices of the peace of the county, riding, or division, where such accident shall happen, shall at the next general quarter sessions to be held for such county, riding, or division, upon proof of such damage, and of payment of the duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the quantity of the damage done to such paper, millboards, pafieboards, or fcaleboards, by the calling away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the same shall be transported as aforesaid, and an allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a certificate under their bands and Teals of the sum allowed, which allowance shall bear

the

1781.] Anno videfirao primo Georgii III C 24, 233

the same proportion to the whole duties as the said damage shall appear to bear to due v*lue of she said paper, millboards, paste boards, or fcaleboards, before the same was so damaged > upon producing of which certificate to the officer appointed tocolloft the said duties, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said proprietor or proprietors, out of the duties paid for the said paper, millboards, paftefatiards, or (cateboards, so much money as the him certified say the said justices (hah amount unto, or, in default thereof; that the proprietor or proprietors of the said paper, millboards, pafteboards, or fcaleboards, shall and may deduct the allowance so certified out of the next or any other subsequent moneys becoming due from fcich proprietor or proprietors by virtue of this present al

XIX Provided always, and k is hereby enacted by thc authority aforesaid - where any such loss or damage shall Notice to be happen as aforesaid, the person or pcrfbns who shall sustain the f^e&or pre same shall, three days at Lead before the next quarter sessions, vj0o» to the give or leave notice in writing thereof with the collector of ex application to cife of the district ot couodion where such lost or damage shall the quarter happen, andofhisaod their intention of applying, at the next few general quarter sessions of the peace, for an allowance in respect

of fisch damage or loss.

XX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twenty first day of Mayy one paper makers thousand seven hundred and eighty one, every such maker of to give notice paper, whole wockheufe or workhousea is or are situate in any ^tohave1* city or market townhall, at lead twenty-four hours before be ^eir paper, intends to remove any paper, pasteboard, millboard, or. calc Sec. charged board, give, or cause to be given, to the officer of excise under with the duty, whole furwey such maker of paper shall then be, a notice in writing of tfad particular hour or time of thc day when he or she intends to have his or her paper, pasteboard, millboard, or fcalc board, charged, with the duty; and every, other maker of paper, whoso worfchouse or workhousea it not XX are not situate in any city or market townhall, at least forty-eight hours before he or she intends to move any paper, give, or cause.to be given, a like notice ia writing; and in case any such maker of paper shall not, at the hour and time mentioned in such notice, or within doe hour after; produce to the officer all the paper, pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard, . then to be changed with the duty, then every such notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void, and every such; maker.of paper shall be obliged to give a fteih and like notice before he or she shall so remove any fitch goods.

XXL And it isliereby further enacted by the authority afore Officers to str said. That the officer for the duties on paper shall, from time to agweaue time, attend agreeable to the notice to be given as aforesaid; and 0 notw**when and so soon as such officer shall bp at such wotkbouse, or when the Within one hout after, every such maker of papteh, Or his of her are servant or servants, shall, and they are hereby required to pfd the?rftock in ue and bring to such. officer all the pkper, pasteboard; mill tended to be *

R 4 boards charged;

?3*

Penalty on paper makers who shall fraudulently mark any ream or bundle of paper brought to the officer to be charged

Officer to (lamp such as are justly marked.

Penalty on obftrocting officer in examining bundles C

maker

to keep such paper, # *1

Anne vicesimo primo Georgii 111: C *4. £ 17?t.

board, and fealeboard, then intended to be charged; which pa per shall be brought indofed and tied up with strong thread or Axing, in several coarse covers or wrappers, containing one ream nr 'bundle of paper each, and not more or less; and on each such cover or wrapper there shall already be marked or printed by the maker of such paper, or by his or her fervent, i large legible characters, and in words at length, thetruedenomitsation ot the paper therein enclosed, and in which table the lame is rated, if such paper be an enumerated paper; and if such; paper so enclosed, be not an enumerated paper then the true value of such paper shall be markedor printed in manner as aforesaid on the cover orwrapper enclosing the same.

XXII And, to prevent frauds which may bepradtifed by makers of paper, in not putting the true denominations or values respectively on such covers or wrappers, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the officer for the duties on paper, at all times, when any Teams or bundles of paper, tied up in wrappers or covers and marked as aforesaid, shall be brought to him to be charged, to untie and open every or any of the said reams or bundles, and; to take from, and out of any of the quires ip every such ream or bundle, by way of sample, one or more sheet or (heets of paper, not exceeding one sheet out of each choir, paying (if demanded) for each sheet, to.taken away the fom of one penny; and if such officer shall iffifeover in any such ream or bundle any paper or papers of a different denomination, or of different value, than was marked by the maker, or his servant, on the f cover.or wrapper in which.such paper was respectively enclosed, then and in such case every such ream and bundle refpeifkivejy shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Teheed by such offeree; and the maker of such paper shall, for every such offence, forfeit and Jofb the sum of fifty pounds.. .0: .

xxiil. And be it further enabled, That when and so foonas the officer attending to charge such paper (hail besatisfied, that each ream and bundle of paper so broughttobe charged properly tied and enclosed, and that the paper therein.is.really of the denomination or value marked on the coyeror wrapper, he shall. forth with (lamp or mark each and every such ream and bundle, by affixing thereon such mark, (lamp, impression, or device, as the respective conunifltoners of excise shall direct or appoint for that purpose.

XXIV.' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons.shall obstruct or hinder any such officer opening or examining any such ream or bundle of paper, or in taking such samples as aforesaid, or in executing any of the powers or authorities by this act given and granted, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XX Vw And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every ipaker of paper as aforesaid shall, from time to time, keep all ttie paptr, part e board, millboard, and fcalcboard, by

, - hi ip,

1781.) Anrio rtccfimo pwiq Gkorgh 111.-0*24. 135

him, her, or them respectively madev and which shall not have hat not been been charged and (parked 3s aforesaid by the officer for the du ties on paper, separate and apart froqi all other paper and other from all commodities aforesaid which hatjfi bfeo charged and. marked by other (tock the said officer, for the space of. forty-eight hours after making which has the same fit for use, unless such, paper and other the; goods lad*mentioned shall have been sooner charged and walked by the faer/ ^

said officer, on pain of forfeiting tfietum of twenty pojindsfor, each offence., : .; t >

XXVI And berit further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on

That if any such: maker of paper ffiajl fraudulently hide or con fraudulently ceal, or cause to be hid or concealed apy paper, pasteboard, mill coiurealmr; board, or scaleboard, chargpabieby this act, or any materials for jr

nuking the same, to the intent to deprive his Majesty of his any materia just duties by this act granted, the party so; offending (nallj.for for making'every such offence, forfeit and lofethe Aim of fifty pounds; the same, and all paperr paft^hoard, millboard and fealeboard, whether

periled or imperfe&» ?nd all materials and uteniils for making ihelame, which dull be found, so concealed, or which shall be found and discovered in aqy privateyvorkbouse, warehouse, dryr ingrpom, or other place, for making, keeping, or dryiqg thp lame, for which nq entry.shall be made, or notice given, ; as by the statutes in Xpch c*fe made is required*.fh$)l be forfeited, an (hailed may be feiz^d by any qfficek^dr officers of, excise;

And be h further enstded by the authority aforesaid, The whole

That all the paper, pasteboard, mjjlboard, and fealeboard, and all stock in trade the materials and, utensils for the making thereof, in the jcuftody ofpapw^mak of m makeror. ma^css thereof, pr of ny person or p, rf«>s to a, tfiepfeof, ortn trust for them^pr qpyof them, shall b4qj liable amj duties on am) fuj>jed to, and arehereby madech ratable with, ail the debts paper, paste 204! duties for p?per, p^ftehoard, miuhbsn df and fealeboard made,

in^rrear and^jqgby such ma&ei; makers for any suchgoqds adcbyt "e, n forjoade by him, pgr, or them, or in his, her, or thejr workhouse,

warchpyfe, qrptfier place; apd, shall alfct be. subjea to all penalties and(qf|citi)res incurred by such maker or makers of paper, pr other perionfo ugng such wqrkhouse or other place, for any offence ag^inft this act relating to the said duties, on paper, pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard j and it shall and may be .lawful in all such cases to.k*y, ; tfebts and penalties ape such proceedings .as may lawfully be dqne in relation tojpaper, ]; r

ia^the; debtors or offenders were true lawful owners or the (ames.. #

XX VIIJ. And be it further criaded by the authority afore Com million fcid, That the commrifioncrs for managing; the duties on p*per ers to provide made in Great Britain shall, on or, before the twenty first day of stamps for May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, provide pro camping such per stamps, marks, fitppre(iions, or devices, for marking or lamp j^j, b.c.. ing of all paper tp.be made in gnat.britain, and by this act duty is paid; directed to be stamped or marked, to denote the duties charged thereon; and shall cause such (lamps, marks, impfessions or devices, to be distributed to the respective officers for; he pur a poses

and also different ft amp for tamping au lock in hand made before the commencement of this

ar

All paper, at the end of two months from the commencement of this act, that (halt be removed from one place to another without a proper stamp, shall be forfeited.

Penalty on counterfeiting any stamp made in

Anno ricefim© prinio Georgii Ilf. C 24. £ 17j r,

poles before mentioned, which officers are hereby enjoined ami required, in doing the same, to do no hurt or damage to the paper enclosed in any ream or bundle to be so marked or stamped; which marks, impressions, or devices, or anyof them, shall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered as the said respective commi(fioners shall judge to be most proper for the pw* poses aforesaid.

XXIX And, for the mote effectual securing the duties by this act granted, and to the end that the paper made in Grtci Britain before the commencement of this act may net he improperly seized, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the respective commissioners of excise shall, on or before the twenty first day of May, one thoufartd seven hundred and eighty one, provide proper marks or (lanips for marking BLOCK of paper in the hands of any maker or makers of paper, or in the hands of any other person of person for their use, and shall at ah times, within two months from the commencement of this act, at the request and desire of any such maker or makers of paper, order and direst the proper officer for the dta ties on paper to (lamp or tnark each and every ream and bundle of paper which shall have befen made in Great Britain at my titne before the commencement of this act, and then remaining in the custody or possession of such maker or makers, or of any other person or personsfor (heir use, with such mark, stamp, impression, or device, as to such commissioners shall appear mod proper for that purpose; such Mark, impression, stamp or device, differing from the mark, (bmp, impression, dr device, hereby dircfted to be provided for damping and marking paper made after the said twenty fitft day of May one thousand feveq hundred and eighty one; proof being first made, tipon oath, that all such paper was really and few pit made in Great Britain before the commencement of this act, and that the duties lave been duly charged thereon; and all paper (b marked and stamped, in pursuance of such orders and dirtftions, fhsll and maybe removed, sold, and disposed of, in like matinef as if the same had been made since the commencement of this act, and ah the directions thereof fully complied with, anything in this act tq the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX And it is hereby sort her enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the end of the fajd two months, ail paper in reams or bundles, 'that shall be found removing from one place to another within this kingdom, without foot respective marks, stamps, impression, or device, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise who Stall so discover or find the same.

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall at any time counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any such stamp, mark, Impression, or device, which shall be provided and made use of in pursuance of this act; of shall utter, vend, or feh, any paper with such counterfeit, stamp, mark, impression, or device

'' thereon,

1781.] Anno Vicesimo primo Georgii III. C 44.'

hereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or shall, upon f "»ncef|jhi* any ream or bundle of paper which has not been duly entered k ", n8 with the proper officer, and for which the duties have been du m£jced witha ly charged, six or place any cover or wrapper, having thereon counterfeit the impression of any stich stamp, mark, imprelfion, or device j ttai "pic or shall, wrap or cover any ream or bundle of such paper in any cover or wrapper that had been used before; then' every such, so offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit.... and lose the sum of five hundred pounds, dnd shall also be com..: ..: , -

to the next county gaol, there to remain for twelve months'"

without bail or ffiainpnze.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or board) C tor persons who shall have actually .paid his majesty's duties by this which te da ad payable upon paper, pasteboard, millboard, or fcuteboard, northeast have been made in Great Britain; and to and for any other person and pawed)on persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intirted unto, any such pa gim^toeurity per or goods lad mentioned, so made in Great Britain, from the that it (bail person or persons who a&ualty paid the duties for, the same, to ** rc**n "* export such paper, paftcboard, millboard, or scaleboard, to any*' puts beyond the seas by way of nverchandiiti giving'urfficient security before the shipping thereof, that the particular quantity so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be relanded or brought again into any part of Great Britain; which security the collector at the port of exportation shall take in his majesty's name, and to his

tife. -

XXXIII Provided always, That if, after the shipping of'any such paper, or other commodities last mentioned, and (lib perse be

or tendering such security as aforesaidi in Order to obtain islanded in rawback herein after mentioned, the same, or aqypart Great Britain, thereof, shall berelandcd in any part of Great Britain, 4>acthen h.lhidl be far and in every such case, over aha above the penalty of thehond, ft, ted which fliati be recovered and levied to his majesty's uft, all the hid paper and commodities Which shall bp foyrel?acted, or.

the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XXXIV And it is hereby ertacted, That the person who Drawback to shall so export any such paper, pasteboard, millboard, or scale beafiowedon board, as aforesaid, shall or may make proof upon path or by tfoanation respectively, as aforesaid, that the duties thereof have mfteboanc*btttf paid, (which oath or affirmation the collector who received sc. on the«thie uid duties is hereby empowered and required to adminifier) j portwvnwk snd thereupon the collector or commissioner df the said port SI of exportation shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, paid, expressing the true qualities and kind of the commodities so exposed i and the exportation thereof being certified jay the Marcher upon the said debenture, the collector of cyclic appointed to receive the duties upon paper^so the county or place where the lame was exported, upon producing the said debenture so certified to him, shall forthwith pay, to the person so exporting the foae, op hie agent, the whole of the duties which had been paid

C

3y

^38 Anno vjccfirno primogeorglt HL g.24. f 1781-

^ for the said paper so exported as aforesaid; , if such collector Yhal) not have mpney, iq husbands to pay such debenture, then the respective comapiffioners for, the duties on paper are hereby required to pay, or cause to be. paid, the said debenture, out of /, V any moneys arifihg from thedupes imposed by tips a ft on paper made m Great Britain.

XXXV And, the more effectuallyto prevent, the relanding Exporter to such .paper, be it further epafted by the authority aforesaid, thevw/of That, from and after the t^pfy first day of May one thousand ficerof the seven hundred and eighty ooe*.all and every person that shall customs when export any paper for which a drawback is to be allowed by this and where he aft fh^h, before he qr they ship any such papery give notice in the*^s^' writing to the proper officer or officers of the customs, to be exported appointed by the respective commissioners of the customs for.. that purpose, when and wherjfbe will put up the said goods in'order to be exported; anefthe laid commifliioners of the customs dirc&ion* for^hereby im'powered and directed to cause such officers to take bdo^afficera. case t0tee that the stamp, mark, impression, or device, put on. K. eac^ ream or bundle of paper, according to the directions of^this act je taken off from every ream pr bundle so intended to be" exp^rted^ aria the said qfficet shall take an account of the quanthrcf anjd mds of the gopd$ so intendpd^tpbe exported, fend.mslceq^urp thereof to the officer that shall be appointed by the said cbiwfiffionerv to receive the same without fee or reward for so doing.,

XXXVL And be it further enacted by the. apthprity afore

ing (baij, pr every such offence reflectively, Forfeit and lose the sum ot fifty bpundi.

..*XXVII 'And be it further enacted by the authority afore

All the powers said, Tljat all nd every, the powers, directions, rules penalties, granted by forfeiture?, ftiiufe$*iriatters. and things, which In and by an act, for^evvlnx made in the twelfth year oi the reign of ifcirig Charles the sc cojlo6bpg, 4w. cond, (entitled An al fir'taking away the, eoiir^ of wards and the duties of tiveriis, and tenures n crfpite and by knights service and purveyance excise on beer, end for settling a revenue upon bfofyldjejiy in lieu thereof), or by be*ra&ifahn y other law^riaw in force relating to his majestyv revenue of

otherpenahies orprovisions arelpade and prefchbed by this act), (half be pfaftjfed, 'Used? ahd'butvm execution, in and for the managing, Yaiflng, levying, cpfle$irig, mitigating, recovering apd paying the said duties upori papes, ahd othtir the commodities last fflenfidhed, hereby''gracted, is fully arid effectually as if all and every the said powers, 'rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, tnatters, ind things, werp particularly repeated so this prefem aft; . XXXVIII And

1781.]: /$nho Vieefimo pfiche osortni ifr c.44. fj9

XXXVIII And be!it farther enacted by the authority a sore

feid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the Penalties and

said duties by this act imposed upon paper, and upon pasteboard: :

and scaleboard, shall bofuerf for, levied, recoveted, or Covered and

mitigated, by such ways, means and methods, as any penalty or applied.

forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws

ofexcise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in

any of his majest/s Courts of record at wejlminjitk or in the

court of session, court of judiciary or court of exchequer, of

Scotland respectivcty, as aforesaid arid that one moiety of every

such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (the said penalty on'thef officer »

for not giving or leaving a copy of his charge as aforesaid, only

excepted) shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and focceflbrs, and

the other moiety to him or theitt that (halt dtfeover, inform, or

fuefor the same. j.), ; ** r.. _ '

Provided always, and it is hereby eifoftefd, That commifroners

such persons as in purfuancoof this act shall be comihiffioners under this act for the said duties on the fever?! sorts of paper, andothetthe England, commodities last mentioned, to be toad in England Wales', 2nd ^e°^wera the town of Berwict'vpon Tweed, shall h&tetheftracjurifiiiftiort, as the com power, and authority, and may adjudge; ? determine, mitigate, missioner of and order, in all cases and matters relating to the same duties excifeupon arising within the limits aforesaid, as the commissioner9 of ex °*"cr

eifeupon beer and other liquora may or can lawfully exercise, q adjudge, determine, 'mitigate, or order, in the like ©afosor mat

ters in relation to the fold duties of excise, by any laver statute now in force.

XL Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, for the encouragement of learning, so much A drawback money as shall from time to time be paid for the: duties granted to be allowed by this act for any quantities of paper which shall be ufod in the printing any books in the Latin, Greet, oriental, or northern cambridgefor languages, within the two Univerfitiea of Oxford and Cambridge, all books they or either of them, by permission of .the vicechancellors of the shall print In same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in Latin, Greek, manner following; (that is to say), The chief manager of the C prese in each of the said univerfuies, shall and may from time to time make proof by oath, in writing, before the vice-chancellor, who is hereby empowered to administer the same, expressing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper soused, anefhow much the duties thereof, payable*hy this act, doth amount to; which said oath in writing being certified by the vice-chancellor, and produced to the lord treasurer, or commissioners of the treat fury for the time being, the said lord treasurer or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall forthwith from time to time issue his or their orders or warrants to the respective commissioners who.by this act are to manage the duties upon paper, *to cause payments be madcof such money as thedu tics payable by this act for the paper soused in the printing of J

the said books in the said univerfuies as aforesaid shall amount % to, the same payment to be made, without fee or charge whatsoever.

*49 Anno tkxfitrto prim Georgii III C 14. [178t.

fotver, and without delay, to such person or persons at the said respective vicechancellors shall authorise and appoint to receive the (ante, out of any of the duties upon paper anting by this act j anything in this aid contained to the, contrary notwitb' (landing.

xll. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Drawback to aforesaid, That, for the encouragement of learning (o much as be allowed the shall from time to tinscbe paid for the duties granted, by this act Scotlandfor or any <lu*nt't'** of paper which shall be uied in the printing all frwfrt they any books in the Latin, Goriental, or northern languages, ihsil print in within the universities of Stetland, or any of them, by perroijfion Latin, Greek, of the principal of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn *** bank and repaid in manner following $ (that, is to say). The

chief manager of the profs in the said universities shall and may from time to time make proof by oath, in writing, before the principal, who is hereby empowered to admihiftcr the same, expressing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper soused, and how much the duty thereof payable by this act doth amount to t which oath in writing being certified by the said principal and produced, the lord treasurer of Greet Britain, or the lords commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall forthwith, from time to time, ifliie his or their orders or warrants, to the refpe&ivc commissioners who by this act are to manage the duties upon paper, to cause payment to be made of so much moneys as the duties upon the paper soused in the printing of the said hooka in the find universities of Stetland shall amount to j the lame payments to be made, without any fee or charge whatsoever, and without delay, fofach person or persons as the said respective principals shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the duties upon paper arising by this act in Stetland; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Mteboard XLII Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That "hidiha?midi pe^oa^ made in Great Britain of paper which shall have paid die duty, not the duties charged and chargeable by this act, shall not be to be charged charged with any further or other duties, by virtue of this act, again. upon the pasting or annexing together the (heets of such paper, and its receiving thereby the denomination of palteboard or passed paper.

Persons sued XLIII And it i hereby etiaded. That if any person or per.

fs ** molested, or prosecuted, for anything done

may plead'the ty yhtue or in pursuance of this act, such person and persons general iltue, shall and may plead the general issue, and shall give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff shall dil continue his action, or be nonfoited, or judgement shall be given against him upon demurrer or otherwiie, then such defendant and recover or defendants (halt have treble coda to him.er them awarded treble costs. sgainft such plaintiff'.

TABLES

TABLES mentioned and referred to in this Act.

FIRST TABLE. yaliw/<rrt*fn, Not exceeding Duty

and the sir

DENOMINATION. - - upwards. pimenfions of Ream. \

WUTIKO. C 4. Inches Inches /- L

Imperial — — — 1. 11 0 it by 30490

Super Royal - — — 1 18 f *7 i 6 9

Royal — — — 190 f 24, 5' 0

Medium — — — — 1 2 .6 2*1 4 0

Demy — — 0 16 .0 20 2 9

Thick Post — —; — — >3 0 Sf t 2 3

Thin Post — — — — 10 0. 'if L 1 9

Small Post — — — — 7 6 *3? 16! I 3

Pools Cap — — 0? 0 *3? >6* 1 6

Pott — — 0 6 0 its *5* 1 0

SECOND TABLE. 1 - :

Writing or copper plats

Printing,

Doable Atlas — — — *5 0' 0 55 i 30 0

Deaf — — — 0 ta e 20 1 9

Copy, or Bastard — — — 7 6 16 i 1 0

fooucap — — — 0 6 0 II i 0 10

Littris Fools Cap — — 0 6 0 13 i i 0 10

Pott: -* — 6 4. 0. 12| 151 0 8

Grad Eagle, or Double Elephant 4 P 0 26i 40 11 0

Lolombicr — — 2 (O 0 t 34t 7 0

Atlas — — — 3 0 0 z6i 34 10 0

Atlas — — — 2 0 0 26^ 34 6 6

Small Atlas — — — 1 10 0 i; 3« 5 0

Imperial — — 1 10 0 22 3o4 4 9

Soper. Royal — — — 1 5 0 II *7» 3 6

Long Royal — — 1 0 0 27i it 3 0

Royal — — — 0 18 0 II *4 2 6

Demy — — — 0 ij 0 17 22 1 9

Short Demy, or Crowns — j 090 514 < or toil 1 3

L _ _ I ls 20 S

Large Fan — Small Fan — — 0 0 H 11 0 0 i aa 2qi 13i 2 1 0 6

Elephant — — — 0 S 0 *3 *28 2 3

Paper for Bank or Bankers Bills

ear Notes, allowing Two Bills or Notes in each Sheet, and foin

Proportion for any greater or V

leu Number of Buis or Notes

in each Sheet, — 2 0

THIRD TABLE. DENOMINATION.''1 j -^Value ter Bundle, and upwards. f Not exceeding Dimensions of Duty F Bundle.

Printing. C J.. d. Inches Inches /. i

Double Demy — — — T ib 0 26 tyr s 6

Royal — — 1 1 4 — 0 CI 3 6

I Royal inferior — — — O n 0 Jao 26 3 *4? 1 0

Medium — — - — 1'0 — 0 >8. *3 t 9

Demy Single — — | O *7 - -0 f7: — 22 1 or, C t 6

Demy inferior — — O VO 0 *7* -82 1

Double Crown — — — O 17 -0 20- 30 2.«

Double Crown inferior — — O 12 0 20 30 1 si

Single Crown — — — O *3 0 'S 20 2 a

Single Crown inferior — — O 8 0 >5 20 t J

Demy tiltue — — — 0 8 O: i 22 1 }

Crown Tissue — — — 5 O s 20 0 19

Double Pott — — — 09O *7 1 6

FOURTH TABLE. -- - DI

Ordinary and Coloured. Cartridge — — — -- 21 26 Re I ft IN «

Square — —'- i Si 2 & 6 I

Cartridge — — Elephant common — — —*— *3, *4 2*" 1 1

Sugar Blue — — — — LI 33 2 C

Sugar Blue, smaller Size — —'— - 18j *7 1 1

Sugar Blue, Demy Size — — — *7* n 1

Sugar Blue, Crown Size — > — >5 20 1

Purple Royal — — —*— i *4* 1 9

Blue Elephant — — 33 28 1

Blue Royal — — 2 *

Blue Demy and Bloflom — — p — 17 22 i

Blue Crown Single —: ST, 20 0

FIFTH TABLE. DENOMINATION. Not exceeding the Dimensions of Duty Ream.

, Whited Browns, and Browks.

Inches Inches 4.

Royal Hand Thick — - — 24 by 19^ 0 10 sirbundle.

Royal Hand — — — — 24 igi 1 0

Lumber Hand — — —'— — 23 l8 1 0

Double Two Pound — — —, 24 l6 .0 9

Single Two Pound — — — — l6 II 0 4

Middle Hand Double — — 33 21 1 6

Middle Hand — — — — 22 16 0 9

Small Hand Double — — — — 32 20 1 0

Small Hand — — — — i *6 f 12 IO 7 0 6

Couples Pound and Half Pound — — 3 and t C9713 0 per R 4 earn.

Imperial Cap — — —; ' — 29 22 1 0

Ha von Cap — — — — 24 20 0 9

ag Cap — — — — 23t >9 0 8

Kentish Cap — — — — 21 18 0 6

Four Pounds — — — —. — 20 16 0 6

Small Cap — — — — 20 15 33 ao 0*4

. Double Four Pounds — — — 1 0

- Single Two Pounds — —*— — 16 -. it f 12 10 7 sjrbundle.

0 I 6

Couples Pound and Half Pound — — 3 and t 0 14.

Paiteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Glazed I97*3 per Hund. Weight.

Paper for Clothiers and hot prefters — —. + 1 1 6

Vot. xxxiit. S CAP.

z44 Am vicefiraoprhno Georgii III c.25, 26. [17s1.

CAP. XXV

An at to indemnify such persont as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments j and Co indemnify justices of the peace, or others, Who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time lor those purposes $ to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be itamped according to law or Jiaving been damped, have been tailor roiflaid j and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits oi the execution of indentures of clerks to attormes and folicltort.

Preamble. Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to A 1 Geo. 1, Act 13 Car. z. Ad 15 Car. a, Ad 30 Car. a, Ad 8 Geo. 1, Ad9Geo. a Ad x8 Geo. 1* and act.6_geo. 3, . before the parting of this act; and who shall, on or before Dec. 15, 178s, qualify themselves, fhiu be ipdemnified against forfeitures. Not to indemnify any person lor any penalty incurred by neglecting'to qualify himself. Not to exempt justices adihg without legal qualification. Persons producing appointment and admissions before Dec. s5, 17*1, shall be confirmed, and qualified to ad as clerk, officer, or member of corporations, See. may enjoy all offices into which they have been elected; and rtiall be indemnified Irons all pdiaities and damages incurred by reason of omissions. v_hlot to expend toreftore "persons to atw office avoided by judgement. Persons who shall camfe affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1781* aoe indemnified and discharged from penalties. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be la demnified, may plead the general mue.

CAP. XXVI

, An act to permit goods, theproduft or manufacture of certain placet

within the Levant or Mediterranean seas, to be imported into Great Britain, or Ireland m British or foreign vejjek from any place whatsoever; and for laying a duty on cotton and cotton wool imported into this kingdom in foreign hips orvtfels, during lie present hojlilities.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS bywi aft ofparliment made in the twelfth year Recital of the VV of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An a navigation act for the encouraging andlncreafing of shipping and navigation, is Car. a. all goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Africa, Asia, or America, or any part thereof are to be imported and brought into the kingdom of England, Ireland, or Wales, the ijlanis of Guernsey and Jersey, or town of Bar wick upon Tweed»Ihipping, or other shipping belonging to some of the aforesaid places, whereof the master, and three fourths of the mariners at leas, are English, and are not to be shippedand brought fromaot other place or places, country or countries, but only from those of tap said growth, production, or manufacture, or from those ports when the said goods and commodities can only, or are, or usually have been firs shipped for transportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty and forfeiture of the ship and goods, excepting in some particular cases provided by the said acl: and whereas, by the find in part recited act, it is also enacted. That no goods or commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Muscovy, or of... a any

tyb1#] Anno vicesimo prime Georgii III C 26. 245

fifty f the countries, dominion; , or territories, to the great duke or

emperor of Mbfcovy or Russia belonging; as dlfo that no fitts of / '

jmf s, timber, or boards \ no'foreign sap, piteh, iar, rofm, hemp, or

fiax, raijins/fgsy prunes, ol 'rbe oils; no sort of corn or gttiin*fugav't

pot ashes, wines, vinegar, or/pints caned Aqiia Vitae, or Brandy

Wine, flail be imported into England, Ireland, Wdlesi of tmn

Berwick upon Tweed, inanf hip dr ships, Vejfil or vtfehibul ih '1

facb as do truly, and without fraud, belong to the people thertbf, dr

same <rf them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof # < >'

the ntaster, and three fourths of the mariners at' least, dr Edgltfh;

and that no currants, or commodities of the. growth, product, or met,

of any of the countries, islands, domtnbns, or territories..

the Ottoman or Turkirti empire belonging, flail be imported into

any of the fore mentioned places in any slip or vejfclbtit Which dr of

jlnpjfti bjtilt, and navigated as cfoye/aid, and in no Otherr esieepiokt)

facb foreign ships and vejfelsas are of the built of that country Ot place

of which the said goods are the growth, product tort, or manufacture

respectively, or of such port where the aid goods'can only be, or most

ujually are first slipped for tranfportatibn, ahd Whereof the dndferi

and three fourths of the mariners at leas, are of the aid country tir '

place, under the penalty and forfeiture of slip and goods e and whereas

fever/a of the articles in the jdid aft, and heiyw^before particularly. r

enumerated, being the growth Or production Of fibte bf the plates or .....

ibutftfies Within the Levant or Mediterraneanfins, cannot be now imported direftlyfrom thence jvbritish vejfils without great hazard of

capture by the enemies, and much expence'of infirame to the merchants trading tokthis kingdom \ and 'it has been found ncccffary, during he r: :

bo/iilities with France, Spain, and ihe fates general of the United Provinces, ^temporary laws which are now in forte, to sit fpetid, in some degree, theflrift regulations prtferibed by the said recited act; and'it'isfurther expedient, for the encouragement of trade and the increase of the public revenue, to permit, for a limited time, ten dtr certain 'refriftiotis, various articles of the growth, productions or maniffafture, of Turkey or Egypt, and other goods and commodities v>bich are enumerated in the before recited act, which are of the growths ptodust, or manufacture, of places or countries within the Streighrs or Levant Jeas, to be imported into this kingdomv or thg kingdom of Ireland, in foreign vefjels, although such goods are not slipped and brought dir eftly from the place or country of their growth, production, or. manufacture, or from the ports or places from whence such goods are, or usually have been, sirs slapped for transportation: it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and bfe it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cothmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of June, After June t, one thousand seven hundred and eighty open, it shall and may be 17**1 lawful for any person or persons admitted into, and made free^of, the company of merchants of England trading into the Levant comp?mrmay seas, commonly called or known by the name of The Turkey injportinto Company, to import into Great Britain or Inland any goods or Gicat Britain

§ 2 com gc tolacd an

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 2 [1781*

jesty.

What duties shall be paid for goods so imported.

goods usually commodities which have heretofore usually been imported from imported from 7#^ or Egypt) or from any place within the dominions of the eithertn Bri grand seignior within the Levant Teas, in any ship or vessel built tioi ships, or or belonging to. Great Britain or Ireland, navigated accord ships belonging to law; or ip any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or jug to any state jn amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated with his^a? f°rc*6n seamen, from anv port or place whatsoever, upon payment of the same duties, it imported into Great Britain, as the like goods would be fubiedt and liable to if imported in briti/b ships directly from the place of their growth, production, or manufacture; but if such goods shall be imported in any foreign built ship or vessel, then, and in such case, the goods so imported shall be subject to the aliens duties, if such goods would have been subject and liable thereto if this act had not been made; anything in the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL Provided always, and ft is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no entry shall be fuffeted to pass at the custom house for any such goods of the growth, production, or manufacture of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the dominions of the grand seignior, as before the first day oijune* one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, might be imported only from such ports or places in the Streigbti or Levant seas as are' within^the dominions of the grand seignior, and which, by the autho ing free rity of this act, are permitted to be imported in manner afore; Turkey said, until the person importing or entering the same hall produce to the coliedor, or other proper officer of his majesty's customs, at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand of the coliedor of the duties for the said Turkey company, certifying such person is free of the said company, and that he has paid the duties imposed on such goods by the said company, and has conformed in all respects to the rules and regulations of the said company relative thereto.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, any goods or commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture of any place or country within the Streigbti or Levant seas, which have been heretofore usually imported from any port or place in Europe, within the (heights of Gibraltar, except such goods or commodities as 1*= might heretofore be imported only from such ports or places as ionging to any re within the dominions of the grand seignior, shall and may, it ate in amity during the continuance of this act, be imported and brought, with his Ma by any person or persons whatsoever, into Great Britain or Ireland from any port or place whatsoever, not being within the dominions of the grand seignior, in any ship or vessel, bgilt in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to law, or in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state w, amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated with rbalm^c paid foreign mariners; upon payment of the same duties, if imported for fi.cfi*into Xjreal Britain, as the like goods would be fubjc£t ahd liable V d. to

No entry to pass for any goods the growth of Turkey, See. until the importer shall produce a certificate of his bein, of the company, Seel

After June i, 1781, goods usually imported from the Mediterranean, may be imported in biitish ships, or ships be

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 26. 247

to if imported directly from the place of their growth, produ&i on, or manufacture, excepting drugs of the growth of, or which have heretofore been ufualty imported from, Turkey or Egypt, pr any of the dominions of the grand seignior within the Levant seas, which, if imported by any person or persons not free of the Turkey company, shall be liable to the like duties as they would have been liable to, if not imported directly from the place of their growth and production, if this act had not been made; pnd if any such goods (hah be imported in any foreign built ship or vessel, then and in such case the goods so imported shall be subject to the aliens duties, if such goods would have been fub jecfc and liable thereto by law if this act had not been made; anything in the said recited act, or any other act or acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore All cotton and said. That for and upon all cotton and cotton wool, whifch shall fotton"°°* be imported into this kingdom in any foreign ship or vessel,

ikpfa unfa kie C ____9

down in ready money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever; apd shall be also subject and liable to an additional impostor duty of five pounds per centum, in the same manner as ^ditsona?16 the additional duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Juty o^by an act made in the nineteenth year of hi present cent, agreea majesty reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty adit ble to cap. 45, tional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the manage of the *oth ment of the respective commissioners of the fujiom and excise in Great Britain. jesty.

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore w drawback said. That no part of the said duties herein before granted shall tobeahowed be repaid or drawn back upon the re exportation of the said on the re excotton or cotton wool; and the said duties shall be railed, levied, portation of collected, recovered, and paid, ip such manner and form, and C "on F. by such ways and means, and under the like penalties and for co on feitures, as the duty of customs, commonly called The Old Sub

ftdy% is raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and is subject or liable to by any act or acts of parliament nqw in force, (except where any alteration is made by this act), as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, and provisions in such acts had beep repeated Duties to be and enacted in the body of this present act; and the said duties paid into the herein before granted (nail from time to time be paid into the «chcquer, receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, diftincuy and apart from all c other branches of the public revenue, and shall be (b kept apart How to be in the said receipt of exchequer as a fund for the encouragement applied of the growth of cotton in his majesty's Leeward islands, and for encouraging the importation thereof into Great Britain, in such way and manner as parliament shall hereafter direct.

VI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Continuance aid, That this act shall continue and remain in full force during of this act.

S 3 the

24$, Anno vicesimo pfimo Georgii III C 27.. [ir.:

he prcfcrtt hostilities with France, Spain, and the dates general of the United Provinces, or either of them.

CAP. XXVII

A act to permit, during the present hostilities, the importation of goods, the produce of the plantations of the crown Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portuguese vejfels\ and the importation of certain other goods, therein enumerated, in any neutral ships and vessels.

Preamble. XT' II ER E AS several articles cannot, by reason of the present VV hostilities, be imported in British shipping, navigated according to the laws now in force, without great hazard and expehce to tty importers thereof: and whereas yt will tend to the general accom violation and advantage of the trade and manufactures of this kingdom if some temporary relief be given in the premises; for remedy whereof, ; may it please your majesty that it maybe enacted; ami be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and.consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembjed, and by the frommay ifj authority of the same, That, from and after the twentyrflrrf day 1781. Porrn of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and durj. ^t^hctrn continuance f this act, it shall and may be lawful for

ponectinto any pcrf°n or persons to import any goods or commodities, of great Britain the growth, production, or manufacture of any island, colony, or or Tttland in plantation, belonging to, or under the dominion of, the crown

into Great Britain or Ireland, in any Ship or vessel vc C s belonging to any of the subjects of the crown of Portugal, from

any pprt or place in Portugal, or the western islands, commonly called The Azores or Madeira 1 funds; any law, cuilom, or usage, the contrary notwithstanding.

II And it is hereby further enacted bv the authority aforefaief,

ini °^8 rom aru* aler twenty first day of May, one thou

ptnethntny send seven hundred and eighty one, and during the continuance neutialvefle.s, of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any person or peffons to import into Great Britain or Ireland all sorts of wool and barilla, and jesuits bark, and linen yarn, from any country of place whatsoever, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or slate in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and fucccflors, navigated by foreign seamen; law, custom, of usage, to the contrary notwithstanding #

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the goods rm authority aforesaid, That such goods as are, in pursuance of this ported in so act, imported into Great Britain, in any foreign ship or vessel, r^ign vessels ^ajj fabjcdl and liable to the aliens and all other duties, in dutie*!°, CDI ^amc manner a they would be liable to by law if such ships

were of the built of the country of which the goods are the growth, production, or manufacture.

Continuance IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore ot this act. ftid. That this act shall have continuance during the present

hostilities

I

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 28. 249

hostilities with Frame, Spain, and the United Provinces, or eithefr of them, and no longer.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment of the duties upon bugles, when wareboufed upon importation into this kingdom; and for obviating a doubt with respect to charging the duties on rum imported from Scotland into the Tile of Man.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fifth year of the reign Preamble..

of his present Majesty, (entitled An act for more effectually supplying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa, with eo

such coarse printed calicoes, and other goods of the pfodudt or manufacture of the East Indies, dr other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain j for encouraging the importation of bugles into, this kingdom j for the better supply of the export trade thereof; and for discontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allowances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thenee to the ljle of Man \) it is among ft other things, enacted and provided. That if such bugles as shall be imported into this kingdom, and lodged and secured its such warehottfe belonging to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as in and by the aid rutted oft is prescribed, Shall not be either exported, or the full duties paid for the same, within five years from the importation thereof, but Shall then continue and be still remaining in the said warehouses, in such case it shall and may be lawful for the tommission ers of the customs for the time being, or any three or more of them, ^

to cause the said bugles, so remaining, to be publicly sold in manner and for the purposes therein prescribed: And by an Other aft, made in the fixteentb year of the reign of his present Majesty, the term granted by the said first recited act was enlarged to ten years: And whereas it has been ujual to export such bugles from this kingdom to Africa in exchange for negroes, to be carried from thence to the british colonies in America, which trade being much interrupted by the dijlurbances and rebellion in several of those coionics, great quantities of such bugles do now remain wareboufed at several ports in this kingdom, and cannot be difpefed of without great loss to the proprietors thereof; and it is therefore expedient to enlarge the time limited by the said recited acts for the exportation of such bugles, or paying the duty for the same: may it therefore plcale your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia meat assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for years further such of the said bugles as have been imported into this king extended for dom before the passing of this at, and lodged and secured in 10 years, In any warehouse belonging to his Majesty, as in and by the said ^1^"^first recited at is prescribed, and still remain unsold, the said ported before term of ten years shall be extended and enlarged for the further the patting of term of ten years, from the importation thereof, anything in this

s4 the &*!*

250 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 29. [1781.

the said acts, or any other law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywile notwithstanding.

II And whereas by an act made in the Jwentieth year of the reign o Geos, C of bispresent Maiejly^ (entitled, An act for granting to his Mata, lepited. jcfty several additional duties upon certain goods imported into the isle of Man; and for better regulating the trade, and securing the revenues of the said island); it is, amongst other things, enacted, That, from and after the fijtb day of July, one thousandjc* vcn hundred and eighty, the comnuffioners of his Majesty's cuflams in Great Britain respectively, or any three of them, Shall and rtusy grant licence to any of his Majesty's subjects to export, from any port England .into the port of Douglas in the Isle of Man, thirty tbaujoni gallons of rum, the produce of the British plantations; and from any port of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, ten thoufwd gallons of such rum, in one year, in such manner, and under the jam t regulations in all rejpests, as if the said last mentioned quantity hoi

been originally limited and prescribed in and by an act made in the jo venth year of his present Maje fly's reign, (entitled, An act for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufactures of the Ifk of Man, and for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there vith a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and floor, authorised by an act made in this session to be transported to the said island), injlead of the quantity therein mentioned: And whereas doubts have anfen upon the construction of the said efts, whether rum imported into the Isle of Man, from Scotland, is chargeable with dm same duties as rum imported from England into the said island: Now, to obviate those doubts, be it enacted and declared by the Rum imported authority aforesaid, That all rum which hath been, or shall be mlanlfromcof imported into the Isle of Man from that part of Great Britain scotlandtto ca^c^ Scotland, under the regulations and limitations by the said pay the same acts directed and prescribed, shall be subject to, and pay the like duties as rum and equal duties as are now payable to his Majesty, by virtue of unported from thc aforesaid acts, for and upon rum imported into the said ft**of Man from that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XXIX

An act to continue several laws relating to the opening and eftablhhing certain free ports in the island of Jamaica $ to the allowing the tree in portation ot sago powder and vermicelli from his Majesty's colonies in North America; to the free importation of certain raw hides and Hum trom Ireland, and the British plantations in America j to the allowing the exportation of provi&ons, goods, wares, and merchandise, to certain places in North America, which are or may be under the proccc* tion of his majesty's arms, and from such places to Gfeat Britain and other parts of his Majesty's dominions; to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customsi to tfct preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infcfti on thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in hit Mayeftyl

glantaiions in America s to the preventing the committing of fruity bankrupts; and to revive ana continue several laws relating to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the impowrering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise of copper m bars, or copper in (beets s to the allowing a drawback cr the duties on rum shipped as stores to be consumed on board mcrchaat

ships

1781. ] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.30.'

ships on their voyages; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of firitiih corn and grain in neutral ships.

Preamble. So much of an act 6 Geo. j, C 49, for opening certain porta in the island of Jamaica and Dominica, Sec as relates to the opening certain free ports in Jamaica, further continued until Nov. 1, 1787, C So much of an act 7 Geo. 3, 0. 30, as relates to the tree importation of (ago powder and vermicelli from North America, further continued until Dec. i, 1796. So much of an act o Geo. 3, C 39, as relates to the free importation of raw bides from Ireland and America, further continued until June 1, 1786. 10 Geo. 3, C 46, for allowing the exportation of provifians. Sec. from Great Britain to certain ports. Scc. in North America under his majesty's protection and from thence to any part of his majesty's dominions, further continued until June 1, 178s. Several clau/es in an^aft 5 Geo. 1. C 11, against dandefhne running of uncustomed goods. See. viz (e&iont 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and so, further continued until Sep. so, 178$, See. Act 8 Geo. 1, C 18, to prevent the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infeflion thereby. Scc. further continued until Sep. 29, 17s8: Act 5 Geos, C 24. for encouraging the growth of coffee in a merica, (except such part as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee into apd from the britioi colonies in America, further continued June 14, 1788, Scc. Act 5 Geos, C 30 to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, further continued until Sep. 09, 1785, See, So much of 16 Geo. 3, C 37, as relates to the exportation of wheat, See. to the sugar coionics, island of St. Helena and other settlements in the East Indies, Newfoundland, See, revived, and further continued until May 1,

1782. to Geo. 3. C 59, to prohibit the exportation of copper in barrs or lheets, and alio to rtltrairi the carrying the same coastwise, revived and further continutd until May 1, 1782. So much of 19 Geo. 3, C ss, at relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum Ihipped .as (lores. Sec. revived, and further continued until April 1, 1783. and so Geo. 3, C 31, allowing a bounty cn exportation of britioi corn in ships of foreigners in amity, Scc. and further continued until March 25, 1782.

An act for continuing, and making more effectual, several acts of parliament pa fled for deanfing and making navigable the channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the county of Essex 1 and for repairing and cleaning the (ireets of the town of Colcheiler; and also for lighting the streets and lanes, and for pi eventing annoyances in the ftid town.

Preamble. Recital of an act9and 10 Gal. 3. C 19. Acts 5 Geo. t, C 31. 13 Geos, C 30. 23 Geos, C 19. Further provisions necessary. The recited acts further continued for 40 years. Commissioners names. Qualification of commissioners; lands or tenements of the clear yearly value ot 301. or 6001. personal. Penalty on acting not being qualified, 30i. Corporation of Colchester to continue commissioners, notwithstanding they shall be disabled to ain their corporate capacity. _ Meetings of commissioners to consist of nine; two whereof to beaflingjusticesfor the eastern division of Essex; on three days notice.^Commissioners to repair the hardways across the channel. New commissioners to be chosen by the majority of the surviving or remaining commissioners in the room of such at shall die, remove, or refuse to at. Commissioners to rtpair the banks and walls on each side the river. Proviso, commissioners not anfrerable for accidental damages to lands. Damages done to the banks and w^lls by proprietors of lands, to be repaired by them. Compensation to be made for damage that may be done to East Mill. Penalty on periods damaging the lock, or the walls, banks, and (luices. Clauses in former a remaining farmers of quays from being commissioners, repealed. Ip the town of Colchester water to be conveyed from the roofs of houses by pipes, Scc. at the expense Of occupiers.. In case owners, cof houses neglect to remove incroachments, commissioners to do it, and levy the ex

SIC

a p: XXX

pence

t Anno yidiccrao prime Georgii Iin C 3: 1. f 178*.

pevice on filch owner?, be, To prevent driving carriages and cattle on the foot ways. Lamps to he setup. a&ftment to be made for lighting the town; on occupiers of houses, cof the yearly value of 4i. and upwards (except the tour out parishes of Beerchurch, Greenstead, London, and St. Michael mile end) not to exceed 6d. in the pound. Kate to be levied by dill refs, in case of refusal to pay. Rate for houses from whence persons rateable have removed; 'is to be paid by him and the next comer in proportion to the time each occupied. The landlord to be afltfcd for houses let out in lodgings which may he paid by any tenant and dcdu&ed out of rent. Penalty on wilfully breaking the lamps, or exrmguifhing the lights. First offence s. each lamp broken; second offence double; third offence 41. besides fathfaftion fur damages: or to be committed for one month. A moiety of forfeiture to the informer. Persons accidentally damaging lamps, Sic. to make lati?ta&ion for the same. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distressed and sale of goods; and applied for the purposes of the act as dlrefted by five commlfironers. Any inhabitant may he a fcitnefs though rated. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, dn giving 14 days notice In case the corporation of col chester shall bediftbled to act as faltlees, the powers veiled in them toaeft in the jofticevfbr the county. *0001, old fourh sea annuities (landing m the names of Michael Hills, Thomas Wilfhire and Joseph Keeling, three bf the commissioners in trutt for the purposes of the said several acts may he sold and transferred by the two former. Proviso, that Mr. Keeling's demands thereon he paid out of the duties. exp*nces of this act to be paid out of rhe fund m commissioners hands. Actions to be brought t six months afetr they accrue.'General issue. Double costs. Public act,

CAP. XXXI

Jn act for the better management and collection of the duties upon male servants, granted by an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

Recital of 17 Geo 3, C 39.

Preamble. WHEREAS by an act, made in the seventeenth year of the Sreign of his present Majesty, entitled Art a (ft for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons and bodies politic and corporate, having certain quantities of silver plate, certain duties were imposed upon every mole fervent retained or employed in the capacities in the said act particularly enumerated and mentioned: and whereas one aether act of parliament was made in the eighteenth year of the reign Act 18 Geo. 3, of his present Majesty, for the more effectual levying of the duty C upon servants, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: and

whereas one other act of parliament was made in the nineteenth year i^geo.3. c.59. 0ftbe retgn 0j ]/ls fodpresent Majesty, for amending so much of the said act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned: and whereas the several powers, rules, methods, and regulations, in the said acts prescribed and directed) far afurtaimng% payingr fecuritig% and colliding

r78r.j Afmd vl&fimdf#ifr&gb0ll6n III C jr.' itgj

Ming the said duties, and for pretexting evasion and frauds therein,

hive been form inefficient and ineffectual to secure the payment thereof, and the said duties have been withheld, and the revenue thereby defrauded: for remedy whereof, and for the better fecvrirtg

the die payment' of the said duties, be it enabled by the king'd

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of

the lords /pmtual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament aflbmbled, and by the authority of the same, That, 'From May i

from and after the twenty first day of May, one thousand fever! *eku.

hundred and eighty one, the several powers, rules, methods, lanons, ***!;

and regulations, manner, and time of payment, by thofakirs, of the said

or any of Cbefii, given and prefcrlbed for afcertaiftittg, tecuring,

paying, a rid cotiedftngthe said duties, and all penalties and for

tenures in respect thereof, shall cfcafe and determine, and be no

kmger used, except in all cates relating to the recovery of any except for

arrears which' may at that tim remain unpaid of the said

dutes, or*so arty penalty or forfeiture which shall hare been in 9

curred uport, or at any time before the said twenty first day of

May, one thousand ieven hundred and eighty one; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And, fbr* the better preventing the like frauds and eva/ions, After May and for thr more effectual securing the payment of the said duties', \7*1'

Jbe it further inx&ed by the authority aforesaid. That, from and tobeuoder'after the said twenty first day of May, one thousand seven hun the manage dred and eighty one, such of the said duties as are imposed up meat of the on servants in that part of Great Britain called England, the c?raii^" eri dommion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall England wi be under the receipt and management of the commifltoners and Scotland re officers of his majesty's revenue of excite in England for the spectively. time being; and that such of the said duties as are imposed on servants in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the receipt and management of the commissioners and officers of excite in Scotland for the time being, who are hereby respectively irtipowered to appoint proper officers for colje&ing and receiving the same; and all moneys arising from the said duties (the necessary charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at jveflmirtfler, and shall be applied to the uses and purposes by the said first recited act directed.

III And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That eve Every matter

ry matter or miftrefe who, on the said twenty first day of May, °rum^r^a one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall retain or em (j^ii

ploy any male servant in the capacity of Maitre d*hotel, house employ any steward, master of the horse, groom of the chamber, valet de male servant # butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, confetfion, n *ny.^pac*' er, cook, house porter, footman, running footman, coachman, mo atectfban*

Sroom* postilion, ftabje boy, and the relpedhve helpers in the within das ables of such coachman, groom, or postilion, or in the eapa after, deliver city of a gardener, (not being a day labourer, ) park keeper, %cj?ri£f *lft. game keeper, hantfman, or whipper in, respectively chargeable anta at by the said awhether foci fervahts (hu then be retained or next excite df

craployed fice.

Anno vicesimo primo Georg III C 31., [1781.

'employed in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other

business jointly with one or more of the said capacities ot a fer vanr, shall within forty days after the said twenty first day of Mav, onc thousand seven hundred and eighty one, deliver, or caofe to be delivered, at the office of excise next to the place where any such master or mistress respectively shall then be resident, a correct list, signed by him or her, (or by his or her known steward or agent in which list shall be inserted and specified the true number of male servants by him or her at that time retained or employed, the christian and surname of each such servant, the office, or capacity in or for which each servant is retained or emend shall then ploved; and every such master or mistress shall respectively, at dutici the time of delivering in such list, pay down the duties by the*m laid aft imposed for every male servant so retained and employed.

IV And whereat it. may happen that the commissioners appointed by the said before recited act, made in the jevenieentb year of bit present Majesty's reign, for carrying the said act into execution, may, since the twenty-fifth day of March now lafi poll, have nominated af fejfors for collecting the duties upon servants for the year one thou jand seven hundred and eighty, and such ajfejfors may have given or left the notices or warning to the several masters and mijlrtjfes, as by the said act directed, and some of those masters and miflrejjes may.. have delivered in lists of their several servants, in pursuance of such

brsftflwl" 1 nottcii» w to obv*alc confusion in colleftjng of the said and lift deli duties on servants by the said act imposed, it is hereby further vered in, since enacted and declared. That all such notices so given or left by March *5, any such aflfeflors, and all such lists as may have been delivered Si, to be by any master or mistress in consequence of such notices since the twenty-fifth day of March now last past, shall be null and void; anything in the said before recited act or acts, or in either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. Every master, V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That C who, after every master or mistress respectively, who, after the said twenty ftwdfhe'xi'n to^thousand seven hundred and eighty one,

retain any shall begin to retain or employ any such male servant as afore such servant, said, in any of the said capacities, shall, within twenty days af foall. within ter he or she respectively shall begin to retain or employ any ver a at " such male servant or male servants, deliver, or cause to be deliv the next excise ered, at the office of excise next to the place where he or she office, C shall then be resident, a like list, signed as aforesaid; in which list shall be inserted and specified the true number of male servants by him or her at that time retained or employed, the christian and surname of each such servant, the office and capacity in or for which each such servant is retained or employed; and every such master or mistress respectively shall, at the time of delivering in the said lists, pay down the duties by the said and if be in aft imposed for every servant so retained or employed 5 and if crease the at any time within twelve calendar months after such master or ?uch*fcrvanti mi^rc^s shall have or ought to have delivered in such lists as a he (hail within fore said, be or (he (hail increase the number of his or her male a0 days, deli servants, in any of the capacities before mentioned, then, and

in

't I r ^

Ahnb vicesimo primo Georgii ifl C 31* *5$

in every such case, every such masteror mistress respectively shall, ve^ U9fresh within twenty day afterhe or (he shall have madg^th inesease, ^deliver, or cause to be delivered at the office of excise next to the place where he or she shall at that time reside, a Tike correct list, fiened as aforesaid, and shall specify therein the true number of male servants so increased, the christian and surname of each such servant, the office and capacity in or for which such servant is retained or employed; and such master or mistress re

»fhaij, at the same time, pay down the duties payable servant so increased beyond the number specified in their former lists.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The lists to be That each and every master and mistress who shall have deliv renewed, and ered, or who is obliged to deliver in such list or lists as aforesaid, the duty paid, is and are hereby required, at or within, twenty days after the aanuai jr expiration of twelve calendar months, respectively lifter'the times of delivering, or being obliged to deliver such lists, to deliver a fresh list in manner aforesaid, and pay down the duties accord, /

to the true number of male servants by hirft.or her refpedfc. .«» ively at that time retained or employed iti arty of the capacities before mentioned, and for which the said duty is by. the said first 1

recited al imposed, and in the same manner to renew such list, V and make such payment, from year to year, as 'long as he or t (he shall refpeduvely retain or employ any fudi servant or servants, '

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Howthoferaa that in all cases where any master or mistress shall have diverse fters, caret. houses or places of residence, and shall retain or employ in each toproceedwho such house or place of residence any servant or fervanfs charge have able with the duty by the said act imposed; and in all cases Sena!. ***" where any masteror mistress shall retain or employ, any such servant or servants chargeable as aforesaid, at any place not being the house or place of residence of any such matter or mif treft, every such master or mistress respectively shall, and they are hereby required, within the space of one month after the delivery of such lists respectively, and payment of the said duties, as herein before required, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the office of excise next to each and every such place, and to each and every such house or place of residence, a duplicate or dupli, of every such list or lists so delivered by such matters, ot* roiftresses, such duplicates to be signed as aforesaid, and mentioning at the foot of every such duplicate, the place where such original list or lists shall have been delivered, and the duties paid as aforesaid, upon pain that every such master or mistress neglecting to deliver such duplicates, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

VIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Matter, Sec. That from and after the said twenty first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, if any master or mistress ijfts1?and°to shall at any time retain or employ any Maitre d Hotel, house *entw them steward, master of the horse, groom of the chamber, valet de and make

thambrt, paymentsan

2&6 Apno vicesimo prima Georgii III cf 31. {1781.

, imally^fljall; chamber butler, under by tier, cjdrk of the kitchen, gonfechoner, cookt hdyte pqrter, fodtmati^1 fanning footrtfan? coachman, groom, postilion, table boy, ot helper in the (tables of any coachman, grgom, or poftiftoil, or any gardener, (not being a day labourer jj, par1c^keeper, game keeper, htmtfman, or whip

ter in, on whocp respectively me duty of twenty-one Shillings is y the fai<j recited act impofei}, and shall deceit so make out, sign, and deliver, or capfe to't>e delivered, eorrect lists of the true number of maletervanu by him or her respectiyely retained or employed, in manner and form, and withrn the titheshert in before respectively directed and expressed, and, so make such payments as aforesaid, or having delivered such and made tuch payments, shall not renew such lists and payments yearly,

: in manner and form as aforesaid he or she shall respectively forfeit and lose, for eact) bffepcc, the fqm of twenty pounds.'

IX And it further enacted bv the authority aforesaid. If any matter That if, upon due examination, it mall appear that any such shall neglect to master or mistress shall haye, rieglected to deliver in such lists jftjso 38 arc hercby directed and required; or having delivered, or nit any taxa" caused to be.delivered, any such lists, shall have omitted to in, ble servant in fert therein any servant or ferya, ntsi chargeable, with the duty by bis list, the of the fa id act imposed, any officer bf excise for rhe ftlftrict or place ^r^hi here such matter or mistress fc neglecting to delivtr in theilr donlse formal! tefpecuve lists shall then resute, or where the servant or servants such servants so omitted to be inserted in any such list shall then be retained pmitted. or employed, shall and may, and they are required to charge*1 such re(pe6live matter or mistress for and in respect of every servant

by him or her retained or employed, and so neglected or omitted to be inserted in such lists, as aforesaid; such charge shall not be impeached or fet aide by reason of any mistake or variance in the christian or surname of any such servant, or m klie description of his or their employment, but such charge shall be effectual to all intents and purposes, provided the person or perfoas charged be really a servant or servants, in rclpect of whom the matter or mistress ought to be Charged within the meaning of the said act; and the charge foto be made shall be 'the double duty for every such servant so neglected or so omitted, as aforesaid; which said charge shall be paid by every matter or, mistress. so offehding, over and above any penalty that may be recovered of such matter or mistress for not delivering cotrecl lists in manner and form as by this act is required and directed.

In what cases*X And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au mastertare thority aforesaid. That in every case where the duties required not liable to by the said at to be paid for anv male servant, shall be actually For dehver?ne Pa anc erre ad true lists mall have been delivered in, as uretroncou* before directed, before any information laid for the negkct of lists, Icc. delivering in such list, and. making such payment, although not strictly within the time for that purpose mentioned, no matter or mistress, having delivered in such lists, and made due pay' dent, shall be prosecuted for not having delivered in their lists,

or

d by

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii JU, C 31.

or made their payments within the times xefpoaiv^ Jijnhed by

this act,

XI And it is hereby farther .enabled and provided by the

authority aforesaid, That if any jnafter or miftrefij having delivered in correct lists, and having duly paid the duties for each male servant liable thereunto, according to the true, intent and meaning of this present a, shall die before the end, of the year for which such payment was made; in every futh$afe, it shall and may be lawful for the executor or act^jniftraipr^of fpqh cfer ceased person to retain and employ all or any of, the said servants, for or in respect of whom iuch duty was paid and Jifts delivered as aforesaid, during the refidueof the ye^rj(fof, which such payments shall have been made, in like maqocf, as such defeated person. might have done, if living.,

XII And, Jbe it further; enacted by the authority afofqfeid. That the rates and duties by the feida&impo^

as also all forfeitures and offences made and comqmjted gainst this act, or any clause or article therein contained, shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by such person and peffaqs, apd in such manner and, form, as hereafter in and by thfe t is recd and appointed; that is to say, all pro(ecutioos for thquer covery of the duties by the said act irpposed, and alfeforridl soil femwesund offences made and committed withjn the inyqaredi ate Emits of the chief office of excise in London, shall t heatfl, adjudged, and determined, by the commission^rs^osj^pise, qr the major part of them, or by the commissioners for appeals, qr the major part of them, in case of appeal, and not otherways; and all profequtions for the recovery of the duties bythe said act imposed, and also for all forfeitures and pffeppqf flvkfe and committed within all or any of Jthe counties, flares, and stew artries, cities, towns, or places, within the kingdqtn of Great Britain, shall be heard and determined by any twp, ardm&oi£of the justices of the peace residing near to the place hee such forfeitures shall be made, oroffence committed: ».and if the party finds himself aggrieved by the judgement given tty wo or more justices, he shall and may appeal to the justice jostle peace at the next quarter sessions, who are hereby aqthorjfed and empowered to hear and determine the same, whose judgement therein shall be final; which said commissioners for appeals and regulating this duty, and the said commissioners of excite, and all justices of the peace aforesaid receptively, are hereby authorited and ftrxstly enjoined and required, upon complaint or information, upon oath, exhibited and brought, of any forfeiture made or offence committed contrary to this a, to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance orcontempt to proceed to the examination of the matter of fapt, and upon d C proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath they, or any two or more of them, have hereby power to administer), to give judgement or sentence thereupon, and to award and ifluc out warrants, under their hands,

for

57

Executors,

See. may re

remainder ttwiyeaisfogji feitmumfar; ?. whom the du ty.bw.bmn,

pa, Y tym , decemqa«.«.r..

-: 3.

Prosecutions. under this a, within the LI roit#qfi*h#4x cife office, o be determined by the com midi oners of excise, See.

and, in other parts wfubtr' kingdom, ) bp the justices.

Thfptfffy j cussed to be summoned.

wit«je!lerto1 be examined on oath, . t

On failure of diftrds, offender to he Committed.

Proceedings not to be removed bjr certiorari.

Limitation of altions.

Twenty one days notice to be given before prosecution in any court of re cofd.

commissioners and j unices may mitigate penalties.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be employed.

Persons (bed in execution

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III CI [*781*

for the levying of such forfeitures and penalties as are by this act imposed for any such offence committed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to cause sale to be made of the said goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any be); and for want of sufficient distress, to imprison the party offending for one month, unless satisfaction shall be before made.

XUI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no certiorari be brought or allowed to remove any of the proceedings of the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace refpdtively, relating to the same offences, or any forfeitures or penalties for the same; but that' the determination of the said commissioners of excise, and of the said justices of the peace respectively, shall, in manner and form aforesaid, be final to all intents and purposes 5 anything liefem contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no bill, plaint, or information, shall be brought or sued forth in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for any offence against this statute, within the space of six months from the time such offence shall be committed.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no prosecution shall be commenced in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or court of exchequer in Scotland against any person or persons for, or on account of, any penalty or penalties incurred, or supposed to be incurred, under or by virtue of this act, unless a notice in writing shall have been first delivered to such person or persons, or left at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, twenty-one days at least before such prosecution shall be commeneed; and that such notice shall express the cause for which, and the time when, such prosecution is intended to be commenced and that an affidavit of such notice shall be filed in such court before the commencement of such prosecution.

XVI Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners and justices, where they shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any penalties and forfeitures, in such manner as they shall think fit, the reasonable costs and charges of the officers in the prosecution of the offender being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalty to less than one fourth parr thereof, over and above the said costs and charges; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (all northeast.

. charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be employed, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the difeoverer or informer of the same.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid |

1781.] Anrio vicesimo primo getorgti III C 32. 259

That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued, fholested, Ms or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done in pursuance of, or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing therein ge ra V contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general ifliie, and give this act and the special matter irt evidence in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfulted, or discontinue his, her, or and recover their achon or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against ^eble colls, him, her or them, upon demurrer or otherfrise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXII

An act to encourage the manufactory of verdegreafe in Great Britain 4, .., A and for laying a duty on foreign veriegteafe imported: :

WHEREAS there is lately setup in this kingdom fnanu preambl^/ factory of veriegrease, which has been heretofore imported from France, and for which large sums of money have been \conjfant ijr paid to foreigners; therefore, to the intent that all due encouragement may he given to so useful a manufacture, we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it maybe enabled; and be it ena<3ed by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, After June 14* from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand fie^ven hundred and eighty one, there shall be, throughout his pound to be majesty's kingdom of Great Britain, dominion of Walesyuti& paid on im town of Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected, and paid, p°rtat, n of onto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs ahd successors, for degreaf": van<i and upon every pound weight of common verdegrease, import 1 s*per pound CD or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain from foreign for crystalized countries, the sum of threepence; and for and upon every verdegreafe. pound weight of crystallised verdegrease, so as aforesaid imported, the sum of onfe shilling which laid imports or duties shall be paid down in ready money, without any dilcount or allowance, on importation; and shall be also subject and liable to The frid du an additional import or duty of five pounds per tentum, in the ties tobelia* same manlier, and under the faihe regulations, as the additional nan addi" duty of five pounds per centum is granted to his Majesty by an asgreea af, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefen bleto j Geo. Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional du 3* C ties upon the produce of the federal duties under the management of the respective eommijfioncrs of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

* II And it i9 hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No ^rtwbacxc That no part of the said duties herein before granted shall be to be allowed repaid or drawn back upon the exportation of the said verde on export .Vox.. XXXIII T greafe3

26o Anno vicesimo primo Georgii 111. c-33- L f

Duties to bt gsease; stnd that the said several duties herein before granted

the miner railed levied, recovered, and paid in such manner and

prefcribettby 'form, and by such ways, means, and methods, and under such former laws penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned and expressed in that reiatmgto the several acts now in force relating to his majesty's customs; and to bt^d^nto ^amc^un<*cr fc management and direction of the thee^equen rcfpe6iv« commissioners of the customs, and their officers for*the time being, and shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the customs in England, and shall be by him paid (the necessary charges of railing collecting, and answering the same, only excepted) into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, distinct and apart firom all other moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ( for the uses and purposes in this afi mentioned.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A book to be That there shall be provided and kept in the office of the audit provided by or of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which thea^torfor a the moneys arising from the said duties, and paid into the re sd dunes fe CCIP*» as aforesaid, mall be entered separate and apart from all parately. other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, (hail be there reserved for the disposition of parliament

CAP. XXXIII

An act for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Healey upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious ayenues thereto; for widening some part of the high street and the market place; for lighting and watching, for reguladng the footways in, and for removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances front the said town.

Preamble. That the wooden bridge now at Henley belongs to the corporation s who receive money out ot diverse houses, Sec. for supporting the said bridge; part of which income bath been expended in supporting the same. That they raised other money by mortgage of other estates and bonds, C and there now remain 6001. due to the corporation. That it would be an advantage to the town to remove the middle row and old market house, and light the town and eftabtifli a watch, See. The coi poration and commissioners iropowered to build a bridge across the Thames near the present bridge. The bridge shall be built so as not to prejudice the navigation of the river Thames. The span of the centre arch to be 40 feet, and height 16 feet, and spring 10 feet above the bed of the river. The bridge to be 17 feet wide, and no houses. Sec. thereon, except toll houses. Commissioners meetings for bridge business. On sail ore of a sufficient number of commissioners, the clerk may aiiourn. Quorum of the commissioners to be twelve at Ieaft. When commissioners die, C new ones to be appointed by the surviving or remaining comtmf floners. No member of the corporation, or other commissioner, to act where interested. Commissioners may appoint a clerk, treasurer, coll eft. or, surveyor, and other officers, and their successors; who are to give ecu rity. Officers to account upon oath, and pay the balance. Upon non payment of balance, commissioners may bring action?, or joftices may inquire into the default. Balance may be levied by distress, Sec. Allowances to officers, to be made by commissioners out of .the tolls. Accounts of the bridge to be kept separate from any other business. Victuallers not to hold places of profit. Commissioners maypurchafe lands, Sec. particularly those in the schedule referred to. Incapacitated personi enabled to

treat

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.33.

trear. On refusal to treat, C damage and recompense to be settled br ft jury. Witnesses to be fammoned, and examined upon oath. Verdlit of the jury Sec. to be final. Commissioners may issue their warrant to the fhrrijf to impannel a jury. Commissioners may impose a fine on the sheriff, Sec. making default m the pretoises, not exceeding 10i. nor less than ios. Commissioners, on payment of sums a fluffed, to take possession of land, Sec. Commissioners to take down the present bridge. Power to take in part of the clutch yard. to widen the aventie to the bridge, and to potr chase otlnr ground in lieu thereof. For taking down certain alms hou sits upon providing others. Surveyors may get materials for building and repairing the bridge, from waste grounds grads: or from private grounds, making satisfaction for damages: but not out of the Thames, (except drift sand) without consent of the commissioners of navigation. Bridge vetted in the corporation. Pet Tonnes damaging the new bridge deemed guilty of felony. Owners of barges, C made answerable for their men. A ferry or temporary bridge to be provided when the bridge is not pafla we. Ferry not to continue longer than is necessary. No ferry to be hereafter used within one mile and an half of the bridge. Bridge to be called Henley bridge: and part of the parish of Henley; and not a county bridge Offenders may be proceeded against before two justices of Henley, as if offence were committed in the town. Gates to be erelted, and tolls taken. For every horse. Sec. drawing, jd. for the like not drawing, id. For cattle per score, tod. For calyes, sheep, lambs or swine per icore, d. Tolls veiled in the commissioners. Toll man may deny passage over bridge to persons refusing to pay and may dtftrain cattle, cor other goods, and fell the same in four days. Gate to be seton the present bridge, and tolls taken. Tolls to be paid but once a day. Half toll for carnages with corn on market days. Commissioners may vary the tolls. For exempting the owner of Marsh Mills from payment of toll for carrying corn or grain from Henley to the said mills, to be ground, or for meal or flour to Henley, upon condition of paying 4i. per ann. till a turnpike road, made from Wargrave to Henley, and a gate setup between the said mills and bridge, and then said payment to cease, and toll to be taken. Tolls to be free from taxes, Stc. Commissioners may lease the tolls. Exemptions from tolls. Carriages with materials for highway or bridge, or dung for land. Hay, or corn in the straw to be laid up within two miles of the bridge; going to or returning from election s for Ox ford fbire or Berk shire: Post horse or cart with mail: Soldiers on inarch and their

rriages s Vagrants moved by pastes, or cattle going to pasture in the parities of Henley and Remenham. Penalty on illegal claims, 40s. Penalty on evading tolls 40s. Commissioners may borrow money upon the credit of the tolls; and the tolls assigned as a security: to the form of ffigninent set forth. Copies of assignments to be entered. No money to be borrowed after the first meeting without public notice. Assignments may be transferred according to the form of transfer set forth. afiign snents to be notified to the treasurer, and entered in a book to be kepttor that purpoie. Creditors to be deemed equal in dtg^e without preference for priority. Persons desirous of having their money to give six months notice to the treasurer or clerk. Power of raising money by granting annuities: not exceeding soool. nor above 10 percent, charged on the tolls. Annuities to be publicly sold. Annuities to be filled up as oftfn as any die, until mortgages paid off. Books to be provided, and the names of annuitants entered. Annuities to be for the lives of the contributors, or such persons as they shall nominate. Annuities to be tax free. Annuities may be aifigned. Tolls, and other moneys to be applied, first to pay costs of at, then 600i. and interest to the corporation, and all other debts incurred on account of the old bridge and building, Sic. the new one, and making roads and other matters directed by the act and no other. Certain surplus money to be applied for the use of the new bridge. Interest to be paid twice a year. Proceedings to be entered in books. Duration of the tolls, till all the purposes directed by the act be completed and then the tolls to cease, and the corporation to support the bridge at at preterit. First meeting'of the corporation for the other purposes of this ain the guildhall of Henley. Future meetings, first friday in every month.

T a To

«6* .Anno vicesimo primsgeorgn III C 34.

To pay their own expenses. All the powers by this act vested in the corporation, to be exercised by the major part aflfcmbled at any public meeting, where there shall be fourteen members present. Pavements, See. vested in the corporation. Corporation may order footpaths to be paved. Corporation to erect lamps, and appoint Watchmen. For punishing persons wilfully breaking lamps, C Two justices for theto*n may grant warrants, See. first offence 10*. second 15s. third xos. and satisfaction for damages. On nonpayment of forfeiture, Sec. offender to be committed. per?ons accidentally breaking lamps, Sec. to make good the damage, power to make contrasts, Sec. Power to make rates. Rates vested in the corporation. On nonpayment of rates, power to distrain. Rates due on houies to be paid by persons removing from, and by those who occupy the premises, in due proportion. Landlords to be airefled for houses let to two or more tenants, to be paid by any occupier, and deducted out of rent. Losses to be made goodbye reafteffment. Persons paying this not liable to pay any other rate. Corporation may borrow money, not exceeding ioooi. and afllgn the rates as a security. Clause to prevent nuisances in the streets. Water shall be conveyed down from roofs or tops of houses $ directed by the corporation. To be done at the expense of the proprietors. No person to alter the pavement. Power to take down signs, Sec. The old market house and the middle row, may be pulled down; the charges to be paid by the corporation. Bull dogs and mastiffs to be muzzled when at large. Penalty for interrupting workmen | first offence 10s. second offence 40s. third or other jl. Writings to be without stamps. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered, on proof, before two justices of the town; by diitrefs and Tale of goods, and paid to the treasurer. Offender may be committed for 3 months and not less than 14 days. Limitation of actions in six months. General issue. Treble costs. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Satisfaction for special damage. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or remove able by certiorari. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefilons, giving S days notice. Rights of the corporation preserved. Public act.

CAP. XXXIV

An al sot further continuing and amending the several acts pajfei for preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeajurer ment of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parifes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

Preamble. Tt THERE A S the laws for preventing frauds and abuses com V V mit ted in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty 0/westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex, have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Former acts parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That further conti an act, passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late ma nued until jesty King George the Second, intituled, An aflmore cffcqualdy to June 24, 1795* prevent the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of C coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of

1781, 3 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 34. 3163

the dttcfy of Lancnftcr adjoining thereto, and the several par ifkcs of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary !e Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of middle sex 5 which ad was continued by several subsequent acts, passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, was continued by two acts, passed in the thirty first and thirty second years or the same reign, and was amended by the last of such acts, and, subject to such amendments, further continued, by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and. the same are hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-fourth day of June, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and from thencp, to the end of the then next session of parliament; except such parts of the said act of the nineteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, as were altered by the said subsequent act of the thirty second year of the reign of his said Majesty.

II And whereas by the before mentioned oft, passed in the twenty Preamble f tbirdyear of the rein of his late Majesty, a penalty of ten pounds rccit»ng that was imposed upon the principal coal metres, on neglefling to Jlation labouring coal metres at the several wharves within the limits aeferib posed on coal td in the before mentioned act, passed in the nineteenth year of the metre by a4 reign of his said late Majesty, and also a penally offorty/hillings on the 13 9*0, the labouring coal metre or coal metres neglecting to attend and per C*form their duty at the time, and in such manner as by that act is di rifted \ and whichjaid penalties were severally imposed whil/l all the mis old within fu; b limits were impelled to be measured by such coal metres: And whereas, by the before mentioned statute, passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, it was dialied, that none of the provisions made by the said act of the nineteenth year of the reign; of his said te Majesty, or by that act, relating to the payment of any sum or sums of Money for or on Account f the admeasurement, or inspection of the admeasurement, of coals, or to the punishment of any dealer in coals, or carter, on account of send ing, carrying, or loading coals from any wharf or place within the limits therein mentioned, Jhculd take place and be in force, except in such cases only when the buyer of such coals should have fignisted, by notice in writing to one of the principal coal metres, or one oj the labouring coal metres, his or her desire to have the attendance of a coal metre to inspect the admeasurement of his or her coals, and where a ml metre should, purjuant to such notice, attend, and actually inspect the admeasurement of the whole quantity of such coals: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the before mentioned penalties are not fill in force, notwithstanding the clause herein lost before recited $ and it htng unreasonable to fubjtft the said principal coal metres, and their labouring coal metres, to the said penalties, when by the said clause the admeasurement of coals is left to the option of the pur chaser thereof and cqfiftqutnth the principal ccal metres are not secure of any.. f t3 fixed

2 6*

The said penalties not to take place unless proper notice in writing be left at the coal metres office, canno

vicesimo primo Georgii III C 3s [178*.

fixed or certain income to defray the expense of stationing such metres as aforcfa\d\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid That none of the said penalties inflicted by the said recited a, passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his said late majesty, shall hereafter in any manner take place, unless notice in writing shall be left at the coal metres office, six hours at the lead before any parcel of coals is required by the buyer to be admeasured; and which notice shall be ftgned by the seller of such coals, and shall specify the wharf where the attendance of the coal metre is required, and the hour of such attendance; and unless the said principal coal metess shall neglect or refuse to Ration a labouring coal metre agreeably to such notice, or such labouring coal metre, foto be Rationed, shall neglect or refuse to attend and do his duty accordingly; anything in the'said act contained to the contrary thereuf notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV

An act for building a bridge over the river Adur, at or near old Short Kara, in the county of Suficx.

Preamble. A bridge wanted to be built near the ferry over the river Adur, at or near old Shoreham Suflexj the eti 1 of Surry owner of estate tuere, whereof the said ferry is part, is willing such bridge should be built. Trustees names. When trustees die. See. new ones to be chosen by the remaining trustees. Qualification of trustees | per ann. or beir to tol per ann. or worth 8001, personal. Penalty on acting not being qualified, 401. Truflecs may all as justices, unless personally intereded. Dirtying the meetings of the trustees. Adjournments by three trustees. trustees may appoint clerk s, coue&ors, and other officers, and allow them faiaries. Officers to account, and pay the balance. Penalty on officers negk&ing to account for 14 days may be committed to goal. Officers to give feca rity. Trustees, or any five empowered to build the bridge, Sec. Power to take in a piece of watte land for the feite of the tollhouse, garden, CC or a parcel of indofed land, on making coippenfation. If the parties disagree about the compen&tion, the same to.be ascertained by a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of the jury, CC to be final. The money adjudged by the jury, to be paid to the owner of the land. The bridge and other things veiled in the trustees. Penalty on periods care lefsfy damaging the bridge, C 5i. and not less than 5 s. or the trustees may bring an action for damages. Penalty on persons wilfully de&roying the bridge, C felony, or as in case of petit larceny. te bridge to be extra parochial, and not to be deemed a county bridge. Trustees empowered to take the following tolls; Every coach, See. with four wheels a s. and every horse drawing the same, 6 d. Every chaise, See. with two wheels Id. and every horse drawing the same, fid. Every wagon, CC 1 s. and every horse or beast drawing the same, 3d. Every cart, cp. yd. and every horse drawing the same, 3d. Every horse, Sec. not drawing, 3d. Every score of oxen cows, or neat cattle, is. 8d. Every score ot calyes, Iwgi* sheep, 5rc. tod. And every foot pafienger, one halfpenny. Carnagesnad cattle may pass and return in the same day for one toll. Foot pofleagess to pay every time of passing. Tolls veiled in the trustees. colleqor may prevent the passage until payment of the tolls. Penalty on evading the tolls, Sec. 10 s. by distress. Trustees may let the tolls. The money already fubfpribed being 50001. shall be applied towards the purposes of the all. Contributors of tool. or upwards, to appoint their nominees, for whose lives they are to receive a dividend of the clear profits by June 14, 17x1. or to be considered as his own nominee. Names of contributors and nominees to be registered. Contributory upon payment of their money, to receive a receipt, and an order for payment or. their dividends.

1781.3 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 35,

deads. The lives of the nominees to be divided into three classes according to their ages. Dividends to be apportioned between the clades, and the proportion of each class to be equally divided amongst the contri buton. Tne dividends to be paid yearly. The contributors to have the benefit of furvi voilhip. The shares may be aligned or deviled according to this formi

Do assign the within order, and ajl my right, title, and interest in and to the lame, and the dividends payable thereon, unto executors, administrators, and assigns. Witness my hand and seal, this day of

Arguments and wills to be rpgiftered, and the execution proved. Before payment of the dividends, certificates to be produced of the lives of the nominees. The shares not claimed within three years, to go amongst the other contributors. Subscribers, in default of paying their subscriptions, may be sued. Actions brought in the name of the treasurer, not to be dftfeominued by his deaths or removal. The present lease of the ferry vacated. Ferry vested in the trustees. Com pen Cation to be made to the. idtcei, Annual sum of aol. to be paid to lord Surrey for the ferry. For recovery of the annual rent, 'may enter on the bridge, C fill paid with cods. Ferry to be provided in case the bridge shall become impassable. If the bridge become impassable by means of the wilful neglect of lord Surrey, See. he shall only be entitled to the same toll for patting the ferry as heretofore. When nominees are all deceased, the tolls and the powers of the trustees to ceaie, and the bridge, See. to become vested in lord Surrey. Lord Surrey authorised to collect tolls towards keeping the bridge ip repair, and making compensation for the ferry after his annuity ceases. Tolls to be reduced, viz. For every coach, Stc. with four wheels, gd. and every horce drawing the same, sd. Every chaise, See. with two wheels ad. and every horfc drawing the same, ad. Every wagon. See. ad. and every horie drawing the lame, id. Every Cart, 3d. ana every horse drawing the same, 1 3, Every, horie not drawing, 1 d. Every score of oxen, See. 10 d. Every score of calyes, C sd. And for landing goods, per tonne. 1 d. and lets quantity, one halfpenny. The said tolls vested in lord'Surrey. Penalty on evading payment of the tolls, the same as before mentioned. How jpfticcs are to proceed for conviction of offenders.! Form of too vision.

Sussex 7 DE it remembered, That on the day of

so wit. Jf DIN the year of the reign

of his Majesty A. B. is confuted before me,

one of his Majesty vs jqftkes of the peace for the said county of Sussex, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the t«emy first year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third. [Here set forth the title of the act, and fpeeny the offence, and the tjme and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.]

Given under my band and feal? the day and year aforesaid

Pfrfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, giving tr days notice. Proceedings not to be qua (bed nor distress deemed unlawful, for want of form. Proceedings to be entered M books. Writings to be without ftarops. Limitation of actions to 3 calendar months after the fast committed, to be laid and tried in Sussex, and the defendant may plead the general issue, and give the act and fpetiql matter in evidence, and have treble posts. This to be a pubcck aft

t4 CAP.

2 66

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 36. [1781.

CAP. XXXVI

An al for amending, regulating, deansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in repair, the streets, lanes, and palsages, within the borough of The Devizes, in the county of Wilts; and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obltruttions therein.

Preamble. The borough of The Devizes a considerfrble market, and a very great thoroughfare in the highroad between London and Bath. trustees names. When trustees die, or refuse to act, Sec. new ones to he cliofen by the remaining trustees; to be inhabitants of the borough. Qualification of trustees, owner of 10i. per ann. or rated at till. per ana Penalty on acting not being qualified, 501. V Trustees meetings. Adjournments may be by two trustees. Trustees in the commission of the peace may acl as justices, (except personally interested or as making rates) and may admimfter oaths. Actions may be brought in the name or treasurer or clerk. Trustees may appoint a clerk, surveyors, collectors, and other officers, and allow them salaries. Treasurer to account. Officers to give /ecurity. Officers to account upon oath, and to pay the balance. On refusal to render accounts, or deliver up any books, Sec. to be committed until payment, and delivering up books, Sec. Oh death or bankruptcy of officers, executors. Scc. to make good deficiency, previous to the payment of any other debts, and indemnified for so doing, and may plead such payment in any action. Penalty on executors, C for neglect thereof. Trvf* tees may bring action if debt under 401. or for damages and costs. Streets, Sec. to he paved, amended, and deanfed. Trustees may bring actions for breach of contract. Inhabitants to fwtep before their houses. Chute for preventing nuisances, and annoyances in the streets. None but scavenger to carry away dirt, See. which he is to do in six hours after streets arc swept, which to be done twice in every week, on penalty of aos. But inhabitants mar take the dirt before their houtes tor their own use;

bring dung from their back yards in order to be carried away, in 04 hours. For preventing nuisances by hogftves, Sec. Notice by five trustees to be remoyed in 3 days, on penalty ot 10s. per day after. promfi ons respecting annoyances and dbnru&ions not to extend to houtes building or rebuilding. The public drains, C to be cleansed, by order and at the expense of the trustees. Materials may be taken from wale grounds, See. Trustees may cause lamps to be setup; and may appoint watchmen. Penalty on watchmen neglecting their duty, not more than 5s. nor less than as. for every offence. Penalty on perlbns wilfully damaging lamps, ire. 10s. and satisfaction for damages, or to be committed 3 months. Penalty on interrupting workmen, not more than 40s. nor less than 5s. Property of lamps, Sec. vetted in trustees. Trustees to make a rate for purchasing lamps. Sec. not more than t s. per pound, per ann. Tenants to pay, and deduct it out of their rent. Rate for cleansing and keeping in repair, and for lighting and watching, to be expended in the parish where raled. Limitation of rates, for paving, Sec. 6d. per pound in the parish of St. John, and the old difparked park and 9d. per pound in the parish of St. Mary: apd for lighting and watching, 9d. per pound in each parish. The old difparked park, and tenements under 4i. per ann. not being shops, exempted from rates for lighting, and watching, or keeping lmm, C in repair. The surveyors to be collectors. Manner of recovcrinztpe rates, by distress and sale. Goods may be followed for levying the dutreft in any other county, Set. Rates to be recovered on tenants quitting tec. before payment, or houtes, Sec. being empty, the premises made security, and the goods of the next occupier, or by action against the landlord with costs. Hares shall be paid where tenants Acupy only part of the year, in proportion to the time. Trustees may mitigate the rates. Collectors embezzling any of the rates, to be raised by a reafleflment. Double tolls on Sundays at Seend Gate, Fpttern Gate, Nurfteed Gate, and Green Gate, as a Sunday Street Toll, to be veiled in the trustees. To be recovered by distress. In case of dispute concerning tolls and charges, the matter to be teuled by a justice. Trustees may ere£t turnpikes and toll boutesi

1781.] Anno vitefimo pritno Georgii III C 267

or tbc present turnpikes, C may be used. Tolls to be paid but once a day. Tolls may be varied. Trustees may let the tolls. Penalty on forcibly paflirig through the gates without paying, Sec. 4.0 s. besides damages apd other punift}raer)ta thereto liable by law. Trustees may borrow money, and ofljgn the tolls and rates a? a security. Form of alignment, viz.

TJY virtue of an act, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his If m a jetty Kin George the third; for amending, regulating, cleansing, fignting, watching, and keeping in repair, the streets, lanes, .and pastages, within the borough of The Devizes, in the county of Wilts; and for preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obdruftions therein j we of the trustees, in cdnftderation of the sum of .to the

treasurer in hapd pajd, flo grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto A. £ 1 his executors, admimltrators, and assigns, such proportion of the tolls by the said act granted, 'and of the rates thereby directed to be made, as the said sum of *<-**' doth or shall bear to the whole sum due and owing on the credit thereof; to be had and held from this, day of until the said sum of with interest

at the rate of per centum per annum, shall be paid

and satisfied.

To be entered by the cferk in a book gratis; "Form of transfer, vis,

I Do transfer this mortgage, with all my right and title to the principal hereby secured, and tp all the interest now due upon the same unto his executors, administrators, and aitigns. Dated this

day of

Transfers to be like wife entered. Sums under 501. may be transferred without a witness. .Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money anting. Determination of the office of surveyor of highways for The Devizes. Writings to be without damps. Tines upon the inhabitants on indictment, are to be paid by the treasurer or clerk by order of court

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. When the corporation is interested, the appeal to be to the quarter session for the county of Wilts. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered bv diftrefc, and applied for the purposes of this act, and if no goods, offender to becommitted for not more than 3 months, nor less than 14. days. Form of cotaviftioa before one or morejustices, viz

BE it remembered. That on the day.of A. B. is am

vifted before me for us, C D. E. F.] of his Majesty's judices of the peace for the borough of The Devizes for, county of Wats, ] specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the same was com mated, [as the case (halt be.]

Given under my [or our] hand and seal, [or hands and seals] ] day and year first above written

Trustees may compound for penalties Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Diitrefe not illegal for want of form. Power to tender amends. Aftiooa not to be brought without i days notice, nor after 6 calendar months. Defendants may plead the general iffuc, and give the act. and special matter in evidence. Defendants to have treble costs,

Publick act* -

G Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 37. [1781,

CAP. XXXVII

An act to explain and amend an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent (he exportation to foreign parts of ptenfils made use of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and (ilk manufactures of this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to pre

recited. *** vent ^p0**3**011 to foreign parts of utensils made use of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and silk manufactures of this kingdom, certain provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, are provide fd, inflicted*impofeel, for the purpoft of preventing and prohibiting the 'exportation into foreign parts except to any port or place within Great Britain or Ireland) of all such tools or utensils MS are commonly used in, or are proper for the preparing, Working Up orjnijbitfg, of the cotton or linen manufactures of this kingdom \ and also for the preventing and prohibiting all and every perfen or persons wbomsoever from the collecting, obtaining, or having in bisher, or their cujlody or possesston, with intent to export, any tools or implements used as well in the said cotton or linen, as in the woollen or silk manufactures of this kingdom: And whereas the penalties and forfeitures to which offenders ogainft the fold aft are thereby Jubjeft* ed and mode liable, and the provisions, powers, and remedies thereby made and provided, for the recovery and enforcing of fitch penalties and forfeiturety are found inadequate to the prevention of the evils thereby intended to be remedied; and it is therefore become northeast ctjjary to make some further and more effectual provision to deter persons from committing the said offences, Jo destructive to the trade of this kingdom: therefore, for the better preserving to his majtf ty subjects the benefits arising from those greed und valuable branches of trade and commerce, and for preventing the said pernicious practises for the future, <ptd for explaining. amending, and rendering more effectual, the said recited act, be it enacted by the King? most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflernbled, and by the authority of the same. That 1 tntauy^ at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou person in*fond seven' hundred and eighty one, any person or persons iq Great Britain Great Britain or Jretynd shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, or Ireland, \onsi, or put op board, or pack, or caqfe or procure to be ioaden,

put on board 011 »*?rd' OT p?ked*»to ** on

any vessel any of any ship or v$(tel, which shall not be bound directly to some

jnachine, tool, port or place in Great Qritain or Ireland, or shall lade, or cause

orutensil, ofed or procure to be laden, on board any boat or other vessel, or

sttontnen? fl "U brjn8> r to J br°ujfht> to any .wharf «

silk manu other puce, m order to be so laden or put on board any such fa&ures, or ship or vessel, any machine, engine, tool, press, paper, utertfil,

any model of or implement whatsoever, which now is, or at any time or time such machine, tyrtgfqp. shall or may be used ip or proper for the preparing,

'. porting)

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. c.37.

working, pressing, finishing, or completing, of the woollen, cot, linen, or (ilk manufactures of this kingdom, or any or either of them, or any other goods wherein wool, cotton, linen, or djk, or any or either of them, are or is used, or any part or parts of such machine, engine, tool, press, paper, utensil, or implement, by what name or names soever the same shall, be called or known; or any model or plan, or models or plans, of J any such machine, engine, tool, press, paper, utensil, or implement, or any part or parts thereof, and complaint being; made, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice or justices of the peace, it shall and may be lawful to and or such justice or justices of the peace to issue bis or*"7 famce their warrant or warrants, hot only to.seize all such machines, arrant engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, and part feizihg tuch or parts thereof, and all such model or plan, models, or plans, machme*, C and part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and all and bringing other goods packed therewith, if any such there be, but also to bring the person or persons so complained of before .him or '

them, or fotne other of his majesty's justices of the peace for the same county, city, riding, divifioo, liberty, shire, stewartry, or place i and if, when such person or persons shall he brought before such justice, or justices, he, she, or they, shall not give d if a satis such an account of the use or purpose to which such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, and part given to the or parts thereof, and all such model or plan, models or plans, justice, he may and part or parts thereof, are intended to be appropriated, as detain such shall be satisfactory to the justice or justices before whom he, bind'the'

file, or they (hail be brought as aforesaid, then, and in such case, party to ap. it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices, not pear at the only to cause all such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, next affixes utensils, or implements, models, or plans, or part or parts there which shall have been seized as aforesaid, together with the packages, and all other gooda packed therewith, to be detained, bit alco to bind the person or persons so charged to appear at the next affixes, general gaol delivery, or qparter fefficms of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, stewartry, or place, where such offence shall be committed, with reasonable sureties for bis, her, or their appearance; and iu case such person or persons shall refuse or neglect to give such security, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or fy" hf parry" justices to cortvmit the person or persons so refusing to the com may be common gaoj or house.of correction, there to be kept until the next mitted. affizei, or next quarter Jefiions, of the county, city, riding, division, (him, stewartry, or place, where such commitment shall be, and until he, (be, or they shall be delivered by due course of law; and in case any such person or persons shall be con peoajt_ C viriled of ny of the offences aforesaid, upon any indictment or conviction! information against him, her, or them, at inch assizes or quarter sessions of the peace as aforebid, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, not only forfeit all such jn^chmes} engines, tools, press, paper, utensils, or implements,

models

!?<> Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 37. [1781,

models or plans, or parts thereof respectively, together with the packages, and all other goods packed therewith, if any such j there be, burr also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; and shall also suffer imprisonment in J the common gaol, prison, or house of corre£lion, of the county, city, riding, division, liberty, shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeiture shall be paid

customhouse II And be it further etia&ed by the authority aforesaid, officers im That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of Juney it poweredtp anci may favvful to and for any officer of his majesty's

machfnest&c. cuft°ms n Great Britain, and to and for any officer of the re goingtobe*venue in Ireland and they are hereby required to seize, and secure in some or one^of his majesty's warehouses, all such machines, engines, tools, prese, papers, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and all and every such model or plan, models 1 '' or plans, or part or parts thereof, as such officer shall find or discover, to be laid or put on board, or intended to be laid or put on board of any ship, vessel, or boat, which shall not be bound directly to some port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, together wjth the packages, and all other goods packed therewith (if any.. such there be), and they are hereby indemnified in so doing; and all machines, engines, tools, prese, papers, utensils, and implements, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and other goods packed therewith, so seized and secured as aforesaid, shall, after condemnation thereof in dqe course of law, be pub^sold to the best bidder, by order of the commissioners of

the cuftotns ingreqt Britain, or commissioners of the revenue in Ireland respectively; and one moiety of the produce arising by the sale thereof, after deducting the charges of condemnation and sale, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer who shall seize and ppofecute the same as aforesaid.

Island be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, froip and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, if the f^uins^ak captan or roafter of any ship, vessel, or boat, in Great Britain ing on board or Ireland, shall knowingly or designedly permit or suffer any any such ma machine, engine, tool, prese, paper, utensil, or implement, chine, cor part or parts thereof, or any model or plan, or part or parts

thereof, by this act prohibited to be exported a aforesaid, to be put on board his said ship, vessel, or boat, every such captain or master shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds j and if the said ship, vessel, or boat, shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, then the captain, or mailer thereof, shall not only forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, but shall also forfeit his employment, and be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, hi heirs or successors,

1781] Artrid vicfefimo primd gedrgii III C 37. s71

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidj Penalty on That if any customer, comptroller, lurveyor, searcher, waiter, com house or other officer of the customs in Great Britain, or any officer ^n^ke any of the revenue in Ireland, shall take, or knowingly or willingly entry out suffer to be taken, any entry outward, or shall sign any cocket, ward, C for warrant, or sufferance, for the shipping or exporting, of any of exporting any the said machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or im eld machines" plements, or any part or parts thereof, or any of the said models cor

plans, or any part or parts thereof, by this ast prohibited to be exported, or shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer the same to be done, directly or indirectly, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such customer, comptroller, surveyor, searcher, waiter, or other officer of the cuftonhs of Great Britain, or officer of the revenue in Ireland, Shall, for e very such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall also forfeit his office, and be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

V And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the several penalties and forfeitures herein before Penalties and mentioned (the manner of recovery whereof is not herein before forfeitures particularly directed) shall and may be sued for and recovered, j^and" by aetton of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hi majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of session in Scotland, or in any of the four courts at Dublin, in the name of his majesty's attorney general, or lord advocate, or in the name of some officer or officers of the custom in Great Britain, or some officer or officers of the revenue in Ireland refpeduvety; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed y and that one moiety of the said penalties and forfeitures shall go and be applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moir ety to the use of such officer or officers of the customs or revenue, as shall sue and prosecute for the same respectiveiy, after deducting the charges of prosecution from the whole.,

VI And be it further enadle^ by the authority aforesaid if oath shall be 'that, 1 from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, if any made before a person or persons hath or have in his, her, or their custody, pow justice of any cr, or possession, or shall collect, obtain, make, apply for, or f "h prohibi cause or procure to be made, any such machine, engine, tool, C belng^n*press, paper, utensil, or implement, or any part or parts thereof, tended to be or any such model or plan, models or plans, or part or parts exported, they thereof as aforesaid, with intent to export, or that the same may ma J

be exported to some other port or place than Great Britain or the^*rion

Ireland, and complaint being made, upon the oath of one or in whofepof more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice or justices session they are of the peace, that there is reason to believe such person or per f°u°d may be fons hath or have in his, her, or their custody, power, or possess p^ra^the* (ion, or hath or have collected, obtained, made, applied for, or next affixes, caused or procured to be made, any such machine, engine, tool, C press, paper, utensil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, or any such model or plan, of models or plans, or part or parts

ajt Anno Vicedmo primo Georgii III C 37. [ 178

thereof, as aforesaid, with intent to export, or that the same may be exported to some other port or place than Great Britain or Ireland; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices of the peace to issue his or their warrant or warrants to seize all such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, and all such models or plans, or part or parts thereof as aforesaid, and to bring the person or persons so complained of before him or them, or some other of his majesty's justices of the peace for the same county, city, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place; and if such person or persons shall not give such an account of the use or purpose to which such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, or part or parts, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, is, are, or were intended to be appropriated, as shall be satisfactory to the justice or justices before whom he, she, or they shall be brought as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such juftfcfe or justices to cause all such machines, engines, tools, press, paper, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models ot plans, or part or parts thereof, which shall have been so seized as aforesaid, to be detained, and also to bind the person or persons so charged to appear at the next affixes, general gaol delivery, or quarter sessions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place where such offence shall be committed, with reasonable On nested of ^uret'es fr his, her, or their appearance; and in case such per giving fecuri son or persons shall refuse or neglect to give such security, then tithe party and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such ju may ** com dice or justices to commit such person or persons to the county nutted. gaol, prison, or house of correction, there to remain until the next ftffiees or quarter sessions of the county, city, riding, division, liberty, stewartry, or place, where such commitment shall be, and until he, she, or they shall be delivered by due course Penalty on of law; and in case any such person or persons (nail be con convimoa. vied, upon any indictment or information against him, her, or them, alt such affixes or quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, of having in his, her, or their custody, power, or possession, or of having collected, obtained, made, applied for, orcau fed or procured to be made, any such machine, engine, tool, press, paper, utensil, or implement, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, or part or parts thereof, with such intent as aforesaid, then and in such case the person or persons so convicted shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose all such machines, engines, tools, press, papers, utensils, or implements, or part or parts thereof, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, which shall be so seized and detained, and also the sum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall suffer imprisonment in the common gaol of the county, city, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such offender or offenders respectively shall be convicted, for the space of twelve months, without bail or mainprize, and until such

*7$**] Anno vicesimo primo qc^rgii 111. C g$f *7#

forfeiture shall be paid. Provided neverthelel^ That no ^ofecutionj9 person shall be prosecuted for any of the offences aforesaid, in this daufe mentioned, unless such prosecution shall be eofflmen months, ced within the space of twelve month next after such offence shall be committed.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Forfeitures That the respective forfeitures by this a<fl inflicted upon offend (where not o ers again ft the same, shall, when recovered, (where the same is yided) togo not by this ak otherwise provided), go and be applied to the to tbeintorm use of the informer, after the expenses of the prosecution are r.

paid.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any suit or aflion shall be commenced against any per anions.

son for what he shall do in pursuance of this act, such suit or action shall be commenced within six months next xfter the

committed, and the person so sued may file common baii,

ojr enter a common appearance, and plead the general issue not General issue,

guilty, and may give this act and the special matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit or suffer

discontinuauce, or if a verdict pass against him or her, or if up treme cods.

on demurrer judgement shall be given hgainft the plaintiff, the

defendant shall recover, treble costs.

IX Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall Not to extend extend to the preventing wool cards, or (lock cards, not exceed D wool caring in value four Shillings per pair, and spinners cards not exto Aramca. ceeding in value one fhilline and sixpence per pair, used in the

laid woollen manufacture, from being exported to any of hi:

majesty's colonies or plantations in America.

CAP. XXXVIII

An act for the more easy and fi>eedy recovery of small debts, within the town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York, and the several parishes of the same town.

Preamble. Beverley a town of great trade. Commissioners names, who aw? conftituced a court of j ultice. Meetings every fourth Wednesday. Their meetings not to interrupt the bufinqfs of the justices. Commissioners powers, to near and determine catties, and give judgement, and make orders and decrees, and award execution with colls against body and goods.

Calting vote, if equally divided to be in mayor, or ienior alderman, or suit commissioner if the others be absent.. When commissioners die, or refuse to anew ones tb be chosen by the 'mayor and aldermen of Severn lay. The mayor aod one alderman, or two aldermen, with six coinmif fsoners. ro be summoned to attend 4. weeks, and foin order every month.

Commissioners may fit though not summoned. In proceeding for recovery of debts under 40s. from inhabitants, or persons trading. Sic at Beverley, clerk to issue process to the sergeant, ex pressing the Turn demanded j to be served personally, or left at place of abode.in limits of Town. Upon proof thereof, three commissioners to hear and determine. Commissioners to administer oaths. Upon nonappearance of defendant, to proceed ex parte, Commissioners, on nonapptarance of plaintiffs, See. may award costs. Commissioners may award execution) and may commit the party to common goal till he performs order, but not for longer than % months; and may levy upon the goods of the party. In case party absconds, second execution may be issued. If court order debt to be paid by inful aents, upon default, execution to issue for the whole. On execution, clerk*ttf

Anno viceflrao primo Georgii III c.38. [(781.

to endorse the debt and colts, and costs df execution. To be superseded, in case defendant before Tale of goods, or apprehenfton, orexpration of time of iraprisonment, pay debt and costs, and i s. to clerk, and 2 s. 6d. for goal sees, (if committed.) parties may compromise without leave of the court. A discretionary power given to the commissioners in respect to imprisonment and execution. V Attornies not privileged. Sergeant suffering escape, or goods to be carried a*ay, to pky the debt and costs. The commifron era oath. viz.

I A. B. do swear, or affirm, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my judgement, hear and determine such matters and things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an act of parliament for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and liberties of Beverley, in the county of York, and the several parities of the same town, without fayour, afteftion, or prejudice to either party.

So help me GOD.

Eflericke Hancock, appointed first clerk; and Thomas Duncum sergeant. Future clerks and sergeants td be appointed by the commissioners. What fees to be taken. -; J 4

For issuing every summons, to the clerk, sixpence:

For service of every summons, and attending the court with return, to the sergeant, threepence :

For entering .the cause, to the clerk, sixpence :

For every hearing, to the clerk, threepence:

For every order, to the clerk, threepences, '

For entering every order and making, to the clerk, threepence:

For service of every order against a party not in court, and attending with return, to the sergeant, sixpence :

For a nonsuit on the plaintiffs not appearing, to the clerk, twopence; For an attachment against the defendant for not appearing, to the clerk, sixpence:

To the sergeant, for service thereof, one shilling 1 *

For acknowledging satisfaction thereof, to the clerk, tnree pence 3 For an execution, to the clerk, one shilling:

To the sergeant, for service thereof, one shilling:

For a subpoena, to the clerk, sixpence:

To the sergeant, for service thereof, two penqe :

For paying money into court, to the cleric, sixpence;

For every search of the books, to the clerk, three pence

Costs to be awarded, not to exceed 7s. 10 d. (except for copies and service ofprocess, rule, or order, where several defendants.) Penalty on taking greater fees, aos. and not less than 103. Fines to be paid to trustee?, kc, of the poor of Beverley. Commissioners may for misbehaviour, fufoend or remove the clerk or sergeant. Commissioners or officers not to act where interested. Penalty on persons insulting the commissioners or officer, 40s. and not less than 5s. to be levied by distress, or by imprisonment, not more than 1 months. Application of fines, same as the former. Copy of this clause to be fixed up in the court. No action for debts recoverable in this court, to be brought in any other court. To what this act shall nor extend, viz. debt for rent on lease or contrast, where the title may come in queition, or causes testamentary, or matrimonial, or belonging to eccfe radical courts, or wager, or contrast forale^c. or forfeiture on penal statute, or bye-law, or any debt not within six years though under 40 s. Perjured persons to be punished by the laws for perjury. Gaolers to receive persons committed by this act. Penalty on their refusing, or tattering an escape, 51, and not less than 40 s. No attorney to act as advocate, attorney, or commissioner. Witness not obeying subpoena or summons, to be fined, 50s. and not less than 5 s. to be levied by distress with ccfts, and paid to party summoning such witncfe. No commissioner or officer to be

1781.} Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 39. 275

sued until after notice given, one calendar month. Qualification of commissioners to be an householder in Beverley, or pofpdled of a real estate of *ol. per ann. or of a perfbnal of 3001. affing without such qualification penalty, *ol Commissioner to prove h»s qualification. Commifitoner or officer may tender amends. Arc in one calendar month af er notice.

Plaintiff not to recover unless such notice be proved. Amends may be tendered pending the suit. No eviden' e to be givrn but what is contained in the notice. Limitation of actions in 6 months, and to be laid in Beverley, or county of York. The defendant may plead the general issue,

have treble costs. Publick Act. V

CAP. XXXIX

An act for further securing the property of the owners in such Ships or veffeh as are liable to forfeiture for importing spirits or other goods, by the mifeonduft o f the masters, mates, and seamen.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the f9 Geo. 3. C more effectually preventing the pernicious practises of smug 69. recited, gling in this kingdom; and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws of the customs and excise, upon the terms therein mentioned; ) it is, omongjl other things, enabled, That where any foreign brandy, or other for ign spirituous liquors, Shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, from any part of Europe, in any vessel or cajk which Shall not contain sixty gallons at the leqft, (excepting only for the use of the seamen then belonging to and -bn board the ship or vessel in which the same Shall be imported, not exceeding two gallons for each Jeaman, ) then not only the said brandy, and other foreign spirituous liquors, but also the ship or vessel in which the same Shall be so imported, of whatever burden the same may he, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, Shall be forfeited and lost: and whereas, by the said re cited aft, it is further enacted. That when any tea, coffee, foreign brandy, or other foreign spirituous liquors, are liable to forfeiture for being found on board any ships or vessels, coming or arriving from foreign parts, at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of the parts of this kingdom, or within two leagues of the coasts thereof, or for having been discovered to have been within the limits of any port contrary to any act of parliament now in force, the ship or vessel, if coming or arriving from any part of Europe, on board of ivhicb such goods Shall be so found, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, Shall be forfeited, provided such ship or - vessel doth not exceed the burden of two hundred tonnes: and whereas, by the aforesaid in part recited act, and fcvtral other acts of parliament, hips or veffeh of the descriptions therein mentioned, are liable to seizure and forfeiture for clandeflinely importing, or having an board, any quantity of foreign spirituous liquors, tea, or coffee whatsoever, over and above the limited quantities of futh goods now allow id by law to be imported, whereby the owners of such fldps or veffeh may fufiain great loss and injury in their property, by the mifeonduft of the m A fieri, mates, and mariners, navigating such hips or veffeh: and whereas it would not only tend to the further feturity of the owners of Vol. XXXIII U Ships

276* Anno vicesimo primo Georgii Illic. 39. [178'!*,

hips or vejfeis of all descriptions, and of whatever burden the same may bey which by any low now in force are liable to forfeiture, but also be a means to prevent the illicit practice of fmuggltngy if some further punishment was infixed upon the masters, matesy and seamen, having the charge and command of such Ships or vessels; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and. commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au after June thority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day *4, 1781 vif the of 'Junty one thousand seven hundred and eighry one, if the any mailer of any ship or vessel, of which he has the charge an conceala&c. command, shall clandestinely hide or conceal, or fuff^r to be foreign fpi' clandestinely hid or concealed, by his mate or seamen, or any rits, tea, or of them, in any part of such ship or vessel, or in any cbeft oc c°r ^ibovc there thing belonging thereto, any quantity of foreign spirituous quamhv or liquors, over and above the quantity of two gallons for each, any other un feamari on board, or any quantity of tea above the weight of customed six pounds, or any quantity of coffee above the weight of nine goods, he shall teen pounds; or if the master of such ship or vessel shall clan for eitto^ is deftinely import, or liiffer to be clandestinely imported therein, any such foreign spirituous liquors, or any other uncustomed goods whatsoever, whereby the owner or owners of such ship or vessel become liable to any penalties, or whereby such ship or vessel itself is liable to be forfeited, the master of such ship or vessel shall not only forfeit to the owner or owners of filch ship or yeffel all his wages that shall be then due to him, but shall also forfeit treble the value of all such foreign spirituous liquors, tea, coffee, or any other uncustomed goods whatsoever, over and above the penalties to which the master of such ship or vessel shall be subject and liable by any of the laws now in force: which said penalties of treble the value of such goods so inftidled by this act as aforesaid, shall be recovered of the said master by, and shall go to, the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, and to no other person whatsoever.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the mates or. seamen, serving on board any ship or vessel of any burden whatsoever, shall clandestinely hide or conceal on go«?s rabove oar thereof, or shall import any quantity of foreign spirituous the quantity liquors whatsoever, (over and above the ordinary allowance of allowed by two gallons for each seaman on board, ) or any quantity of tea,

lawr.»)ih*jr.4> above the weight of six pounds, or any quantity of coffee above

owners wages, and treble the value of the goods so con cealed, CC

If the mates or seamen shall conceal

shall forfeit their wages,

the weight of nineteen pounds, then such mates or seamen, or and alfotos. any f them, so offending therein, shall forfeit, to the owner or for every gal. owners of such ship or vessel, all the wages that shall be then Ion of foicign due to him or them, and shall also forfeit the sum of ten i^for ever eac^ fr every gallon of such foreign spirituous liquors,

pou n^otun? ai len*pound for every pound of such tea, and also

orcoffeej a like sum of ten Shillings for every pound of such coffee so by them clandestinely concealed or imported, over and above o the

1781.j Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 39.' ijf

the quantities of such goods now limited by law to be imported.

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That And, if in if such mates or seamen shall commit such offences as aforesaid, ear or any of them, in time of war, and which, according to the fcn* tharcc true intent and meaning of this or any other act, they are re years on drained from committing, it shall and may be lawful to and for board a man the owner of such ship or vessel to send such mates or seamen, war

or any of them, on board some of his majesty's ships of war, there to serve for the space of three years, except such as are old, disabled, or otherwise unfit for such service.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A printed That this act shall be printed, put up, and continued on some top. o? this*conspicuous part of every British ship or vessel trading to or ibm from any port of this kingdom; and that wherever the said conspicuous printed clauses shall be damaged, defaced, or destroyed, the maf parr of every ter of fach ship or vessel shall cause the same to be immediately British trading replaced, under the penalty of one shilling a day for every day vc^cl* during such omission thereof; to be recovered of the said master

by, and be paid to, *the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, by virtue of a warrant under the hands and seals of one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Mates or sea if such mates or seamen who shall be so difab!ed from serving in m "n who any of his majesty's ships of war in time of war, as aforesaid, or if ^jfe

finch or any other mates or Teaman shall be found offending C may be *

against the provisions of this act in time of peace, and shall committed for

neglect or refuse to pay the aforesaid penalties, being duly con three months.

vidted thereof, or shall not have sufficient effects to answer the

same, it shall and may be lawful (at the instance of the owner or

owners of such ship or vessel) for one or more of his majesty's

justices of the peace, by warrant under his or their hands and

seals, to commit such offender or offenders to the county gaol

where such offence shall be committed, or wjiere such offender

or offenders shall be apprehended or taken, for the space of

three months, and not less than six weeks.

VI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Justices may said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for thte said justice

or justices to mitigate, compound, cr lessen, any of the penalties incurred under this act, so as such mitigation do not extend to remit above one moiety or half part of the said penalties respec tivelv.

vji. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Proceeding aforesaid. That no order which shall be made by the said jut tice or justices of the peace by virtue or in pursuance of this act, ^

r any other proceedings to be had, touching the conviction or removable or convidtions of any offender or offenders against this act, shall by Certiorari, be quashed or vacated, or be removed or removable by Certio m

rariy or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any or his Ma" *"

courts of record at Westminster, or to the general quarter ftflior* of the peace \ but that the order and determination of

U 2 such

limitation of actions.

General issue.

Treble Cosh.

Preamble, Recital of an act 19 Geo. a.

Act to. Geo, 3*

and 19 Geo, 3-

Anno vicesimo priroo georgm lit. C 40. [1781.

such justice or justices shall be final and conclusive in all cases, and to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of or by colour of this act, or of any matter of thing in this act contained, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space of six months after the offence shall be committed; and such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, for his and their defence, and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of the said act: and if it shall appear foto have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plantiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants have appeared; or if judgement shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XL

An act for extending the provisions of three acts, wade in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, to British and Irish linens, British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or jlained, in Great Britain, and to buckrams and ti lie t tings, exported during the time therein limited, and for taking off the duties payable upon the importation of that species of blue called Smalts.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, ) certain bounties were granted for the term of fifteen years, to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, upon the exportation <?/" British and Irish linens from Great Britain, to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the East Indies, in the said act particularly mentioned and defer ibed: and whereas by another act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said bounties were continued for the further term of seven years, to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: cud certain other bounties were granted on thp exportation of British checked and flriped linens, and upon British and Irish diapers, huckabacks, Jheeting, and other linen, of above a certain breadth; end whereas by another act, made in the nineteenth year oj his present

Majijlfs

17s1.j Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 40. 279

Majiftfs reign, she bounties granted by the said recited acts were further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fe tten hundred and eighty six, and front thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and where/ts by an act, passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, in the kingdom of Ire Act aogeo. land, certain bounties were granted on the exportation as well of 3* parliament plain as of printed, painted gained, and dyed linens, buckrams, and gountiei ro be tillettings, of the manufacture of that kingdom: And whereas the during manufacture of linen would be fill further improved, and the expor the continu tation thereof to foreign parts be preserved, and considerably increased, anf* of the if the bounties by the said recited acts granted were extended to Bri^tish on/irifh linens, and to British calicoes and cottons, printed, exportation painted, or Jlained, and dyed, in Great Britain, and to British and of British and Irish buckrams, or tillettings, and the duties on the importation dflrifhbuck tbct fpedes of blue called Smalts, taken off: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the lc ingf* king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That, during thecontinuanceof the laidiaft recited act, there shall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or dedudlion whatsoever, a bounty for every yard of British and Irish buckrams and tillettings, and for every yard of British or Irtfb linen, and of British calicoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, of the breadth of twenty-five inches pr more, which, before the printing, painting, or staining thereof, shall be under the value of five pence per yard, the turn of one halfpenny; and of the value of five pence per yard, and under the value of sixpence per yard, the sum of one penny; and of the value of sixpence per yard, and not exceeding the value of eighteen pence per yard, the sum of one penny halfpenny; which, during the continuance of this act, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America,

Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the island of Minorca, or the East Indies, in the same manner, and under the like provisions, conditions. limitations, and forfeitures, as in the said recited acts of the parliament of Great Britain, are mentioned and declared, touching the bounties thereby given upon the linens therein mentioned to be exported.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. After June 1, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven 17s*, (malts hundred and eighty-two, during the continuance of the said re may be im cited acts, no subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition duty whatsoever, shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken,

upon that species of blue, called Smalts, which shall be imported into this kingdom 5 any former law, statute, or actor acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding,

III Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Hie above aforesaid, That the several bounties hereby given upon the ex mentioned portation of printed, painted, or stained linens, calicoes, and

cottons, or cottons mixed with linen, or buckrams, and tillet cots, C to

U 3 tings.

a8o Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 41 — 44. [17b1.

bepa'd only tings, shall be paid during the continuance of the said la recit during the ed alt of the Irish parliament, and no longer j anything herein cf" he recited conla*nec^10 ie contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

liq, aa CAP. XLI

An alb for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service ot the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Preamble. Towards the necessary supplies. Commissioners of the treasury may raie 1, 500, 000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 178s, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax alb of this session, concerning loans, call clauses, See in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except as to charging the same on the taxes by that alb, the rare of interest and as alter mentioned, extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1781, Albion not to lie for such refusal. Principal and intcrelt, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supplies, and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 178s, to be charged on the fmking fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this alb; an act 5 & 6 Gul. & Mari notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

Preamble. Towards necessary supplies. Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1, 900, 0001. by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5. 178a. in manner as by the land tax alt of this session is prescribed. Sec. All clauses in the said act relating to loans or bill?, (except as to charging the same on taxes granted thereby, the rate of interest and as after mentioned) extended to this all. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged bciore April 6, 178a. Allion not to lie for such refusal. Money so railed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1782. to be charged on the sinking fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this alb; an alb 5 8c 6. Gul. & Mari notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIII

An alb for continuing an alb, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his jpresent Majesty, intituled, An alb for exempting the city of win cbester, the county of Southampton, the town of Shiewftmry, and the county of Salop, out of the provisions of an alb, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late inajesty King George the Second, intituled, "An alb for regulating the quartering of folcliers during the time of u the elclbions of members to ie; vein Parliament, '" so far as the same relates to the removal of troops during the tle&tons of members to serve in parliament for a limited time.

Prtamble. Recites 10 Geo. 3. cap. 50 further continued until the end of the next ftflion of parliament.

CAP. XLLV.

An act for the more effectually securing to the royal hospital for jea men at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed shares ofprize and bounty money as fall arije from or in rejpeft of any prizes to be»condemned and sold in his Majesty's dominions beyond the fca; and

so compel the more speedy payment thereof

WHEREAS

1781.] Anno vicesimo primogeorgii III c.44» ai

WHEREAS by an abt of parliament, passed in the fixteentb Preamble.

year of the reign of his prejent Majesty, (entitled, An act to j^ecjtaj of prohibit all trade and intercom fe with the colonies of New, 5 Hampshire 1 majfachufets 'Bay, Rhode island, Connecticut, Netoc. 5.

York, Afcu; Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or Shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the province of maftachufets Bay; and alio two acts, made in the Jaft session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned; } it was enabled. That all ships and vessels of, and belonging to the inhabitants of the said coionics, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, and all other ships and vtffels whatfotver, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, which Should be found trading in any port or place of the said coionics, or going to trade, or coming from tracting, in any such port or place. Should become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the ships and ejfebls of open enemies, and Should be so adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts whatsoever: and it was thereby further enabled.

That she flag officers, captains, commanders, and other commlffioned officers in his mg]efly's pay, and also the seamen, marines, and joldiers on board, Should have the jve interefi and property of and in all and every such ship, vrjjel, goods, and merchandise, which they Jhouldfeize and take, (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty, ) to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty Should by proclamation direbl: and it was by the said abl further enabled, That after the sale or sales of any prize or prizes, which Should be taken in pursuance of or by virtue of the said abl, public notification or notifications Should be given and pubiijhed in such manner as is therein particularly mentioned; after which several and rejpcbhve notifications, if any men's shares should remain in the hands of the persons or agents appointed for the sale and dijlribution of such prizes in manner therein mentioned, either belonging to such men as Should be run from his Majesty s service, or which Should not be legally demanded within three years, then such Share or shares so remaining in the persons or agents hands, or belong ing to such men as Should run from his Majesty's service, should go and be paid to the use of Greenwich Hospital; it was by the said obi further enabled. That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, and others, who Should sell or otherwise dispose of any prize or prizes foto be taken as aforesaid, Should, within the space of three calendar months next after the day to be appointed for the first payment or difiributton to the captors of such prize or prizes, made in pursuance of such public notification, make out, and transmit or doti

u4 ver

232

Recital of 17 Geo. 3. C 7.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.44. [1781.

ver unto the treasurer of the [aid royal hospital of Greenwich for the time being, or to such person or per Jons as he Should for that purpose depute or appoint, a true state and account in writings under the band or bands of such agent or agents, or person or persons Jo employed, of tke produce of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid, together with an account of the payments of tke several Jbares to the captors as Should then have been really and bona tide by him or them reffectively paid, and also that all and every person and persons, agents, and others who, by virtue of the said act, Should sell or dispose oj any prize or prizes, which Should at any time or times thereafter be taken by any of his Majesty s Ships or vffils of war, such person and persons, agent and agents, so filling and disposing thereof ', Should within the Jpace of three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of three years, limited by the said act, make out on exact account in writing of the produce of all such prize and prizes, as also of the payments of the several Jbares to the respective captors, together with a true and just account, upon oath to be taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any other person or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authorised, in writing under his hand and seal, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and his suffi dent deputy and deputies, authorised as aforesaid, were thereby authorised and empowered to admimfier) of all sum and fiums of money as should be then remaining in such agent or agents, or persons custody power, or possession; and should at the same time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being or bis sufficient deputy or agent, the said accounts, so attested upon oath as aforesaid, together with ail such remaining sum and sums of money then Jo left and remaining in his or their bands as aforesaid taking from the said treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and paid in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for enabling the commirtioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commissions to the commanders of private ships and velfels, employed in trade, or retained in his majesty's service, to take and make prize of all such ships and vessels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time, ) it was enacted. That the several regulations and prew fions exprtjfed and contained in the before recited act, and all clauses

matters and things, therein expressed and contained, Should be applied and made use of for effectually carrying the now reciting aft into execution, so far as the said regulations and provisions, dauses, provisoes, matters and things, contained in the said recited act, relate to or in any wise concern the condemnation, or other determination, of prizes, and the proceedings thereupon, and also tke appraifements and jales of prizes, and payment of prize money: and it was, by the said act, further enacted. That there fhculd be paid by the treasurer of his Majeftty s navy, upon bills to be made forth by the commissioners of the navy, to be paid as therein mentioned, unto the officers, fiamen, marines, soldiers, or others, that Should be actually on board any of his Majesty's ships of war or merchant slip or

1781] Anno vicesimo primp Georgii III C 44. 283

Ships retained in his Majesty's ferviqe, to be commissioned as therein mentioned, its any action where any ship or Ships of war, or privateer or privateers, Should be taken from the rebels, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by virtue or in pursuance of the said act, five pounds for every man who was living on board any ship or Ships so taken. Junk, burnt, or oihertuife de/iroyed, at the beginning of the engagement between them, the numbers of such men to be proved as therein mentioned: and it was thereby further enabled. That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty thereby granted, Should be made payable to such person or persons as Should be authorised and appointed by the captors, as therein mentioned, in like manner as directed by the said recited act, for nominating and appointing agents for ap fraifements and fates to be made as afore said, the same to be divided, difiributtd, and appointed, amonyfi the captors, in such manner, foryn, and proportion, as therein mentioned; the several Jbares of which copters, if not legally demanded within three years after public notification, and alto of such as Should be run from his Majesty's service,

Should be applied to the use oj Greenwich Hospital: and whereas by an act of parliament, puffed in the nineteenth year of the reign of Recital of 19 his present Maje fly, (entitled, An act for the encouragement of geo.3tc.67. seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his majesty's navy; ) after reciting that his Majesty, by order in council, dated the twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, was pleafid to order, that general reprizals be granted against the Ships, goods, and subjects, of the French king, and that as well all his Majesty's fleets and Ships, as aljo all other Ships and vejjels that Should be commissioned by letters of mark, or general reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Should and might lawfully Jeize all Ships, vfjfels, and goods, belonging to the French king, or his fupjests, or others inhabiting within any the territories of the French kit gand bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majesty's dominions, it was enacted. That the fhg officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and feidlers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay,

Jbculd have the foie interest and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken ftnee the twenty-ninth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or Should thereafter take during the continuance of bojlilities against France, after the same Should have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his majesty, in any of his Majesty s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's plantations in America, or elfraiberii to be divided in such proportions, and ofter such manner, as his Majesty had by his proclamation, of the sixteenth day September last, already orde ed and directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and fueceffiors, Should think fit to order and dire ft by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be issued for those purposes: and it was by the J'said act further enacted. That after the sale or sales of any prize or prizes, which had been or Should be taken from the enemy by any of his majesty's Ships of war, public notification or notifications, in manner therein mentioned, Should be given by the persons or agents

appointed,

Anno vicesimo primo georgii III c.44. [1781.

appoint ed, in pur frame of the powers contained in tie aid ail, fa the payment of the fever al/hares to the captors; after which feverd and respective notifications, if any men's hares Should remain in the bands of the per Jons or agents appointed for the sale and difir ibution of such prizes, in manner therein mentioned, either belonging to such men as Should be run from his Majejlfs service, or which Should net be legally demanded within three years, then such bare or bares fi remaining in tlx persons or agents hands, or belonging to such men as Should be run from his Majesty's service, Should go and be paid to the use of Greenwich Hospital; and it whs by the said act further intituled, That there Should be paid, by the trea/urer of his Majejbjs navy, upon bills to be made forth by the commi(/oners of the navy, U be paid according to the courje thereof, without fee or reward, unts the officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, or others, who Should have been aftuafly on board any of his Majesty's ship or Ships of war, or privateer or pr 'tvaieers, at the taking, or sinking, or burning, or otherwise dejlroying, any hip or hips of war belonging to the enemy, ftnte the twenty ninth day of July one thou[and seven hundred and event) eighty, five pounds for every man who was living on board any hip or hips, Jo taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise def rayed, at the beginning of the attack or engagement between them, the numbers 0/ Jucb men to be proved as therein mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted. That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty thereby granted to the commanders, officers, seamen, marines, soldiers, and others, of his Mojejly's hips of war, for taking, sinking, burning,

. or otherwise dejlroying, any Jhps of war, or privateers, belonging to any of his Majesty's enemies, should be made payable to such per sin or persons as Jbculd be authorised and appointed by the captors, as therein mentioned, in like manner as therein is directed for the nominating end appointing agents for appraifements and faes, to be made as afotejaii, the Janie to be difiributed and divided amongst the captors, in jucb manner, form, and proportion, as therein mentioned; the fivtrcl hares of which captors, if not legally demanded within three years after public notification, and aloof such as Should run from his Mojejly's service, should be applied to the use 0/* Greenwich Hospital: and it was thereby further enacted. That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, and others, who Should sell or otberuifi dijpo/e of any prize or prizes foto be taken as afore/aid, Should within the pace of three calendar months next after the day to be appointed sir the first payment or dijlributicn to the captors of Juth prize cr prizer, meat in pursuance of such public notification, make out, and ironj mit or deliver unto the treofurir of the/aid royal hospital at Greenwich for the time being, or to such person cr persons as he Should sir that purpose depute and appoint, a' true state and account, in writing under the hand or bands of such agent or agents, or person cr person Jo employed, of the produce of all Jucb prize and prizes as afaefiio, together with gh account of the payment of the several hares to tie captors, as Should then have been really and truly by him cr them n spectively paid; and also that all and every person and persons, authorised and appointed by the said act, to receive bills for the bounty thereby granted, Should within the pace of three calendar months next

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.44. B

after the dayappointed for the first payment or distribution offucb bills, for the bounty as aforesaid, in like manner make out, and trans nit or deliver to the treasurer for the time being of the said hospital,

r to his sufficient deputy, a true state and account, in writing under his or their hand or hands, of the payment and distribution of such bills \ and further, That all and every person and persons, agents, and others, who by virtue of the said acts should sell and dispose of any prize or prizes, which had already been, or should at any time or times thereafter be taken from the said enemy by any ef his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or who should receive or dispose of any bill or bills for bounty, such person and persons, agents, and others, so selling end iifpofmg thereof, should, within the space of the three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of tpree years, limited by the said act, make out an exact account, in writing of the produce of such prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty, as also of the pay mint of the several shares to the respective captors, together with a true and just account upon oath, to be taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any other person or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authorised, in writing under his hand and seal, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and his sufficient deputy or deputies, authorised as aforesaid, were thereby authorised and empowered to administer) of all sum and sums of money as should be then remaining in such agent or agents, or persons custody, power, or possession, and should at the same time deliver, or cqufe to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or to bis sufficient deputy or agent, the said! accounts so atteftei upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining sum and sums of money then so left and remaining in his of their bands as aforesaid, taking jrom the said treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same: and whereas by an act of par Qq

liament, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Ma Geo. 3, cap. fifty, (entitled. An a to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy; and for m king further provisions for those purposes)) reciting that his Majifty, by order in council, dated the eighteenth day of June, one thousand fiven hundred and seventy nine, was pleased to order, that general reprizals be granted against the ships, goods, and subjefis, of the king of Spain, and that as well all his Majesty's fleets and ships, as also all other ships and vessels that should be com mijfmed by letters of mark, or general9reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty's commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, Should and might lawfully seize all ships, vessels, end goods, belonging to the king of Spain, or his subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the king of Spain, and bring the same to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majesty's dominions; it was enacted, That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board every slip and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, Should have the Jole interest and property of and in all and every ship, vcffiel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken fines the eighteenth day of June,

am

286 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III 0, 44. [1781.'

one thousand even hundred and jtwenty nine, or Should thereafter take during the continuance of hofiilities against Spain, after thf*same Should have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Majestyf in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or it his Majesty's plantations in America, or efewhere, to be divided in J'ucb proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty bad by his )proclamation of the twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, already ordered and dire (led, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Should think fit to order and direst by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be issued for iboft purposes; and reciting, that tithe act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, herein before recited, feverdl prcvifms and regulations were established for the better carrying on the salutary purposes by the said act intended in the prosecution of hojlilities against France, it was enacted, '[hat the several regulations and prcvifms respecting the grant of commissions or letters of mark, the persons acting, and the captures made, under the author ity of such commijfi ens or Utters of mark, and all other claujes, provisoes, matters and things, contained in the said act, Should extend, and be conjirued and deemed to extend, to the grant of commissions or letters of mark, to the persons acting, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark, for general reprizals against the Ships, goods, and subjects of the king of Spain, and all other matters or things whatsoever in respect of the same, during the hojlilities against Spain, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same regulations, provisiens, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, had bren particularly repeated and re enacted in the said act: and whereas by an act of parliament, passed in the present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for the encouragement of Recital of 11 seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual manning his o. 3, cap. majesty's navy, ) after reciting that his Majesty, by order in council dated the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, was pleased to order that general reprizals be granted against the ships, goods, 'and subjects, of the fates general of the United Provinces; and that as well all his Majesty's fleets and Ships, as alfi edl other Ships and vessels that Should be commissloned by letters of mark or general reprizals, or otherwise, by his Majesty s commissl entrs for executing the office of lord high admiral of great Britain, Should and might laivfully seize all Ships, vessels, and goods, belonging to the states general of the United Provinces, or their subjects, or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the Jlates general of the United provinces, and bring the same to judgement in any of. the courts of admiralty within his Majesty dominions; it was enacted, 7 hat the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen'

'and joidlers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, Should have the foie inttrefl and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, and merchandizes, which they had taken ftnee the twentieth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or Should thereafter take during the continuance of hojlilities again the states general of the United Provinces, after ft re same should have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Mash

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.44. j

)eflyy in any of his Majeflfs courts of admiralty in Great Britain; or in his Majtjlf s plantations in America, or elsewhere; to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty had, by bis proclamation of the twenty seventh day of December, one'iboufand [even hundred and eighty, already ordered and dire fled, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, should think fit to order and d/refli by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be 'jfued for those purposes; reciting, that by the acts of the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his prejent: Majfty, herein before recited, several provisions and regulations were eflablifioed for the better carrying on the salutary purposes by the said acts hit ended in the prosecution of hojlilities again ft France and Spain, it was enacted,

That the several regulations and provisions, refipefling the grant of tmmijfions or letters of mark, the persons a sling, and the captures made under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark, and all other clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, contained in the said acts, should extend, and be conjlrued and deemed to extend, to the grant of commissions and letters of mark, to the persons a sling, and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions or letters of mark for general reprizals again the fr ips, goods, and subjects, of the fates general of the United Provinces, and all aether matters or things whatsoever in respect of the same, during the continuance of hostilities again the states general of the United Provinces, as fully, amply, and ajfeflually, to all intents and purposes, as ij the same regulations, provisions, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the said act: and whereas the several provisions contained in the said acts, arc in many cases insufficient to compel the payment of such forfeited and unclaimed fljares of prize and bounty money, as remain in the hands of the agents in America, and other his Maiefifs dominions beyond the sea, at the expiration of the term limited by the said acts to the treasurer of the said hospital: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and af From Nov. ter the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and 1781, agents, eight one, all and every person and persons, agent and agents, wh°(ha; i and others, who shall sell or otherwise dispose of any prize, so prize, or re^' be taken as aforesaid from any of his majesty's enemies, or uive'any who shall receive any bills for the bounty granted by the said bounty bills acts, shall, within the space of three calendar months next after within*the day to be appointed for the first payment or distribution to j^bvendof the captors of such prize, and bounty bill or bills, made in every 3 pursuance of the notification by the said recited acts direct months du CD and also at the end of every three calendar months, during ring jyeare, the term of three years, limited by the said recited acts, 'make out and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such person or per count of the fons, as the treasurer of the said hospital shall, from time to produce of time, for that purpose depute or appoint, in the colony, island, or place; in which such prize shall be condemned or sold.*^f^oilow

state and account in writing, under the hand or b''-as ot iuc" "ig.

agent

*98

Form of the account.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 44. [*781.

agent or agents, or person or persons so employed, containing the name of such prize, and the gross and net produce thereof, the number of persons entitled to share therein, diftinguilhing their several dalles, with the name and names of the ship and ships, and also of the captain or captains, and commanders, by which the same was taken, together also with the payments of the several shares as shall then have been really and truly by him or them respectively said; which account and accounts shall be made and delivered in the following form :

AN Account of the gross and net produce of the a

prize, taken by his majesty's ship the captain

commander, and of the bounty bills in respect thereof, (in case any bounty is payable, ) as alio of the numb of persons entitled to share in such prize and bounty, (in caff any bounty is payablej distinguishing their dalles, with the payments of the several shares between (the daf

advertised for payment) and

A

el

t. £ :

i

MU

i 3

O

#

o

w

0

o

E

a.

o

I'

8.

67

do

Gross produce of prize, and amount of, bounty bill, (in case any bounty is payable J

Net produce.

d.

Number of persons of each class entitled to share

-

- Commissioned officers Warrant officers

Petry officers Able, C

nc

Ntnpber of persons of each ciafs paid; flic (inn pafflia each, and the total.^';

>*-

- Captain -

- Commitfio^. officers

- Warrant officers, at

- Petty officers, at

- Able, cat -

. %'X

each, Ts .

each, is -

each &.

is'r

Total -

A. B. Agent, (or one of the agents.)

JJ

0°

O

O

290 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 44. [17$!.

and in case any person or persons, entitled to share in the produce of such prize, shall not be cntirled to share in the bounty money payable in respect thereof, then a distinct account of the amount of the bounty bifls, the net produce, and distribution thereof, shall be asso delivered to the deputy of such treasurer, by the agent or agents of such prize, at the same time and times, and agreeable to the form herein before prescribed for accounts of prize and bounty money, and the payments thereof. A t CII And be it further enacted. That in case any person or peril egletting to fons, agent or agents, or others, who shall so sell or dispose of deliver such any prize or prizes foto be taken as aforesaid, and shall refuse account, shall or negledf to deliver any such account, in manner and form as forfeit tool tie same js herein before directed, to such person or persons as shall be so deputed by the treasurer of the said hospital, and at such times as are herein before limited and appointed for that purpose, he or they so refusing or negledhng, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds. Treasurer of HI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law thehospital, or full to and for the treasurer of the said hospital, or his deputy, hisdeputymay or person appointed by him in that behalf, and he and they is infpedtagents ancj are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, at any prize lists, C time or times, within one calendar month after the expiration of the term of three years limited by the said ate, to have recourse to and inspect all prize lids and pay lids of any such a gent or agents, or person or persons as aforesaid, refpedking any prize or prizes, the forfeited and unclaimed shares of which are by the said recited ah directed to be applied to the said hospital, and to take copies of the whose of such accounts, or such part or parts thereof as he or they shall think necessary, such copies to be begun before the expiration of the said calendar month. Agents, CIV And be it further enacted, That in case any such agent or a6ents> or person or persons as aforesaid, shall, within forfeit sooi.° time herein before limited for infpedting such lids, refuse to produce, or shall not produce, to the treasurer of the said hospital, or his deputy, or person appointed as aforesaid, upon requed, such lids, and suffer him or them to inspect and peruse the same, and to take such copies thereof, or of such parts thereof, as he or they shall think necessary; such agent or agents, person or petons, so refufihg or neglecting, shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

. V And be it further enacted, 'That such person and persons, in three with" agent anc agents, shall, within the space of three calendar months after months next after the term of three years limited by the said the term of as, make out an exact account in writing of the produce of

three years such prize and prizes, bill and bills for bounty, as also of the

i^dted a2t*the Payments of the several shares to the respective captors, toge are to make there with a just and true account, upon oath, to be taken be oatan me fore the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any count of the other person Or persons by him for that purpose deputed and au pri«scand thorifed, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and bounty bills, his sufficient deputy and deputies, are hereby authorised and C empowered

*78 !] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii lit. C 44; 291

empowered to administer) of all sum and sums of money as *

shall be then remaining in such agent or agents, or persons custody, power, or possession, on account of such prize and prizes and bounty bill of bills; and shall at the same time deliver, or^deliver cause to be delivered, unto such person or persons as the said the same, with treasurer shall depute and appoint for that purpose, in the the balance in colony or island in which such prize or prizes shall be so con hand, to the demned or sold, the said accounts so attested upon oath as afore p^rj[on £1 said, and pay over or tender to the said deputy or deputies, all treasurer ** remaining sum and sums of money then so left and remaining in his or their hands as aforesaid, taking from the said de puty or deputies his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same.

VI And be it further enacted, That if any such agent or a ort gents, or persons, shall neglect or refuse to deliver the said last agents neg mentioned account or accounts, to the deputy or deputies of k&iog to deli the treasurer of the said hospital, within the time before limit yer such ac ed for the same, in manner and form as is herein before mentis count, # oned; or if such agent or agents, or persons, shall negles or reor to pay such fuse to pay over, or tender to the said deputy or deputies respect b*l*nce. ively, all and every such sum and sums of money as (hail remain in his or their hand or hands, power, custody, or possession,

after the term of three years so limited by the said acts, he or they shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the amount of the sum or sums of money (if any) which were in such agent or agents hands, power, custody, or possession, at the expiration of the terrn of three years limited by the said acts.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Agents oblige That, for the better discovery of all such forfeited and unclaimed to answered shares of prize and bounty money as shall remain in the h, bills, hands of any agent or agents, or person or persons aforesaid, af them in ter the term of three years, so limited by the said acts, such fny court Of agent or agents, or other person or persons aforesaid, shall be equity, obliged and compellable to answer, upon oath, such bill or bills, information or informations, as shall be hied against him or

them in any court of equity, for discovering the moneys remain*in his or their hands.

VIII And be it further enacted. That if any such agent or Penalty on agents, or person or persons as aforesaid, shall make use of, agent making commit, permit, do, or suffer, any fraud, collusion, or deceit,

in making up, stating, or balancing any of the accounts hereinbefore directed, he and they so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, (over and above the penalties and punishments inflicted bv this act) the sum of one hundred pounds

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, shall be Penalties and applied to the use of the said royal hospital; and shall and may forfeitures ble sued for and recovered, with costs of suit, in the name how to be r*m of the commissioners and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Grewwhb, in the county of Kent by action Vol. XXXIII X of

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii 111. C 44. [1781;

of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record in the colony or place where such agent or agents shall reside and be, in which it shall be sufficient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of being

forfeited by an act, passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, bear insert the title of the afi, ] wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X And be it further enacted, That so much of the said re part of the cited acts as imposes a penalty of one hundred pounds on agents

rec tafd^# alk p^0118 not transmitting or delivering the accounts therein repea e. mentioned to the treasurer of the said hospital, or his deputy or agent, or within the time therein limited, or neglecting to pay over such sum and sums of money as therein mentioned, shall (except as to agents for prizes condemned in Great Britain) be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XL And whereas sundry Ships and vessels belonging to his Majej this act to fy's enemies have been, and may, before the first day of November, Crfzesdalready one ^oufand seven hundred and eighty one, be taken and made prize taken or** of by his Majesty's Ships of war, and no dijlribution of the produce which may be of such prizes, or of the bounty money in respect thereof \ may have taken before been made before the said first day of November, be it further of°the*ro ** cna<^c<^ authority aforesaid. That in case any ship or

duce whereof vessel belonging to any of his majesty's enemies hath already no diftribu been, or shall, before the first day of November, one thousand tion shall have seven hundred and eighty one, be taken and made prize of by noro?the* any S ^ajesty's P.S.. war, anc no distribution of the probounty mo ^ucc f ^uc*1 pr*ze> or f the bounty money in respect thereof, ifey, on or be shall have been made on the said first day of November, that then fore the said and in every such case the several clauses, provisions, regulations, Nov'*and penalties, contained in this act, shall, and are hereby declared to extend to every such prize, and to the bounty money in respect thereof, and also to all agents and others appointed or to be appointed for the condemnation and sale of such prize, in i such and the same manner, and as fuljy and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such prize were taken after the said first day of November; anything herein contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XII And be it further enacted, That nothing herein con thu aft not a; nccj shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any capture cawuki con which shall be condemned or sold in any port or place within demned or Great Britain, nor to any bounty money arising therefrom or in sold in Great respect thereof, nor to any agent or agents, or person or persons, Britain, C to^appointed for the condemnation or sale of such capture;

anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP.

17$ t] Anno Vicefirno primo Georgii III C 45. 293

CAP. XLV

Jn act for continuing and amending an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for appointing ana enabling commissioners to examines take, and state the public account of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hand of accountants, which may be applied to the f public fcrvjqe; and what defects there aie in the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for'public mopey; and in what more expeditious and effectual* and Iels expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public

WHEREAS by an act, made in thelassessian of pat liament, (entitled. An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and state the public accounts 10 gco*^t of the kingdom; and to report what balances are in the hands C ***

of accountants, which may be applied to the public services and what defers there are ip: the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public moneys and lin what more expeditious and effectual, and less ex pen five manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried oh for the benefit >bf the public), certain perfims 'therein homed were eonjhtuted commissioners for examining, iukhtgd and''tbtat \ counts of all duties, taxes, and moms, granted, raftd, And appropriated for the public service of this kingdom, witch bad been iffuod to any perfin br perfifis whatsoever, whnfe, final octomitf/have tootbi! tberto fain faffed before the auditor of the imprefidattending to the, forms of the exchequer, or wbo/e accounts, although\passed, 'Mtketou

for fexvfces which have been performed finte the first faydfi ljanua .^

ry, one thousand'seven hundred and fevttety six \ and also'of'm hob, M'f^

duties, taxes, and moneys, which (hold thereafter be granted, raijed, t,

and appropriated for the public service of this kingdom^kt anytime .jift; rr; before the determination of the said act, and of all arrears thereof; bk^f and also for examining and sating in what manner, and at wbot ' 5 "

times, the receipts, issues, and expenditures of' the said public moneys were then accounted for, and for considering of arid reporting by. what means and methods the public accounts might in futsift be puffed, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances or. moneys due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less. expenfme manner: And whereas the said commissioners have made a confident bit progress in the execution of the powers vefied in. them by the said.. and have, in the course and order of the examinations uni proceedings taken and had by virtue thereof fiated and reported to his Majesty, and to parliament, funiry matters of great impor/dnek akd concern to the public service, and it is highly expedient that the ck- quiries into, and examinations of the otper accounts, matters, and things, referred to' them by the said act, hold be continued and finished, and the result of them fiatei, "for the further information end faiitfaftion of his mcijefiy'and his people, be it therefore^enacted by the King's moult excellent majesty, by and the advice

X 2 and

294

commiflxon crs appointed to examine and date the public accounts of the kingdom.

The recited act to continue in force after July 5, 2787*

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.45. [1781.'

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That lieutenant general sir Guy Car let on, Thomas Anguish esquire, Arthur Piggott esquire, Richard Neave esquire, Samuel Beachcroft esquire, and George Drummond esquire, or anylhrec or more of them, shall be, and are hereby constituted coramif iioners for examining taking, and dating the accounts in'the said recited act mentioned; and also for examining and dating in what manner, and at what times, the receipts, issues, and expenditures of the said public moneys are now accounted for, .and for considering of and reporting by what means and methods the public accounts may in future be patted, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances of moneys due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive manner; and that the said act, and every clause, matter, and thing' contained therein, and all the powers and authorities given to the (and commissioners therein named, or any three or more of them, shall be and continue in full force and virtue, .to all intents, constructions, and purposes whatsoever, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and, eighty one and shall and may be executed by the commissioners hereby constituted, or any three or more or them,

II And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority m empowered aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of to examine ac them, are hereby authorised and empowered to examine the fe ^aordina^" *veral accounts of extraordinary services incurred, and not pro fences not vided for by parliament, which have been laid before the house provided for of commons since the first day of January, one thousand (even by parliament, hundred and seventy six, ana (hail have the same powers and houftcoffc ^- authorities in that respect as are given to the said commissioners mons, since*11* appointed by the said recited act, for taking and dating the accounts therein mentioned.

' III And be it further enacted. That no person appointed a commissioner by this act, shall accept of or hold any civil office of profit during pleasure, from or under his Majesty, during the continuance of this act.

IV And be it further enacted. That any three of the said commissioners in this act, before they enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, or before the master of the rolls for the time being, (which they and either of them are hereby authorised and re the chancellor quired to administer), the tenor whereof shall be as followeth; of the exche (that is to say), quer, See. V J

Com mi lion

Jan. t91776.

No commissioner to hold a civil office of profit during pleasure under his Majesty.

Any three of the commissioners to be sworn before

The oath. T A. B. do swear, That, according to the hest of my jkiu and how

A ledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, execute the severed powers and trusts veiled in me by an act, (entitled. An act for continuing and amending an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, .44 An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and date the public accounts of the kingdom j and to report what balances are in the bands

"of

1781.] Anna vicefimaprirrft Georgii III c.46. $95

ft of accountants, which may be applied to the.publick service;

and what defers there are in the present mode of re u ceiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less,

''expensive manner, the said f^rvices can ip future be regulat u ed and carried on for the benefit of the public; ") according to the tenor and purport of the*said act.

And every other of the said commissioners in this act named The said three shall likewise take the fameoathfbefctfe the said three commission er, who are. hereby authorised and required to administer the the oath to the same after they (half themselves have taken the_faid oath as rest, aforesaid. t

V And be it further enabled, That the lords commissioners ^furymay of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, are payi>0ool. to hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all the order of such turns xrfmoney, not exceeding, two thousand pounds, tortbe commit such person or perforts as the said cbmmissioners, or any three or.fiodcrf' more of them, hall, by writing under their hands desire or direct,

out of any part of the public moneys remaining in .bis.....

majesty's exchequer; which urns, so iflyed and paid shall be^hcreo? n

employed fxk the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers,

and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about

the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner and

in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the aid commissioners,

or any three or more of them, by writing under

their hands and seals, in that behalf; the same to be accounted

for by the person pr persons to whom Jhe same shall be issued of

paid, according to the course of his mqefty's exchequer, with r

out any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded for the

issuing and payment of the (hme oh the passing t>f the ftid accounts,

othfr than such sum ther$y commissioners, or any

three or more of them, shall appoint.

VI And be it further enacted, That if any such public atf» Executor of countant is dead, the executors'of administrators bf such deceaf accountants ed accountant shall, when required thereto by the commissioners,

or any three or more of them, .attend the said commissioners, andexecute and obfenre and exeoute the orders and directions of the said their order, commissioners, in like manner as accountants by this act are required to do.; f J.. >

VIJAND be it further enacted, That this act, so far as recontinuance latesto the powers of taking, examining, and (fating accounts, f this act, and administering of oaths and iflumg df precepts, Sail endure for tlip fpape of one year from the fifth day of Julyy one thoi^ send seven hundred and eighty one, and no longer....

XLVI

....... p n «.

An act to enable John Bowater esquire, to grant 1eases, .ln possession dr jeversion, of n dockyard and land at Woolwich, in the county of Kent, (being part of his settled estate)) the priodpal officers and eanuniffionera of his majesty's navy, in behalf of his majesty*fcia heirs and(bocefiorf. <77 rri

Xj Preamble

/

vicefiftio primo geokgir III C 47; [1781.'

Preamble. Recital of an indenture, dated Dec. if, 1775* 'r^tal of indentures of lease apd release, dated Jijly 301 and July 31* 177?. Term of 500 years to Robert Bathurst and Arthur Gregory, C upon trutt tq provide for younger children. Cammifltoners of the navy haye pro

Sofed to take a long sease of the premises comprised in the recited sh enture of lease 5rc. John Bowaterimpo were d to lease the said premifer. td* them, in behalf of his Ma jelly, for any term of yean; feferving the best rent that can be got ter the same, without, taking any premium, CC To whom the said rent shall be payable. General favlng.

CAP. XLVH. /

An act to amend and enlace the powers of an act, passed in the eleventh year of hu pfefent majesty's reigif, fbr performing fevehfl Works, and;

; improvements within the university and city of Oxford, and the suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining parifk ot Saint Clement..

ipreamble. .Recital of an act it, Geo. 3. A new stone bridge over the rivercherwill; near Magdalen Cbllege not completed, and*other works doixt gnd a debt incurred. Preftnt term of the taiupfor si years not ioflficient to, complete the dettg^. The terdyef fyrmeraft respecting Lollt^. C continued for a further term of i years. Double, toll on Sundays To be col left ed, ' t.. by former aftf. Passengers ?n; returned carnages to pay. 'Expense of cleanfirig and lighting the bridge: dut if the sobs, : fsnalty for damaging the bridge, ftp. if)not felony 5^ betides damhgn9.rr Penalty on getting over the bridge, buiwfrg Of fdvnf* ing trees.^c, net it xps. and^continuing nuifante ia days after notice 5$. per dayr c?ommitttoners empowered to widen the Hign Street. Act ihpealed, as to paymgexpences of paving out of rhetoll*. All the ftie^tst lanes, die, *6 be t)sw^pavcd. Method of rauwfg oionvy for paving, .*©.*, pairing, cieansing, £hd lighting. { two hubs of qeceflary fuins raised maind.er by pound rates Tor rpai deanfmg thfe streets; C by Vhe otctjpiers. Limitation of moneys to be raised, thrtttfifths to be paid by ovtners\ sot paving is. per i.per annum; by occupiers for repairing as. per 1. pin: annum, and or cleansing 1 s per 1. per annum. All arrears due to coufractors, C to be paid. Rates to be recovered as by the former act. tjhe univernty to' pay their proportion. The univfffify to kfccrtiin the futo they adjudge to be the quota of each college Or; bell uifi?eriity *<£de0uft a reasonable allowance" for., thie expmceiiijdelloftangi i^ejcmptions from the jhf public market, and pa&ur©> dr arable Undent}

gardens.above an acre, used for me_otpjro4ucetla; )d p^f/om fxcufed from 'poor's rit ort account 6f pbvfc'iryt1 J'application of'mctarfy arising by the - rates, for the piirpofes in thwift ^ridbb other. TP C

; or fasr^art paving cates; tome pave ttceecn the dame fbau beal 4ojwed 4%paidan fequty rate. The freer called 4 jie/3'url tp b w^de^d. Incapacitated persons empowered to (ell and convey, if parties neglect to treat, q. damages to bc^afcerlained by a jury, vyben eftdtes art paid for twe paftager may be Widsmkf.^ Time lfonttfecf Wpsying phrehafe money: thrce cafendar months.fife? decree noaoedf

.callyig Atjo W y «° proceedings: swfepp* qr pu^afe dot paid in

time, t L -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- "-- -- -- ' " J ' r" "

money

that a new mairfcthas beerlt: bropaefec[, be sold in 14 hours, if not replevied. Butter, eggs, and fruit, to be sold in the new market only. jem? fns]t (bid by inhabitants in their own (hops, of their own growth, or purchased in the said market.) Foreign *4kait excepted., f Pet tom to pay for selling wf tbfcnfeihtbe are onrtbe notah of tue marktt.^ Recital of agtotmentf, tbttfc>tbs; new jmrkct ihau be afiegbd m xbc paritti of AH fiaints, at the rite of i^ql^ perajinom.and st.: n^ifflaelu, at^lpefcansupi* The above agreements confirmed. Penalty on making obftruftiona in the avenues from the High Stnetc to.mi.rih f the

*97

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 48.

the market 5s. and not left than is. Penalty on breaking lamps', cos. each. Stage wagons and post chafes not to be left in the streets. Penalty on caunng nuisances; for first offence 10s. second 15s. and third sos. The former a extended to projecting blinds, and to other nuisances in the streets, Sic. or in the parish of St. Clement. For emptying pools of stale into the lirects, except between twelve at night, and four in the morning, to forfeit 10s. Clauie in former a for sweeping the streets twice a week, repealed: and seven or more coramissioners may contra with fcavengeis for cleansing the streets, See. twice in every week, wherein to be specified the work to be done, the manner and time of doing it, and the price and a penalty for nonperformance, and public notice to be given previous to such contra; to be paid out of the money railed for cleansing and lighting. Nuisances by filth, Sec. Penalty for fist offence 5s. second 7s. 6d. and third ios. Times of emptying bog houses, C between twelve at night and five in the morning in summer, and four in winter. Carting filth in streets, Sec. penalty 40s. and not under 20s. Foot paths to be swept by the inhabitants. Scavengers duty; to carry away filth, See. brought out of houses, immediately after the streets are swept, and to sweep twice a week the foot paths not adjoining to some coliege, hall, or hftuse, on penaltyof 20s. betides the penalty in contra. Qualification of commiilioners poftetied of 401, in lands, or 8001. personai estate, on penalty in the former a. Commit fioners* oath. viz.

I A. B. do swear. That I truly and bona side am in my own right, or in the right of my wife, in the a#ual possession and enjoyment, or receipt of the rents and profits, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, above reprizes, or poftefled of, or entitled to, a personai estate to the amount of eight hundred pounds.'

Fellows of colieges, and students of Christchurch, may a without any other qualification. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered as by the former a, and applied one moiety to the informer, and the other to thq purposes of this act. Expenses of this a, to be paid out of the first though ney anting. Former a continued with this.' Public a.

CAP. XLVIII

An act to dir ell the payment into the exchequer of the refpellive balances remaining in the hands of the several ptrfons therein named for the use and benefit of the public j and for indemnifying the said refpellive ptrjons, and their representatives, in refpeli of such payments, and agatnjl all furture claims relating thereto; ana far other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an all of parliament, made in the twentieth p, .

year of the reign of his prejent Majesty, intituled, Ana Recitaj 0} tq for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take Qeo. 3< Wp and state the public accounts of the kingdomj and to report 54. what balances are in the hands of accountants, which may be applied to the public service; and what defe#s there are in the present mode of receiving, collecting, iisuing, and accounting for public money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive manner, the said services can in future be regulated and carried on for the benefit of the public; it was enabled

Thai lieutenant general sir Guy Carleton, Thomas Auguilh ef

tyre, Arthur Piggott esquire, Richard Neave efqutre, Samuel eachcroft esquire, James Tierney esquire and George Drummond ejquire, or any three of them Should be, and were thereby con

X 4 fiituted

298 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 48. [1781*

Jlituted (ommijjioners for examining, taking, andfating the accounts rif all duties, taxes, and moneys, granted, roifed, and appropriated, for the public service of this kingdom, which bad been issued to any pert son or persons whatfoe^jer, whose final accounts had not then been passed before the auditor of the imprest, according to the forms of the exchequer, or whose accounts, although passed, had been for services which had been performedfince the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy ftx; and for considering of, and reporting by what means and methods the public accounts might in future be pqffed, and the accountants compelled to pay the balances, and moneys due from them, in a more expeditious, more effectual, and lefi expensive manner: and to the intent that the public might sooner avail themselves of same of the advantages intended to be derived from the said act, it was thereby further enacted. That the aid commissioners Should in the first place, take an account of the public moneys in the hands of the several accountants, and for that purpose Should call on them to deliver in a cash account, and Should consider what sum it might be proper to leave in the hands of each accountant respectively, for carrying on the services to which the same was or might be applicable, and what sums might be taken out of their hands to be disposed Third report of by parliament for the public service: and whereas six of the said of the com commissioners, by their third report, bearing date the sixth day of March,

^ icd^ma* h rt' thoufynd seven hundred and eighty one, under their hands and«"tl«seals ana by them presented to the house of commons in pursuance of Balances in the said act, did certify, that the sum ofseventyfix thousandfevtn the hands of hundred ninety three pounds, eighteen Billings, and one penny farth the late trea ing, was then remaining in the hands of several of the late treasurers luier* of t, he pj frls juajefifs navy who had resigned their offices, or in the hani{ h*vy» C ifo respective executors, adminijlrators, andassigns, or the perfo rial representatives of suck of them as were dead, (videlicet, ) the sum of twelve thousand three hundred and sixty pounds, three Jbiflings, and jour pence three fflrthings, remaining in the hands of the right honourable George Nugent earl Temple, the personalrepresentative pj the right honourable George Grenville deceased, Iqte treasurer of his Majefif s navy, the sum of thirteen thousand seven hundred sixty three pounds, seven billings, and one penny three farthings, remaining in the bends of the right honourable William lord viscount Barrington in the kingdom of Ireland, also late treasurer of his Majesty's navy -, the sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred and six pounds, eleven/billings, and five pence three farthings, remaining in the hands of the right honourable Richard lord viscount Howe in the kingdom cf Ireland, also late treasurer of his Majesty's navy -, and the sum of twenty seven thousand five hundredsixty three pounds, sixteen billings, and one penny, Remaining in the hands of sir Gilbert Elliot baronet the Fourth re personal representative of the right honourable sir Gilbert Elliot ba

port, dated ronet deceased, also late treasurer of his Majesty's navy: and whereas,

April 9, 17ji. fa the fourth report, bearing date the ninth day of April, one tbeu balances in Jan f*v*n hundred and eighty one, under the hands and jeals of six of of the hands the said commissioners, and by them presented to the house of commons the late pay in pursuance of the said act, the said commissioners did further cer xnafters gee tify, that the sum of three hundred seventy seven iboufand seven bun*eighty weight pounds, five shillings, and even pen, was then remaining

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 48. 399

maining in the handi of the paymaster s general of his Majesty's forces who had resigned their offices, or tn the hands of the heirs, executors, ftiminiflrators, and assigns, or the per final representatives of such of them as were dead 5 (videlicet, ) the sum of two hundred fifty six thousand four hundred fiftyfix pounds, two billings, and fourpence, remaining in the hands of John Powell esquire, the only acting executor of the late right honourable lord Holland deceased, late pay tnafter general of his Majesty's foroes; the sum of forty four thousand four hundred twenty-two pounds, four billings, and eight pence remaining in the hands of the right honourable Caroline baroness Greenwich, admini/lratrix to the right honourable Charles town fhend deceased, also late paymaster general of his Majeflfs forces 5 the sum of sixty three thousand seven hundred thirty-eight pounds, three /hillings9 and ten pence, remaining in the hands of the right honourable Frederick lord North, and George John Cooke, and Charles Molloy, esquires, the personal representatives of the late George Cooke esquire deceofid, late joint paymaster general of his ma jefifs for as with the said Frederick lord North; and the sum of thirteen thousand one hundred seventy one pounds, fourteen billings, and nine pence, remaining in the hands of the right honourable Thomas Townlhend, and the said George John Cooke, and Charts Molloy, the personal representatives of the late George Cooke, esquire deceased, late joint paymaster general of his Majeflfs forces. with the said right honourable Thomas Townlhend: and whereas it is highly proper and expedient that the said several balances or " sums of money, amounting in the whole to the sum of four hundred fifty four thousand five hundred eighty two pounds, three billings, and. eight pence farthing, should be paid into his Majeflfs exchequer, to be iifpofed of by parliament for the public service, mtwtthjlanding the final accounts of the per sins to whom the said sums were ifftced have not been passed before the auditor of the imprefi, according to the forms if the exchequer; and that the said several persons, their heirs, executors, adminijlrators, and assigns, should be fully indemnifiedin respect of such payments into the exchequer be it therefore enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That, on or before the twenty-fourth dav of October, in the The sum of year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, 75*7061. it. the sum of seventy three thousand seven hundred and six pounds, 4<bthe one shilling, and fourpence halfpenny, being the balance re mafning^n"the maining in the hands of such of the said late treasurers of his Ma hands of the jesty?s navy who are nonliving, and in the hands of the perfo late treasurers Inal representatives of such of them as are dead, in the several of the navy, proportions following; that is to say, the sum of twelve thousand jnt^the ex*three hundred and sixty pounds, three Shillings, and fourpence chequer on or three farthings, remaining in the hands of the right honour before 06*. able George Nugent earl Temple, the personal representative of the **» said right honourable George Grenville deceased; the sum of thirteen thousand seven hundred sixty^three pounds, seven Shillings, and one penny thrfc farthings, remaining in the hands of

o

The sum of 377, 7«8l- s

7 d. the balance remaining in the hands of the late paymasters general, See. to be paid into the exchequer on or before 061. *4, j7s1.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.48. [1781*

the said right honourable William lord viscount Barrington in file kingdom of Ireland; the sum of twenty-three thousand one hundred and six pounds, eleven Shillings, and five pence three farthings, remaining in the hands of the said right honourable Richard lord viscount Howe in the kingdom of Ireland; the sum of twenty-four thousand four hundred eventy five pounds, nineteen Shillings, and fourpence farthing, remaining in the hands of the said sir Gilbert Elliot baronet, the personal representative of the said right honourable sir Gilbert Elliot baronet deceased; making in the whole, the said aggregate sum of seventy three thousand seven hundred and six pounds, one shilling, and fourpence halfpenny, or so much of the said several balances or sums of money as shall then remain in the hands of the said several and respective persons unapplied to the services, charges, and demands, to which the same are respectively liable, shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and be applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain, in this present session of parliamentj and the said rierfons in whose hands the said several sums are remaining, arc hyteby respectively directed and required to pay the same accordingly.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, on or before the said twenty-fourth day of October in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, the said aggregate sum of three hundred seventy seven thousand seven hundred eighty eight pounds, five Shillings, and seven pence, being the balance remaining in the hands of such the said late paymasters general of his majesty's forces u^ho are now living, and in the hands of the personal representatives of such of them as are dead, in the several proportions herein after mentioned; that is to say, the sum of two hundred fifty six thousand four hundred fifty six pounds, two Shillings, and fourpence, remaining in the hands of the said John Powell the only acting executor of the said late right honourable Henry lord Holland deceased j the sum of forty-four thousand four hundred twenty-two pounds, four Shillings, and eight pence, remaining in the hands of the said right honourable Caroline ba ropefs Greenwich, the personal representative of the said right honourably Charles Townjbend deceased; sum of sixty three thousand seven hundred thirty-eight pounds, three Shillings, and ten pence, remaining in the hands of the said right honour, Frederick lord North, and of the said George John Cooke^and Charles Molloy, esquires, the personal representatives of the said late George Cooke esquire deceased; the sum of thirteen thousand one hundred seventy one pounds, fourteen Shillings, and nine pence, remaining in the hands of the said right honourable Thomas Townjbend^ and of the said George John Cooke, and Charles Molloy, esquires, the personal representatives of the said late George Cooke esquire deceased; or so much of the said several balances or sums of money as shall then remain in the hands of the said sese*al and respective persons unapplied to the

4 services.

Anno vfcdfimo primt> gfior^r IIJ. <?.

fcwipcpn charges, and demands, so which the. same are tefpee tively liable, shall be paid into his majesty's exchequer minter, and be applied to such services as (hail then have been voted by the commons'of Of tat Britfiinjo this present session of parliament; and the said persons inwhofe hands the said fe veraf luhts 'are i^smjrt§, 1 are hdwby rfctpfe&ivetyditetsfed*n<l required to pay the same according. Ifj and ir is hereby fyr^fr .ejtaa<^ and d?^?r^>'^ha^ P Upon pay.. on payment of the leyctal apd relpeifti.ve lup^s herein befbre mentofthe mentioned or ahypajt tbtreofppfpeiai velyvbjr<he several and sum**bov.e' refpe^iy^efron»..a^rr«(tid, into the receipt of hi? .mtjesty's ex seva'idvate chequer the fever; ?! apd respective perigrvs afprcfejdr^qd, their trealbrers of re(pe&ive heir, adminiftfatorsj spd adigns, and the the navy, and heirs, executors, administrators, and *©8p?v of he refoe&ive, pajrmajler?. lawjltearmers of h^'^tjefly's navy, .and. rsymasters general of J his majesty's foroes, deceased, and they, each. id overy of rhaii'be ac thenty and their and eyery of their respective lands, tenements, quitted and good and chamdfertitfll be, and .er^he.reby acquitted, difr. ^j3a^d for charged, and exonerated, agtdoft'hw Majesty, bip heirs and fuc ceflhes, aod all and every person .and perfens whatsoever, for, and ip retped of all and every fitch fom and sums of money as. shall be (o .paid inco the exchequer s aforefeld, and credit! shall be '->. i grvenand allowed for the same kj the refpe<ttiw account of the said. late treasurers of his majesty's navy, and late paymftttgra general of his majesty's forcfes, aod their representatiyes.ihy the .]

auditor or. auditors of the imprdtts, op producing ai tfthy or tal *

the respective fonts foto be paid into the receipt .of'hi* -

majesty's exchequer; any afi or affc.of parliament, of any cuf, ''

toon or ufagr? to; the contrary thereof in any fe Itolwith* sending. I, to '.*, 1. i.c...«; t >' <

; , riv. And be .it Jvrther enacted^by rthe authority aforesaid, Commission that the copundboners of his majesty's treaftiry now or for the ers f the time being, octapy three or more of them, or the high treafuref over^rpay or thotiom being, shall, and are'hereby authorised.and im maifergeneral pnvyecod, upon.representation to. them made, to order and direct to apply any theipay matter, geherali of the forces itow or for the. time being, pubhcfc mo bailor any money in his hands, applicable jo the uferdf his Ma hand" to the yetof's foices, to. paytdl and every, ttlch sum and (writ of money publick fervl. as they shall judge, just and resfonable for satisfying apy de ces; tpaods for military or other pilblick fervioes; and also to order and also the and dtrettt the treasurer of the navy now dr sot the time being, treasurer of out of: y mopey in his hands applicable to the service of the of*anvmi'wick aavyjo. satisfy.and.pay any navy bill be bills, wages to seamen, money in hie half-pay bounty to chaplains, and all or any other demands on hands, topay account of the navy j Which (bould of might have been paid, by any nav>' bilk, any or cither of thfe said late paymattera general of the foroes, or CC trcattirers of the navy, or his or their refpetttive representatives, "av« been and. which wetes charges on him ocjthem, incurred during the pa; d by the titse.of hiaof their, heingpaympfteror paymastersgeijettd of the said late pay fenssjor traiiimcnntrerfdremofxbe'in^cand ail feifc, re maftfer*>or wards, gratuities). or .other: expchoea: atteading the carrying on, trea uror** so'and

Anno vicesimo primo geopgirw. C 49. [1781.

and the full completion of, their respective accounts, and obtaining their s^uietus. '

CAP. XLIX ^

An forprnmting certain abuses and profanations on tbs Loris day called Sunday..

Frenabftj TT7HERE AS certain houses, rooms, or places, within the cities

T W 0/leri don or Westminster, or ik the neighbour hood Short of,

hdpeyf hie frequently been opened for public entertainment or., amusement upon the evening of the Lords day, commonly called Son^day; and at other housei, roofns, or places, within the said cities, or 1 ]in the neighbourhood thereof. Under pretence of inquiring into reiigi

, : ous dosffines, and explaining texts of holy feripture, debates have frequently

been held on the evening of the Lords day, concerning diverse texts. of holy feripture, by persons unlearned and incompetent to explain the same, tb the corruption of good morals ', aftd tot he great eneour. u agiment of trreugion and profaneness; be It enmfted by the kihg's most exfcdlenf majesty, by and with the adfiteand consent of fh# lords spirituai and temporal, and commdns, in this prtfott From the a paffiamdfit assembled, and bv the authority of the same, That, parting of this from and" after the passing of this present act, arty house, room, house^c or ot^ief plac€> which shall be opened or used for public eriter opened for tainment dr amusement, or for publicly debating on any fub public a jedt whatsoever, upon any part of the Lord's day called Sunday, mu same nt or and to whith persons shall be admitted by the payment of mo sunday to a or*by tickets sold for money, shall be deemed a disorderly which persons house or place; and the keeper of such house, room, or place, shall be ad shall forfeit the funrof two hundred pounds for every day tfat mitted by pay such house, room, or place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid nev^cisail on t*lc L s day, to such personas will ftifcforthe same, and be.deemed a otherwise punishable as the law directs in cafcr of disorderly disorderly houses: and the person managing or conducing such entertain houe; and the mentor amusement on the lord's day, or acting as matter of the ttsfforfis*0* ceremonies there, or as moderator, prefidenr, or chairman, of *ool. for any such meeting for public debate on the Lord's day, shall

every Sun likewise, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred

dy the same pounds to such personas will sue for the same; arid every door

asafortfaid deeper, servant, or other person, who shall collect or receive

Penalty on money or tickets from persons assembling at such house, room, the president, or place, on the Lord's day, or who shall deliver out tickets for C admitting persons to such house, room or place, on the lord's

Door keepers, day, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds to such person N andfervants. sue for the same.

The person II And whereas, by reason of the many subtle and crafty eontri who alts as vances of persons keeping such houses, rooms, or places as aforesaid, it matter or mif mqy 0jten so difficult to prove who is the real owner or keeper there such house^be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That any person shall be deem who shall at any time hereafter appear, a St, or behave him or ed the owner herself as matter or mistress, or as the person having the cate, thereof government, or mfuugemem ofapy such house, rooms pr place

1781.) Anno vicesimo primo g'aorgil tit. c.40.

as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be the keeper thereof and shall be liable to be Cued or profeouted, and' punched as such, notwithstanding he or she be not in fast the real owner or keeper thereof: And wherever any such house, roam, or place, shall belong to or be kept by diverse persons in partner are jo}nti> thip, as joint owners or joint keepers thereof, each and every owners, each, such joint owner or joint keeper of such house, room, or place, of them (halt shall be deemed the keeper thereof, and shall be liable to be *iabl'to (bed or prosecuted, and punished as fuph: and any hmise, p'j*cu n' room, or place, at which persons shall be supplied with tea, refrertt coffee, or any other refreshments of eating or drinking on racotsare sold the lord's day, at any greater prices than the common and ufiial at.greater prices at which the like refreshments are commonly, sold Prjce* L upon other days at fitch, house, room, or. place, or at coffee jiftirr

bouies, or other houses where the same are usually sold, shall, be deemed a house, room, or place, to which persons litre admitted by the payment of money, although money be not. there taken in the name of or for admittance, or at the time when persons enter into or depart from such house, room, or placet and any house, room, or place, which shall be opened or used and such as for any public entertainment or amusement, or for public shall be open debate, on the lord's day, at the expense of any number of fub P "* (bribers or contributors to the carrying on any such entertainment JJ* sud'or amusement, or debate, on the lora's day, and to which per by fubfcnpti sods shall be admitted by tickets, to which the subscribers' or on. See. shall contributors shall be endued, shall be deemed a house, room, or K*H*2? place to which persons are admitted by the payment of mo inflicted b ney, within the meaning of this act. this act.

III And, for the better preventing persons assembling on the Penalty on'Lord's day for such irreligious purposes as aforesaid, be it fur adsertifing there enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person adver ?."£ tiling, or causing to be advertised, any public entertainment or ^ent for sun amusement, or any public meeting for debadng on any subject day, and on whatsoever, on the lord's day, to which persons are to be ad printing such mitted by the payment of money, or by tickets sold for money, advertuement. and any person printing or publishing any such advertisemenr,

shall respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, to any person who will sue for the same.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalties how That any person entitled to either of the aforesaid forfeitures, to be reco may sue for the same by action of debt in any of. his Ma vered. jetty's courts of record at Westminster, in which it shall be sufficient

to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of [being the sum demanded by the

the said action] being forfeited by an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his majesty King George the third, intituled, An act for preventing certain abuse and profanations on the

Lor As dap, called Sunday: and the plaintiff, if be recover in any such action, shall have his full cods.

V Provided, That no action shall be brought for either of Actioni to be

the brought within months.

304 Anno vicefimtf prime Georgii 111- C o. [1781.

the said penalties by this act imposed, unless the fam^ be brought widiiri six calendar months next after the offence committed. Persons sued VJL Provided also, That if any action or suit shall be brought oftt£cadion a8aw* any person for anything done in purfoance and in exe may plead'the cxitiofr^f this act, the defendant may plead the general issue; general issue, and if a verdtid pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff difcond and recover nuc bisorher action, or be nonsuited, or judgement be given treble coils agwtft the plaintiff, then such defendant shall have treble costs.

VII Provided also That the ecclefiaftic^ljurifdtdion^ithm todf&thc ^ealm shall not by this, ad be altered or abridged; bgtthit ecclesiastical the ecctefiaftical courts may punish the fard offences, as, if this jurisdiction $ had not been made. /

nor the tolera* VIII Provided also, That nothing in this act contained fhab t&pa&of*be construed to extend to take awayy raiherv or abridge, suty of X Gul.^Mar. the liberties or immunities to which the.protestant fufcye&sof this kingdom are intituled, .by an act made, in the first year of the reign of King wmtjn and Queen Mterp, intituled, An aq farexempting their majej&ssprotejlantjiijelis^ dijfenting from tbt church of England, from tbs penalties offrrtain<latus.

*"'''" 1 .1. .*.

; .i. ' C a p. i .

aft sir further regulatit^ arid' after tainitfg, the importation end exportation of corn and grain, within several ports and pious. therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, bp art ah made in the firstyear of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional act for the improvement of Tillage, provifidri vdas made for examining and 1 %*determining the common market prices aferiglim earn and gramme,

in the manner, and at the'times, and to and fit the intent, end, and furposes, thereby directed and'provided: and wbfreas, by an act mode in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the southeast a3igfo.*> cond, intituled, An act for amending and makirtg more effectual an act made in the first year of the reigti of King James the Second, intituled, An additional alt for the improvement of tillage, the fold provision is declared to have been found ineffeflual; and sir the better ascertaining the common prices of middling Engl i (h com and grain, and for other purposes in the said recited alt mentioned, it is thereby enabled. That, from and after the first day of June, one thou find Jieven hundred and thirty-two, it Shall and may be lawful for all and every thejusticesof the peace for the several and respective counties within that part of gre^f Britain called England, Wales, and the town Berwick upon Tweed, wherein foreign corn or grain Shall and may be imported, and they are thereby enjoined and required, at every their quarter fejftons, to give in charge in open cohrt to the grand jury then and there assembled, to make preferment and inquiry, upon their oaths, of the common market prices of middling English corn and grain, as the same Shall be commonly bought and sold in every Jueb county; which preferment and inquiry the said^grand jury are there

f 78 i.j Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 50. 305

empowered and required to make; 1/ is thereby further provide

tdy That nothing therein contained shall extend, or be construed to ex tend) to prejudice or ajfcq tie authority given by the said act, made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, to the mayor, aldermen, tf/wjustices of the peace of the city of London: and where as, by an act made in the Jixth year of the reign of his present ma jessy, intituled, An act for explaining and amending so much of Ad 6 Geo. 3. an act, made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional act for the improvement of tillage, as relates to the city of London, the power theretofore given to the mayor, aldermen, and the justices of the peace for the said city, for examining and determining the common prices of middling English torn and grain, in the months of October, and April yearly, is further extended, and required also to be performed in the months of January and July yearly: and whereas the several powers, provifi ens, and regulations, in and by the said above recited acts: declared and enacted, in order to ascertain the common market prices of middling,

English corn and grain, are found by experience to be inadequate to. the Jalutary ends thereby intended: and whereas it would be greatly conducive thereto, that the common prices English wheats rye, peas, beans, barley, malt, beer, oatsfshould in future be aj<certain*

ed by other ways and means within the city of London, and that the common prices of the said several sorts of English corn or grain, for the purpose of regulating the duties payable and to be paid upon the importation offoreign corn and grain of the said several sorts respectively, as in and by an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, are dlrested, ) as well within the said city and the port thereof, as within or at the several towns, ports, and places within the counties of Essex and Kent, wherein foreign torn or grain of the said several sorts respectively may or Shall by imported, should at all times be made to depend upon and be regulated by the prices of the said several sorts 0/englifh com and grain respectively, as the same Shall or may be ascertained within the said city: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it So much of enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the the recited advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com js^deter mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho mining the rityofthe same, That so much of the said recited acts, or any common other act or acts relative thereto, as respects the methods to be prices of pursued in the counties of Kent and Essex, and also in the city of London, in order to inquire into and determine the common wheat, CC in market prices of middling English wheat, rye, peas, beans, bar Kent, Essex, leu, malt, beer, bigg, and oats, shall be, and 'are hereby re an London, pealed. repealed.

II And be it further enacted, That the common prices of c<?mmo" English corn or grain of the said several sorts respectively, as well {^£0^, 1 Within the said city of London and port thereof, as at or in the feve the ports of J?I towns, places, and ports, within the counties of Kent and Essex London, aforesaid, wherein foreign corn or grain of the said several sorts Kent, respectively shall or may be imported shall and may, for the g^ted bytbe

purpose5 *

306 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii lit. C 50. f x781]

prices to be ptorpofe of regulating the duties payable and to be paid on the ascertained in importation thereof, hereafter be made to depend upon, and be the city of regulated by, the prices of the said several sorts of engli/h com London. pr grain respectively, as the same shall be ascertained within the city of London by the provifioris herein after contained in this act, and not otherwise; any law, (latute, or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Preamble $ III And whereas by an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reciting an act reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aeft to explain lb much o 14 Geo. 3. of an made in ihe last session of parliament, intituled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, as relates to the method of afeertainine; the prices of corn and grain exported, it is thereby enacted, That, from and after the first day of June, one thou/and seven hundred and seventy four, the prices of corn and grain exported from this kingdom/ball be regulated and governed by the average prices at which such corn or grain ball be respectively sold in the public market at or nearest to the port or place from whence'such corn of grain ball be intended to be exported, on the iajl market day preceding the hipping of fieeb corn or grain, and the respectivt bounties, granted by the fata aft, made in the thirteenth year of the feign of his present Majesty, bail, in like manner, be paid and allowed according to such average prices: and whereas great Inconveniences have an fen from the refiriftion in the said act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, to taking the average prices from the last market day preceding the hipping of such corn and grain intended to be exportedi therefore be it, and it is hereby enacted and declared, Part of 13 That so much of the aforesaid act as redrains the talcing the Geo. 3. re average prices from the Jaft market day preceding the shipping pealed. cf such corn and grain intended to be exported, within the counties of Kent and ejsex, and in the city of London, shall be repealed.

From Dec. *7, IV And whereas no provision or rule is thereby, or by any other 1781, the inlaw now in force, ejlabli/hed, by means whereof the said average fpe&or of reprices, for the purposes thereby intended, may or can be ascertained; tore{^ive°r11 an ** ** at some provision or rule Should be eflablijbei, from the fac tend the time limited by the said act for taking the average prices tonne in the Should be further extended: be it therefore further enacted, That, corn exchange from and after the twenty seventh day of December, one thou count(figned) kn<* ^cvcn hundred and eighty one, the person who shall be, of thectfn 'and is by virtue of, and under the powers of this act, appoint sold by them; ed to execute the office or employment of inspector of the returns of corn, in manner herein after mentioned, shall and may demand, take, and receive, of and from each and every corn factor, dealing by commission in the sale of corn or grain, from his seat or (land within a certain fabric or building, commonly known by the appellation of The Corn Exchange, (ituate and being in mark lane, within the said city, a true weekly account or return (which said account or return shall be thenceforth weekly demanded, taken, and received within the space of three, days from and after the expiration of each and every week) of the several quantities of corn or grain of the respective forts before

178i.] Anno vicesimo primo geo^oii III C 50. 307

fore mentioned (each several quantity and fort thereof being diftin&iy marked and clalted) by him bona side sold and delivered as aforesaid in and during such week; in which said weekly containing account or return shall be inserted, and clearly and distinctly marked, as well the price for which each several quantity of pq^hafers!* com or grain, of the several and respective forts before mentioned, shall have been by the said person so dealing as aforesaid bona side sold and delivered during such week, as also the real name or names of the purchaser or purchasers thereof; and which said weekly return shall be signed or attested by and with the name of each corn factor delivering the same, or by and with the name of the person usually employed by him: and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said inspector of corn re jnfoeftor so turns, thereupon, and he is hereby enjoined and required, with compute the in three days thereafter, from the several and separate weekly aggregate returns so by him demanded, taken, and received, to make <luant, ty of up and compute, and properly distinguish the aggregate quantity of each refpedbve sort of corn or grain in the faicl feve f^erage^iicc* rai and separate weekly returns contained; and also make up thereof; and compute the prices at or for which such aggregate quantity of each respective sort of corn or grain, as therein dated, hath been bona side, during such week, sold and delivered; and also snake up, form, and compute therefrom the average pi ices of each respective sort of corn or grain during such week bona side sold and delivered; the sum or amount of which aggregate quantities, and prices, and also the average prices so formed, made up, and computed, shall be fairly and distinctly written in a book, to be by him prepared and kept for that purpose: and it shall amj to puj, . and may be lawful to and for the said infp&3or of corn returns, lirh a trans and he is hereby required to cause to be published, once in cripr of (uct1 every week, a tranfeript of the sum or amount of such aggregate quantities and prices, and also the average prices thereof, in the zette weekly § London Gazette; which average prices, so published, shall be which fall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the real average deemed to prices of each sort of corn or grain therein respectively menti have been the oned, in and during the week to which the said average prices a**rage. rjn shall refer, as well in the public markets of the towns, places, c^h^rrj'lc^ and ports, within the counties of Kent and ejsex, as in the city rive week, in of London and port thereof, whence the said corn or grain may Kent. Eifcx, be exported, and whereby the bounties payable and to be paid *nti by law on such respective sorts of corn or grain exported shall henceforth, within the counties of Kent and ejfix, and the city of London and port thereof, be governed and regulated.

V And be it further enac\ed. That it shall and may be law secretary of full to and for the person, who for the time being shall or may the com ex ai in the ofike or employment of secretary or clerk at the corn changetodc* exchange, and he is hereby required, upon or at the requisition of the said infoedtor of corn returns, to deliver to him in writ when retiring the name and names of each and every corn factor, dealings, thr inmr* by cotmnilson in the sale of corn or grain, from his seat or (land and places of in the said market, and also his place of abode, if that Anne (lull Vol. XXXIII Y bo

abode of all corn fattors belonging to the said market.

ilty neglect thereof.

Anno vicesimo prtmo Georgii III C 50* £178**

fce to him known, and is also demanded; and upon refufaf thereof, or wilful delay or negligence therein, and complaint made upon oath before the lord mayor for rhe time being, or one of the aldermen of the said city, the said fedretary or clerk jjhan beforthwkb fommoned to appear and answer touching the matter of the said complaint; and in case he shall not obey such summons, or on the hearing of the matter of the said complaint, fhafl be adjudged guilty thereof, it shall be lawful to and for the said lord mayor for the time beki^, or one of the aldermen of the said city, before whom the said matter of complaint is so heard and determined, to fine the said secretary or clerk so offending, and adjudged guilty thereof, m a sum not exceeding twenty ihrllings, nor tess than ten Shillings, for every fbch offence; which tine is hereby directed to be paid to and for the use of the said inspector of com returns so complaining as aforesaid.

VI And be it further enacted. That the fard inspector of com

in&rt a list of returns shall provide and prepare a book, wherein he (bail nv the names and fcrt, or cause to be inferred, a list of the name and names of sss.. every corn factor, dealing by commission in the sale

laid corn^corn or Brarn» from his seat or stand in the corn exchange as aforesaid, and also his and their respective place or places of abode (such said list to be from time to time corrc&ed, contracted, or enlarged, as occasion (halt require, ) which said book shall be kept in his custody, and shall and may be produced at such time and times, and for such purposes, as are hertinr after directed by this avii.

And be it further enacted. That the said separate and several weekly returns, so by him demanded, taken, and received as aforesaid, shall, from tkne to time, be by him carefully filed and arranged, and deposited in the office or apartment to the said inspector of com returns belonging, hereafter to be provided by this al; which said several and separate weekly returns, or so many thereof ass shall or may be nccefiary and are required, may and shall be taken therefrom, and produced by the said inspector of corn returns at the time and time, and to and for the purposes and occasions herein after directed, and none other, and shall, after such production, be by him again received and filed; and no person, except as above excepted, and save and except the corn factor who (hth have delivered such weekly return or returns, shall be permitted to resort to and inspect the same.

Row to pro VIII Provided nevertheless. That in case any person or per ceed in care fons shall, within the space of one month after the delivery of any wc*kly any such weekly return, suspect the same to be either in the we or Part fraudulent it shall and may be lawful to and

be fraudulent. fr the person or persons so fufpefhng any such return to be either in the whole or in part fraudulent, to specify, and to' state in writing to the said inspector of corn returns, whole return and in what week made, and wherein, and whether in the whole or in part, he or they suspect the same to be fraudulent*a*whereupon

jnfjpe&or to

factors in a book.

The weekly returns taken by the in ipedlor, shall be filed, and deposited in bis office.

1781.] Anna vicefiirto prittta gfcorpll UK C a.

whereupon the saki in/pe&orof corn returns is hereby enjoined and required, by reference had to such weekly return, the same either in the whole or in part, as may be otceflary, to trapferibe or copy, anchto deliver such tranfeript or copy, signed with his name, to the person or persons making such specificatfon vs aforesaid, from the said person or persons receiving, upon or before the delivery thereof, the sum of one penny for each and every word therein contained, to and for. bis own use and benefit.

IX And be it further enabled by the. authority a&mesaid, Penaltypn That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said person or corn ta&oi* persons receiving such tranfeript or copy, at any the quarter fefr delivering, ir fiona held for the city of London that shall nqxt ensue the rtf turns.u ceipt or delivery thereof, to exhibit one or. more information or informations before the lord mayor, aldenpcn, and justices then

and there aifembled (whpare hereby authorised and imppwerr ed to hear and determine the same) agarnft any corn dealer who shall have delivered in to the inspector of com returns any such weekly return, in the whole or in part suspected to be fraudulent; and if the corn dealer, against whom such information (hah have been exhibited, be convicted of the offence, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses,

(which oath or oaths'the said lord mayor, aldermen and jitfti ees of the peace, are hereby authorised to administer) or by hi? own confession, then and in such case the party fo> convufied shall immediately upon such conviction; pay to the informer or informers any sum orturns of money not cxceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds, for the use of such person or persons wbo shall have exhibited such information as aforefoid.

X And be it further enacted, That the said infpo^or of com hifptwfo

returns shall and may make up, compute, and distinguish, and con, Put he is hereby required, from and upon the whole number of the qufnrftyof find Several weekly accounts of the weekly aggregate quantities each sort of of each respective sort of corn of gain by him so made up, com grain, and the pared, and distinguished, and olfo of the prices and average pri pncc#

ces thereof, refoedtively, that shall have been so made op, com ^

and diftir.guilhed, from the first weekly accounts or resold previous turns by him from each and every corn factor, dealing.by com to the jeflions mission in the sale of corn or grain as aforesaid, taken and received,

to those inclusively which shall have been by him so**

nude up, computed, and distinguished, to the end of the larft en from iclfionto tyre week that shall immediately precede the sessions to be hold (tflipn. en for the city of London for the month of jipril, one tbaufand seven hundred and eighty-two; and so thenceforward from timer to time, fetlion to fcfiion, as herein after directed, in like manner so make up, form, compute, and properly distinguish, and the same being made up, formed, computed, and diftin gutshed, fairly to tranferibe or insert into a book by him to be ^0unt*he flwl! provided and prepared for that purpose) tlve general aggreg^traidcr.be to quantity of each respective sort of corn or grain that (hail appear a book*to have been bonn side sold nd delivered, in and during the

Y 2 whole

3 IP

Anno riceflmo primo Georgii 111. C 50k £1781#

whole number of such several weeks, and also the prices and average prices thereof respectively. and deliver, on XI And be it hereby further enacted, That on the first day

re aeons tial Golden for the said city of London in

fcfllon*, (and re mont of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty aftervrardi on two, and thenceforward on tyre first day of every sessions that the first day shall hereafter be held for the said city in the months of Jetty ?ffi qi*t" Jdnuary* and Aprils yearly, in open court, to the lord

tnope^court may°r> aldermen, and justices of the peace for the said city, then to the lord*ana there assembled, the said inspector of corn returits shall pre mayor and sent and deliver the said book (the same to him being afterwards afcfctmea, redelivered) into which the said states or accounts of the general aggregate quantities of corn or grain, of the respective forts therein mentioned, the prices and average prioes thereof, have been fairly and properly inserted or transcribed; and upon such presentment and delivery verify upon oath (which oath the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, then and there assembled, or any one of them, is hereby authorised to administer) that the same are fairly, corre£tly, and properly made up, formed, and computed, to the best of his power, (kill, and judgement, and according, so far as in him lies, to the true intent and tenor of this act. 1

Such general average prices shall be deemed to have been the prices of middling English com in Kent, Essex, and London;

and shall be publiftied in the London Gazette,

and certified to the chief officer of the customs in the port of London, See.

Doties on importation of ioicign grain

XII And be it further enacted, That the general average prices of each respective sort of corn or grain, so thereby formed, computed, and distinguished, oh the whole number of such several weekly states or returns of average prices, shall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the common prices of middling English corn or grain, of the respective forts therein mentioned, in and during the time to which the said general average prices shall refer, as well within the several ports, towns, and places, in the counties of Kent and ejftx, as within the city of London and port thereof, wherein foreign corn or grain of the said respective sorts may be imported; and which said general average prices it shall be lawful to and for the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace of the said city, and they are hereby required, to cause to be published in the London Gazette once in four sevenl weeks immediately succeeding such sessions respectively, the expense of which publication shall and may be paid out of any the moneys in tlve hands of the said in fpedor of corn by virtue of this act; and also to certify the same unto his majesty's chief officer and coiledor of the customs for the time being, for the port of the said city of Londm\ who shall thereupon transmit a copy or copies thereof to the several chief officers and collectors of the customs for the time being, redding, in the several ports, towns, or places, in the fold counties of Kent and ejjex> wherein foreign corn or grain, of the said respective sorts, so certified, may be imported; and which said certificate, copy and copies thereof, shall be hung up flpfome public place in the customhouses thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort for their information 5 and according to which general average prices so published in the Gazette,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primogeorgii III c.50. 311

and so certified a aforesaid, shall be collected and paid to be regular the duties and customs payable and to be paid on the import d by the said tion of foreign corn or grain, of the fevecai forts therein menu oned, into the several ports, towns, and places, within the*prl #* counties of Kent and ejfeic, and into the city of and port

thereof, wherein the same may or hast be Imported, and by. none other rule, fcgulation, or provision.; anything herein, or in any other law or statute, to the contrary notwithstanding..

And, in order that the said several and Separate weekly returns hereby required to be made; by and from each and every corn factor dealing by commission in the sale of corn or grain as aforesaid, may be made with less suspicion of fraud: it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for ?I *** L ""said mfpe&or of returns, on the first day of each and every CD inwlc^ of the said sessions as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, to pre to prevent lent to the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of peace, .then fraudulent and there assembled, the books wherein shall have been inserted returns, the list of the name and names of each and every corn factor, and his and their place and places of abode, as by this act required; and also shall present the name of .each and every fach corn factor, written wi several and diftinot pieces of parchment or paper, being all, as near as may be, of equal fizc and bigness j which pieces of parchment or paper shall be delivered to the clerk or proper officer of the said court, and fhaliby hint be rolled up, ail, as near 26 may be, in the same manner, and put together in a box or glass to be provided for that purpose? who shall, in open courts the same being ft well (hahen*dralar out two of the said parchments or; papers: and the«perfoof whole names shall be found written on rt be said. patchhmmt^; or papers so drawn, shall befummoned perfqqally to appear nj certain day to be tfcen appointed, within; the said feffibn, incase the same session foall continue to be holdcufor a lpngtf li&f than one day; but'tin case the said feflioh (half be conduced " V 1; 'within one day, then on the first; dayarf the next; cn&jng feffi '1, '. 1

on; dn which day so tappointed the dkidiwo. oomrfal(ftorefoa|l vorn fe#di»':

Xar, aivd shall several ly^erify ruponoath, ; or; bdngqfvfel&mfc returutoab^ n, (which oath orriaffirmation thd laid. Ibid mayor jfprr$h$ oatft. '1 time being, aldermen; andjustices ef the pdace, ocjmyionfl: crf them, awfcfttus heteby ai rtoodmrmfttr

or reeeiriev) the feyertl atodfopacajewfeekly returns m {fctoiwy of theth a the said jmbrt cshall judgecpropfeiv: by ihjija; mtote and delivered as sffore&id^iioni which Sayfo appointed thft fpector of oorri returns shall also atteikl, dtsa^produce jfcefofftfal weekly returns by each beibe. said itw© dorutfajftors fev^jahy; tpfl feparitefy made anddelrvdfod, and shall ttamfe&r carefully r posit and 'refilethe fineia the same plfcu»whe»dn they aitchf*, ;

ally depdfited and ffierl; and in caselithdifa'rd jtlvo cprurfafftofis? Peqahy on ( or cither of them, shall neglefs toobeyihe&idfomipqns of rtie not obeying, said court, or shall refuse, being present, 'to.vfcrify his or thejr onhe^°rk; said respective weekly returns upon oafh, or, beingfquakers, by C affirmation thereof, and the said lord mayor, aldermen and j ui

y3 - us

II

proper person to be inspectors

Anno vicesimo primo gfiorgh III C 50. [1781.

tices of the peace. Avail not be satisfied with the reason of such negtaft. or refusa] to verify the fa id respective weekly returns as aforesaid, or any part diereof* it shall and may be lawful for the fa id lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, to fine the said person or persons foin the case of riegledl to obey such summons, or upon refusal to verify the said weekly returns, oranj part, by oath or affirmation thereof, in a sum not exceeding fifty pounds, nor less than twenty-five pounds, one moiety of the said fines to be applied to such use and purpose as in the discretion and judgement of the said court shall be thought proper, the other moiety thereof to the use and benefit of the said in fpedlor of corn returns.

xlvv And whereas in a certain ejlale, confijling of a certainfib rid or building herein before mentioned, commonly known and defended by the name or appellation of The Corn Exchange, situate in mark lane, within the city 0/ London aforcfaids there ore severed proprietor s^forne of whom being corn fafters y dealing by commisstcn in the sale of corn and grain as afore said, are intrujled with the manege merit and direction thereof, and of all that does thereto appertain; be Proprietors of it hereby tnacted, That h shall and may be lawful to and for the corn ex the fold proprietors, or the mor part of them, so entrusted mcet^tocejther the management and dinedbn thereof as aforesaid, and

and appoint a aro hereby: authorised and empowered, within six weeks

aftek th^passing of this ddi, to meet together, and at such meeting to agree upon atid by writing under theit hands apd. feais nominate and appoint!, a fit and proper person to do and perform all ihaneffc and things through or by him required tq be done and performed by virtue of any: the; powers, and regulations of this which person: nominated arid appointed as afore fcid* (tarty in such appointment be filled Infptftor of corn nfans fori tit <tity of London ji ahd within one month after. ch tp yosrttincptt, afld acceptancerhereof, shall deliver the said appoint and deliver fcnbnij'rfcp mbd&'pnder thd hands and feais of.thfr fesj pr

major ^artrbf them, : teethe Jprd maypr or onc a of'the aldermen' of - said city wbqnfhali^wve jamb kpep,

^ mwwotyver at tbe>fefljoasrnext foitowihjf ibereto^such: appoiotr jri^nxv^hefi'and thferb to bdiregificitrf^ttb prefertcididttri^iita tsoftc^crance'offuchjperfcto so appointed xo thctaid oskfc; end ^tforcwham flw faichihfpedbor of tomftturrtsahh.ta3^an, «rti which oh the said lord mxyor, orxny !one. of rhr phtamenof ithe (deity: hereby authorised to jadoritlifterj that bewifi, ; durtog the time of'his continuance inothe: said office, durgently, ifartftfhry; and honfeftly Execute thelfauhe^a.ccrtificate pfjwhkti iptfrfl&n having tnkeh&ch oerlv as afdresaid, Aall also be driver acfhhe faituiefliondj indlliien aiutttroieblfo be regifietel: ^«ty be p and for dae £asd proprietors .pfqtfcc

major part of dlehiy* thdre so mefc or jafltmbled, andrbfeylne hereby required to agree, fix upon, ..and.witlvin the fpacc of three months thcreuftey disposey, fiitnifh, alui: <omplete, odtj&f and from tyre moneys afifing or ifiaing from the said.eftat^, 'tad the same thereafter to keep in repair, k proper.xad.convfni^it apartment or office, cither wfthin the said building called The

Cr*

An ap.vt ment tb he fiirnifhecr, in Or near the J CM Exchange, for the ule ot the xnlpeftor.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 50. 3*3

Cirn Exchange, or as near thereunto as may be, for the use and accommodation of the said person for the time being; whereip all books, papers, and returns, by this act required, shall be carefully and securely filed or deposited, and in or over which shall be written or printed, in fair and legible chandlers, Office etf Corn Returns.

XV Provided also. That when and as often as, in case of re Ondeatb or moval by death or otherwise, or by resignation, of die said in rcfignationof fpe&or of corn returns, the said office shall become vacant, it her tove'1* shall and may be lawful to and for the said proprietors, or the appointed major part or them, within one month after fudi removal by within a death or otherwise, or by resignation of the said inspector, to month meet, agree upon, nominate, and appoint, a fit and proper person, under their hands and seals (except in the case herein after mentioned) to execute the hid office; who, on delivering the

laid appointment, and taking such oath as aforesaid, shall thereupon be enabled to execute the said office, and entitled to receive the salary thereto annexed, in manner and form hereinafter mentioned.

XVI Provided also. That it shall be lawful to and for the Proprietors, said proprietors, or the major part of them, during any extreme

sickness of the said inspector of corn returns, whereby he may be £*3, may ap unable, for the space of one week, to attend and execute the duties point a fub of his said office, either at the request of any corn factor, or Ititutei other substantial person, in writing to them, or any of them,

£gnified, or without such request, by their own knowledge afeer tained, to direct, and under their hands and seals nominate and appoint a fit and proper person to execute the said office during such disability by sickness as aforesaid; shall thereupon deliver the said appointment to the lord mayor, or one of the aider men of the said city, and shall before him make oath (which oath the said lord mayor, or any one of the aldermen, is hereby authorised to administer) that he will faithfully, to the best of his (kill and judgement, execute, during such disability by sickness as aforesaid, all the duties of the said office of inspector of corn returns, and deliver all accounts, returns, books, or papers, to his care given or left, to the said inspector of corn returns, when he (ham > be again able to execute the same, or to such other person who J may be legally appointed to the said .office in his stead; and .which said appointment, and also a .certificate under the band which ap of the lord mayor, or one of the aldermen of the fid city, be e°v]t.")cnt fore whom the said oath shall have been wade, of having taken ^icdto the such oath, (hah, at the sessions next, ensuing thereto, be present next (essions. ed to the said court, and then and there recorded; whereupon the said person so appointed, and executing the duties of the. N

laid office, shall and may demand and receive, forjils care and trouble in the execution thereof, of and from the said inlpetftor of com returns, or out of; the salary to the said office hereby appropriated and given as here after directed, such sum and Turns of money as the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the .peace 4xf the said city shall, by their order, under their hands and feajs,

y4 direa

Anno vkcgmo primo Georgii lit, C 50. [ 178 ri

direct and appoint; which order they are hereby empowered to make,

1 northeast va of XVII Provided also, That in case the said proprietors, or proprietor, 0 the maj°r part of them, shall neglect, for the space of one week, the lord

3u

On 1

mayor may appoint such kbftitute.

If proprietor neglect to appoint an in tpetf or, the lore ipayor

after the disability of the said inspector of corn returns to execute, through sickness, his said office, has been so signified as aforesaid, or shall have otherwise come to their knowledge, and sufficient proof thereof being given, to the fatisfacvion of the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, foto nominate and appoint a fit and proper personas aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the lord mayor of the said city to appoint a fit and proper person for the execution thereof, who Shall, within three days thereafter, take such oath as aforesaid; and upon the certificate thereof, and the said appointment, being delivered to and entered at the sessions next ensuing thereto, the said person shall be entitled to receive a compensation for his care and trouble in the execution thereof, in like form, degree, and manner, as aforesaid -

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said proprietors, or the major part of them, shall refuse or neglect, within the time by this ai required, to meet, agree upon, and elect, and under their hands and seals and aldvrmen, nominate and appoint, a fit and proper person for the execution at the next of the said office, it (hail and may be lawful to and for the said ftflfions, are to lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, and they arc appoint one, hcreby empowered and required, that at the sessions that shall next immediately happen after such neglect as aforesaid, or at an adjournment of the same to be held for that purpose within one week there after, to elect and appoint a proper person to execute the office of inspector of corn returns; whose appointment shall be then and there registered; and who shall then, or as soon as thereafter may be, take such oath as is before directed, for the faithful execution of his said office; a certificate of having taken which oath shall also be then registered.

No inspector XIX And be it hereby further enacted. That no person who to be removed shall have been appointed as aforesaid to the said office of in trom his of fpe&or of corn returns (save and except the person or persons ti^trifions.^app0, ntcd to execute the same during such disability through sickness as aforesaid) shall be therefrom removable but upon complaint of misbehaviour in his said office to the sessions made, and then and there heard and adjudged; when and in which case it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, unless they shall iee good cause to the contrary, the said person to remove from his said In case of such office; and they shall thereupon signify such removal to the fe removal, how cretary or clerk of the corn exchange for the time being, in case the appointment of the infpe£or of corn returns be in the said proprietors, or the major part of them, as aforesaid, in order to proceed to the election of some other fit and proper perfqn in the room of the said inspector of corn returns so removed, and to yvhitfi election they shall proceed, ain manner and form

before

a fuccehbr is to be appoint td.

i !] Anfcef vicesimo pritno Georgii III C 50. 315

before directed, "within one week after the signification of such removal; but in case the said proprietors, or the major part of them, shall neglect foto do, or in case the appointment of the said infpedtor shall be by the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace of the said city, then the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of peace shall proceed to such reappointment and re eie6tion on same convenient day within the said fcflions, or at an adjournment of the same to be held for that purpose within one week thereafter.

XX And it is hereby further enabled. That it shall and may corn*feanr* be lawful to and for the lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of neglt&ing to the peace of the said city, to inquire of and examine the said in dekver week (pcdior of com returns, upon the delivery thereof, in open court luromoned at any of the said fcflions, whether any and what corn factor or before the factors, dealing by commission in the sale of com and grain sessions. from his dr their seat or stand as aforesaid, has or have neglected or refused to deliver (the same having been from him or them demanded) such weekly returns of sale and delivery as are by this act directed; and in case of any such neglect or refufal/the Penalty on said person or persons so charged shall forthwith be (ummoned such negte&# to appear on a certain day within the said sessions, in case ^w^the the same fcflions shall continue to be held for a longer time than one day; but in case the said fcflions shall be concluded within one day, then on the first day of the next ensuing session, to answer touching the same; and in case it shall then appear, to the fetisfaction of the said court, that the person or persons so summoned hath dr have refofcd or wilfully neglected to deliver such weekly return or returns, or in case the said person or persons so summoned shall not appear, on proof of the service of the said summons being made, then, and in either case, the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace,

Shall fine the said person or persons so offending, for every such ncgled* or rfefiifal, in a sum not more than ten pounds, nor less than five pounds; one moiety thereof to be applied to such use and purpose a? in the discretion and judgement of the said court shall be thought fit; the other moiety thereof to the use and benefit of the said inspector of corn returns; unless it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said court, that the person or persona so summoned was or were by same Sufficient cause prevent

CD or hindered from appearing before the said court on the day whereon by such summons be or they were required to appear. A duty of a XXL And in: order to compematd the said inspector of halfpenny per corn mums for his trouble and pains in the faithful execution lin icori1 of his said office; and in order to repay to the estate, confiding the of a certain fabric or building commonly known by the name mfpeftor; of The Corn Exchange in Mark lane, as aforesaid, all such moneys thence issuing and arising as shall have been or may be expended, by virtue of the powers in this act contained, in providing, completing, and maintaining, or keeping in repair, a proper and convenient apartment, place, or office; for the use and accommodation of the said inspector of corn returns, either within the said corn exchange, or as contiguous thereunto as may bej and

jffiv Anno vicesimo primo georgii IIL o 50; [1781.

for though further benefit and improvement of the said estate; be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said infpedar of corn returns, or the person executing the said office during any fucji disability by sickness as .aforesaid, to demand, collect, and receive from each and cyery qqrn fadof so dealing as aforesaid, from time to time, the pm of one halfpenny ptr last, and no more, on all corn atpi grain of there spective forts before mentioned which shall appear in or by the said several weekly returns to have been by him or them so ban f°ld and delivered; the gross amount of which said fom or flatter and ms so.collefled and received shall, by the said inspector of presented to com returns, or person then executing the fajd office during any ttefcfltens, such difabijity as aforesaid, be twice in every year, that is to say, twice a year.^the sessions held in the months of October and April yearly, for the city of London to the lord mayor aldermen, and judices of the peace then and there assembled', in writing, Dated, and prefenred; and it shall and may be, Jawful to and for the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, and., they are hereby authorised and required, under their, hands and

H*W the mo seals, to permit and empower the said inspector of corn returns, ncy sham be out of the said fom and sums so collected and received, to retain ap^ied. and apply, to and for his own use and benefit, any sum not exceeding the rate of one hundred and twenty pounds per annum, nor less than one hundred.pounds $ from which said sum shall always be first deduced such sum or sums as shall by the said ford mayor, aldermen, and iufticqs of the peace, be directed and ordered (which order ad direction they are hereby empowered o make to be paid to or retained byt any person or perfoos then executing, or who hath or have executed, the said office during any such disability as aforesaid; and the residue or overplus of the money and moneys so collected and received shall be paid over, without delay, to such. the proprietors of the said estate of the corn exchange, who manage and regulate the same as a forefiiid, to and for the further benefit and improvement of the fold estate, and in order to repay thereunto all such moneys as may have been thenefrom issued or expended in providing, completing, and keeping in repair, such apartment, place or office; and the said infpe#or of corn returns, or person executing such office as aforesaid, shall, after such payment made, his heirs, ex ecutorfe administrators, and successors, be for ever dischargpd and exonerated therefrom.. \

And be it further enafied. That it shall apd maybe he duty to an^said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of

Span their Y he Peace at any the sessions lioldeo in the months of April weekly re July October and January yearly, for the hud city, "to inquire turns, it may into and examine, and the said inspector of com returns or per dtltreft d bon then executing the said office as aforesaid is hereby required*o declare and make known, whether any of Che said oora sap tors, so dealing as aforesaid, have negfotied or fefufed to pay or dheharge (the same baying been demanded) aoy sura or sums of money from him or them due and owing, upon and from his or

their

boodle

r Aryio yiqefimaprimoxqeorgii III c.50.. 317

their several weekly returns of cqrp fey feim or them so sold and delivered; and Tn calc it shall to appear and be adjudged, then*by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party f6 6f sending shall be levied such sum^nd sums of money as shall be thereupon due "anfl Owing; amhfrer rendering fhe^overplus (if any) to the party whose goods shall be so distrained and sold (the charges of such distress and sale behig first deducted}4he said sum or sums so levied shall be paid dyer to, or retained by the -- :

laid infpeclor of cosh returns, or person then executing the said office as aforesaid, and shall thereafter, as Toon as may be, be dated and applied in the same manner, and to and for the same purposes, as hereitl before is declared and enabled of and concerning all such sum and sums of money as have by the said inspector, or person executing such office as aforesaid, been before demanded and regularly collefled and received.

XXIII And be it further provided, That no person duly ap infpe&ortq pointed to the office of inspector of corn returns for the city of give security; London (save and except such fieffon or persons who shall, during any such disability as aforesaid, execute the same) shall be

capable of holding the said office, or be entitled to any compen

fttion therefrom imless, at the, sessions to be feomerifor th?

said city next afcej fodv appointment, see (half reader so the lord

mayor, aldermen, and justices of the peace, then andthereaf V

fetabled, goodrandarfficiettt security to be by them rthere and :

then approved, and; accepted, in the amount of e tfum not less

than two hundred pounds, nor morctjiait three hundred pounds

for the faithful accounting and payriient of au moneys received

bt him by virtue, bf this atf...

XXIV Amd he' it farther ensdbed, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, ahd tnaybe^eyfed bydi £ levied by stress and fate of the offender's goods and chattels fey Warrant distress. from the said lord mayor, aldermeft, and justices of: tta peace,

orwridet thebahd'and seat of the Jord mayor orawertuan before whom; ttnjcofitader4ha^ at the cafedhall be;

which warrant the said lord mayor, aldermen, and justices, or the said lord mayor or ald^rmafti ate at*d is empowered to grant upon information of one or more credible witness or witnesses uport oath', #hlch oath the said Jofd mayor, aldcrtnen* and ju to, bfthe* ftidjbrd mayor oraklernun, are and io hereby im to a4mihmftr, 'rehderfi^the overplus (if any be), after Wfc payment of the said penalties and forfeitures, When de anded^or parties whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained; charges of such distress and fete btmgfirst thereout ^edu&cd.

: XXV, And, for the more ?afyand fpt*dy convifthq of offenders Pgainjithh ay be it enacted fey die authority aforesaid, That How justices die lord mayor, aldermen, and justices of thq peace for the said to proceed for city, or the lord mayor or alderman, as the case may be, before c2?v*?'on whom any |*rfon or persons, (ttydl be convicted of any offence 0 cn cr, # sgainft (bis atf, (rull and .may cause the conviction to be drawn

vp

Anno vicefiipo prhno (jeorgii III c.51. £1781. 1

up in the "following form of words, '.or in any other form of words to the like effect... ...

, . -.»lat. II <'*

FORM of .CONVICTION.

Form of coo City of London IDE it rememtyred* That on the vi&ioa. to wit. IXJ day of in the year

.. of his Majesty'ir reign, A. B. is conviiled before

', by virtue of an

ail mode in the twenty first year of the reign of .his majesty King George the'[bird. For further regulating and afcercaining the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within federal ports and places therein mentioned.

» [Specifying the offence, as the case shall be].

Given under our hands, and seats, [or hand and fed, ] the day and year first abovementioned.

r Proceedings And that no objection fhau: be made or advantage taken for nj want of form in any such conviction, by any person or persons

want of form whomsoever and that no proceeding to be bad touching the*conviction of any offender or offenders agaioft this act shall be quashed or vacated for want of form, or be removable by rrr/f orari, or any other process whatsoever, into any one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

Saving XXVI Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing ia

cwpormkm of a cbftt*inecf(hall alter, lessen, or defeat, any power, privi

)x)odon. lege, or franchtfe, which theinvlyor and Commonalty and citizens of the city of London have, dai«n, br enjoy, of appointing any market or markets for the.saie of .com arid grain within the said city and liberties thereof, or could or might have had, tlaim^ ed, and enjoyed, at any time before the paffingjof. this act

1 CAP^LL '

' ' *; r' r: : '. j

Jin alt to explain an ail, pafftd in the third year */ "Geqr& tie First, entitled An act for explaining an{acv, puffed in^be Uft femon of parliament, intituled, An afa ettigf' papjflf # regifier thdr names and real efiates, and for enlarging tty time of fitch registering and for fecurmg purthfifesmadety proteftante*. V 4, , ..,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an at, passed in the third ytat of the y reign of King George the First, intituled, An act fa Act j Geo. i. explaining an act, passed in the?iaft session of parliament, recited. 1 intituled, An act to oblige papiftr to register their names end real eft ales, and for enlarging the time of such registering, and for fecurtng pur chases made by' protestants \ is enacted, That, from end after the nine and twentieth day of September in the year of tyx

1781.] Anno vicesimo prin gfcorgit III CV $2.

Lord one thousand even hundred and fevinteen, no manors, lands, r nementty hereditaments, aay interest therein, dr rntf or .profit

thereout/ball pass, j/r*r, change, from any papijl, or person professing

the popish religion, £7 tfwy dad or will, except such deed, with in six months after the date, ira tw//, xwlaia jfer months after

the death of the testator, be inr oiled, hone of the King's courts of record at Weftcninfter, ^within the same county or counties -

wherein the manors, Arm, lie, 4? the cuftorrotulorutn, .-:

m.d.. two justices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the same ceunty or counties, r /tw d them at the leaf, whereof the efirk of tie peace to be mu: And whereasr in the execution of the find recked aft, several deeds and wills have been inr oiled before the custos ro tubrush, and two jujiices of the peace, and the deputy.clerk, of the peace, or two of them, whereof the deputy clerk of the peace has been otic, and same doubts have arifeu upon the said act, Southing the imoilmen ts of such deeds and wills, whither Juth deputy, in the absence of his principal, can or may lawfutiy.aft therein; be it therefore enacted by the lords fpirhual, and.temporal, and commons, in this present^assembled, and by the autho Deputy clerk rity of the same, That every deputy clerk of the peace shall, f he from henceforth, have the like and as full power and autho fame^wer in rity to administer oaths to parties and witnesses, of. the due exe administering cution of deeds and wills, and: to inroll all deeds and wills oaths relating whatsoever, as the clerk of the peace may or can do in his to the executi own proper person, under and by virtue of the said recited, aft, ^.whit*' or otherwise howsoever; and that all deeds and wills already principal, enrolied, and every Oath of the due execution thereof a<jq?ini ftered by the custos rotulorum, and two justices of the peace and the deputy clerk of the peace, or aiw two of them, (such de puty clerk of the peace being one), shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, of the same force, vigour, validity, and efsect, to all intents and purposes as if the same deeds and wills had hcen enrolied, and as if such oaths had been adnuftr iftered by or before tbc clerk of the peace in his own proper person!

LIJ.

An oftfor continuing the encouragement end reward of persons waking certain discover its for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful difioveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of thrpceimbu^ reign ofbisprtfint Majesty, [entitled, An act for conri Recital of to noing the encouragement and reward of persons making cer Geo. sfc.6i. tain discoveries.for finding the longitude at sea, ormaking<o there useful discoveries and improvements in navigations: an for making experiments relating thereto), r.the cmmtfjiobext for the itfieoery of. the longitude at sea were empowered, whenever they Should be jatisfied of the probability of any propofator propofols that fbsuld be made to them for discovering the said longitude, or moling any other useful discovery and improvement in navigation, fi

tfso Ann viccflmo primo Georgii III act. [1781.

CS to think it proper to cause experiment to be made thereof to certify the fatne to the cmmissioners of the navy; and also, in case they Jhoutd adjudge any person or persons to have made any £}' covery for fading the longitude at J'ea, which though not of so greet use as foie intiiled to any of the great rewards fpedfiea in an act fnade in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majtjhy, in >4 Geo. 3, C tituled An act for the repeal of all former as concerning the longitude at (ea, except so much thereof as rebates tathe appointment and authority of the eommutumef; *thereby constituted) and also such clauleaas relate to the canftrusing, printing, publmhioe, vending, *, and Jiccnsing, of nautical almanacs, and other useful tables $ and for the mere effectual encouragement arid reward of such person and persons (hail discover a method for finding the same, *or shall tnakeuiefui discoveries in navigation and for the bettor making experiments relating thereto); yet that the said dfcavery was of considerable use to tbt punici, or to have made any aether discovery or dijioveries, improvement or improvements, useful to. navigation, to certify stub left re ward, -orfiuht or sums of moneys as they the said tommffioners for the discovery of longitude jhouu think reasonaue, to be paid to Jucb person or persons; and the commissmers of the navy west thereby authorised and required to shake out bills upon the treasurer of tbt navy for such sums so certified, who was thereby autborifod to pay the some immediately to fuels person or persons 2 And whereas, by reason of feverat payments made by the treasurer of the navy to Jtverti persons, in pursuance of the directions of the said first mentionti aft, the said commissionrs for the discovery of longitude have nearly expended the sum tfftue thyufand pounds, granted by the said act for the purfofet oforefhd: Atidwhereas tbt continuing the fond encouragement and rewards for the purpofos mentioned in the said first mentioned act, will contribute to the advantage of trade, and to the honour of this kingdom: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ind be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and; with the advice and confeqt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par commissioners liament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That it of the navy, shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners for ?"db*in^rti* the.discovery of longitude, and they have hereby full power and commwfioner* authority Whenever they shall be satisfied of the probability of of longitude any pfdpofai or proposals that shall be made to them for the of the proba discovering the said longitude, or making any other useful dif bility ofaov covery and improvement in navigation, so as to think it proper 5ifcovering0r to cause experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the longitude, the commissioners of the navy; and also in case they (had ad c. judge any person or persons to have made any discovery for

finding tlwriongitude at fca, which, " though of not so great use as lo be inritled to any of, (be great rewards specified m the said a of*the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, yet that the said difcpvery is of .considerable use to tine public, or to have made" any uther discovery or ckfcoveries^ improvement or improvement?, useful ur navigation, to certify such less reward, or

hap

178 i L Anno vicchmo primo Georgii III c.53. 3fzi

fom or sums of money, as they the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such person or persons; the commissioners of the navy are here shall orders by authorised and required to make out a bill or bills upon the reward to be treasurer of the navy for such sum or sums as shall be so certi pa^to th fed to them by the said commissioners for the discovery of Ion fuebpropo gitude; and the said treasurer of the navy is hereby authorised ** " ; *and required to pay immediately such film or sums, to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said commiflkm ers for the discovery of longitude to make such experiments, or to receive such less reward, or sum or sums of money, for make' '

lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at Tea, or any other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, out of any moneys which Audi be in his the said treafurervhands unapplied to the use of the navy.

IL Provided always, and be itenacted, That all such sum or Tfcfbn, *sums of money as shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy, by be paid by virtue of this afty for the purposes of making such experiments virtue of thi» as aforefoid, and in rewarding wi a leflfcr degree lesser discoveries aft not to ex for finding the longitude at sea, and also other discoveries and coed 5, 000*improvements useful to navigation, do not all together exceed the sum of five thousand pounds.

HI. Provided also, That such sum or sum Shall be certified, T. _ and such bilk shall be made out, and payment thereof made, in Jertffoa* feck manner, and under the same regulations and previous, as and payment are in and by the said act of the fourteenth year of, his present made, agreea majesty prescribed, with regard to#the sum of five thousand ble to the re pounds, by the said act made applicable to the encouragement above remand reward of such person or personsas should make lefier difoo cited aft 14 veries for finding the longitude at sea, or make other useful dif Geo. coveries and improvements in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto.

CAP. LIII

An act to render valid certain marriages, solemnised in certain 'churches and public chapels in which banns had not usually ber fublijbed before or at the time of pajfing an act, made in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, entitled) An act for the better preventing of clandestine marriages.

WHEREAS, ftnee the making of an act, paffid in the ^

twenty sixth year of the reign of his late mayfly king George pram C the Second, intituled, An act for the better preventing of ckmdef go. », tine marriages, diverse churches and public chapels have been erected recked and built within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, which have been duly cone cratid, and diverse marriages have been solemnised therein, but by rtafon that in such churches and chapels banns of matrimony bad not usually been publi/htd before or at the time of pajfing the said act, such marriages have been deemed to be void \ may it therefore pleafo your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

king's

322 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.54. [178t*

King's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and corn rent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, folemnizecp* That marriages already solemnised, or to be solemnised before Aug. j, before the first day of auguji* one thousand seven hundred and II in any*eighty one, in any church or public: chapel in that part of church, See, Great Britain called England ivales* and the town of Berwick er^since u^on Wie erc^e^ since tbc making of the said *61, and con the making of fecrated, shall be as good and valid in law as if such marriages the recited a, had been solemnised in parish churches or public chapels hav dedaredvalid. Jug chapelries annexed, and wherein banns had been usually publi(hed before or at the time of passing the said recited act.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That whossduo par^ons» vicars, ministers, and curates, who, before the tenth lemnize such day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall marriages, in have solemnised any of the mahriages which are hereby enacted damnified. to be valid in law, shall be, and they ate hereby indemnified a.

gainst the penalties inflicted by the said recited act upon persons who shall solemnise marriages in any other place than a church or public chapel in which banns had been usually poblilhed before or at the time of passing the said recited act.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, focsmwriaget That the registers of marriages, solemnised or to be solemnised to be received in the said churches or chapels, which are hereby enacted to be as evidence, valid in law, or copies thereof, shall be received in all courts of

law and equity as evidence of such marriages, in the lame manner as registers of roarrigges solemnised in parish churches or public chapels, in which banns were usually publishcd before or at the time of passing the said recited act, or copies thereof are received in evidence.

Registers of marriages solemnised in chapels to be removed to the parish church.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the registers of all marriages, solemnised in any public chapels which are hereby enacted to be valid in law, shall, within twenty days next after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, be removed to the parish church of the parish in which such chapel shall be situated; in case such chapel shall be situated in an extra parochial place, then ro the parish church next adjoining to such extra parochial place, to be kept with the marriage registers of such parish, and in like manner as marriage registers are directed to be kept by the said recited act.

CAP. LIV

An act for the better regulating elections of citizens to serve in parliament for the city of Coventry.

Preamble. Reciting that by the last determination of the house of commons, the 10 th of November, 1722, the right ot election for the city of Coventry, declared to be in such freemen as have served seven years apprenticeship, to one and the lame trade, in the said city or luburlw, and do not receive alms or weekly chanty, such fret men being duly sworn and enrolled 1 and reciting frauds at the last election, (in open council to be held at St. Mary's mil, on the first and lait Tuesday in every

.io ai?np ricefimo primo Georgii IIL C 55.'

ry month. Limitation of the expense of taking up the freeborn. 39.eacfi1 hefidei ^amp^uty. None to be admitted to their freedom, without pro goring pvideftce of i*gular indentures or deeds of apprenticed p for sewn years, and decltfptoa oatf»the name, trade, and residence, of his master. during the rhyme he served and his own residence, when claiming to be admitted, and may be attended by agents; the council authorised apd ' h^idrravo adminiller the oath. Town clerk to enter the above particu -- lirtirt^book. Lists of. the names of all the freemen, Sec. admitted to ifepo&dpiuto: church doors, within twenty-four hours after the council. acku Councils net to be be held after notice of an election, till the same is finished. Electors to be sworn. The oath. viz.

'trotj do swear, That your name is A B. and that you have been ad i mitred to the freedom of the city of Coventry under indentures, or. deeds of apprentice ship j and that you have served seven years appren t ticediip to one and the fame'trade in. the said city, or the suburbs thereof; and that ydii are of the age of twenty-one years, or upwards; and have not been polled before pt this election..

.. So help you GOD.

Perfoy guilty of periury, liable to the laws sgainft perjury. Penalty on returning officer for admitting persons to poll without being sworn, 1001, aifd 011 members of the council for refusing to admit persons entitled to ftfcir freedom, tool; 1 Proviso, if doubts arise, the council may Hear evidence to dxtprore ike 'same. Penalty on town clerk for making fraudulent qatri^s* Sec. so 1. This act ltull extend only to freemen having right jty vote at elections for members. Election booth to be erected in the mdeft and moult convenient part Of the open market place called cros 'thtaping, not contiguous to any other building. Penalties to be recovered with xofts by a&ton of debt, C in any court at Westminster. Limitation of anions one year. Publicly aft Deeds or indentures of ap pfenticefliip. Sec. shall be registered by the town clerk in six calendar months or void.

CAP. LV

An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof \ for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commi/foners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise impojid by the said act

WHEREAS certain inland duties are imposed on all chocolate made in this kingdom, but no such duties are charged on the coconuts from which such chocolate is made, whereby evil minded persons are encouraged to pur chase large quantities of thefs nuts who afterwards do privately make chocolate from the famey and vend the said chocolate Jo maiey without any duty being charged thereony to the great injury of the revenue, and to the hurt of the fair trader; which fraud cannot so effectually be prevented as by repealing the 'duties now chargeable upon chocolate, and by impofmg upon all cocoa Vol XXXIII*Z: '*' nuts

323

Preamble.

V

324 Anno vicesimo primo Georgix III C 55. [17v1;

'nuts an inland duty proportionate to the duty now to he repealed; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tens.. and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and 178ijthc m by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth land duties on day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, the chocolate to several inland duties now payable for chocolate made in Great ccaiei Britain shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or paya

except relat ble; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering any ing to reco arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said du veringanears, ties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been in curred upon, or at any time before, the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one j anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And, to the intent that no failure or deficiency may accrue or happen, by the determination of the said duties on chocolate, in the respective funds to which those duties were appropriated and applicable, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, in lieu thereof there shall be answered and

-- -- — paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all

expound*nuts already imported, or which shall hereafter be im shall he paid ported, into this kingdom, (over and above all other duties al for all cocoa ready payable for the same at the customhouse), an inland du nutsimported; ty after the rate of eiglueen pence each pound weight avoirdupois, and in that proportion for a greater or letter quantity; idoftiona^du subject nevertheless to the additional impost of five pounds per

In lieu there of, an additional inland

ty of 5 percent, granted

centum, arid of five pounds per centum, in the same manner, and under the same regulations, as the additional duty of five pounds

by 19 Geo. 3, centum, and of five pounds per centum are granted to his Mac.

25 i

and to 5 percent, granted by 21 G

C 17

eo. 3,

Coconuts, which, on July 5, i78r

jeftv by two several acts, the one made in the nineteenth year of nis present majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain) 5 the other made in this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain).

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all coconuts, which on the said fifth day of July, one ?h ill a d tbpufand seven hundred and eighty one, shall be lodged or fe in^archouses curet n any warehouse or warehouses, in pursuance of the di purfuanttoan reftions of ars aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his act of 10 Geo. late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for repealing 1, shall certain duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee, tea, coconuts,

the new duty, chocolate, and cocoa pajle imported, and for granting certain inlaki duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of cboco late ready made, and cocoa pa fie; and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea, and coconuts imported', and for granting relief to Robert Dalzell earl of Carnwath), shall be and are hereby charged with the said duty of eighteen pence per pound, to b^paid by the proprietor or proprietors thereof.

IV And

17r1.] Atmo vicilimo primd gk6rgii HI. C 55. ^5

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

Thfct all the coconuts which any dealer in, or seller of, coffee, to.

teayc&coa nuts, or chocolate, in Great Britain (other th?n and except such person who shall make chocolate for their family 0n July 5, life, and not for sale, with respect only to their flock in hand), 178** or any person or persons in trust for his, her, or their use, shall, be possessed of, or jnterefted in, upon the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall be, and are hereby charged with the said duty of eighteen pence per pound weight; which said duty for such coconuts flock in hand,

shall be paid by the person or persons respectively possessed of the same.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons pof, all and every the said dealers in, or sellers of, coffee, tea, cocoa fcffed of cocoa oats, or chocolate, and all and every other person and persons whatsoever, who in trust for them, or for the use, benefir, or an account accent of them, or any or either of them, shall have in his, thereof in her, or their custody or possession, in any place whatfpeyer, up wnj, ns w, th>n on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and nextofficei* eighty one any parcel or quantity of coconuts, shall on that excise. day, or within ten days next ensuing, give a true and particular account thereof in writing, at the next office of excise within the limits of which he or they shall then respectively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such of fence, and also the coconuts of which no such account shall have been given, which shall and may be seized by any officer of excise; and within three calendar months after he, she, or they shall have given, or ought to have given, such account as [bree^montto, aforesaid, shall pay down the duties hereby payable fqr such coconuts, to the proper officer or officers for receiving the same; and all and every such dealers in, or sellers of, coffee, tea, cocoa not, or chocolate, who shall refufeor neglect to make such payment for his, her, or their said flock of coconuts, within the time by this act limited for that purpose, shall forfeit double the sum of the duty which should have been so paid by him, her, or them as aforesaid.

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers for the inland duties upon coffee and tea, to take a true and particular account of coaccount of all such coconuts as any dealer in, or seller of, coa nuts in coffee, tea, coconuts, or chocolate, or any other person or per hand; son* in trust, or for the use, benefit, or account V them, or any or either of them, shall be possessed of, or interested in; and for that purpose shall be permitted in the daytime to enter into £**** any dwelling house, outhouses, or other place whatsoever, be cme^dwdlina longing to every and any such dealer in, or seller of, coffee, tea, houses, C coconuts, or chocolate, and each of them, who are hereby required to permit and suffer such officers officers, upon his or their request, to make such entry, on the said fifth day of Juljr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, or afterwards at any tim? before the duty on fu#h coconuts flock in hand

Z toll

32fi

Penalty oft eland eftinely 1 emoting or concealing coconuts, Before they hare been

aano viocfimo primo gb6hqik IQ. C 55.

shall be paid, and to take fach aooourtf thereof, by otherwise, as shall bed ascertain the true quantity tif they, or any of them, shall refuse to permit or fuffor officer or officers foto do, or shall refuse to assist the shin weighing the said coconuts (lock in hand, or ftial obstruct, or hinder any officer or officers for the said ' ties in the due execution of the powers hereby given, they, shall respectively forfeit twenty pounds for CV fence: and if any dealer in, or seller of, coffee, tea, or chocolate, or any other person, having in his, her custody or poflsession, any coconuts chargeable by f*the said duties, as (lock in hand, shall clandeftincljr re carry away, or caufeoi* fufferto be removed or earned same, or any part thereof, before the duties shall ebareed^the c^argcc^ thereon, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide, officer.^or suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce fpeftion of the officer for the said duties all such that then, and in every such case, every person so shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, and a! coa nuts so clandestinely removed or carried awa lently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and (hal seized by any officer for the said inland duties; and or persons, in whose custody such coconuts shall who shall not before the dileovcry thereof give next office of excise of the quantity of coca nuts foin or their custody, shall also forfeit and lose the sum Shillings for every pound weight of such coconuts.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority. The powers. That all and every the powers, authorities, direst: and she peni methods, penalties, forfeitures, dauses, matters, an ties inflicted, which in and by an act made in the tenth year of by an act of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled. An jo Geo. 1, or piling certain duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee relatm/to he nuts cb°c°late* and cocoa pa fie imported, and for granting duties on co land duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the i chocolate ready made, and cocoa pajle; and for better aft duties payable upon toffee, tea, and cocoa nuts imported granting relief to Robert Dalzell, earl of Carnwath); other act or acts of parliament now in force, rekr* majesty's duties upon coffee, tea, or coconuts, arc settled, or established, for managing, railing, levying, cj recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, eofcj securing the duties or penalties thereby granted, snq renting, detesting, and punishing frauds relating theral than in such eases for which other penalties and p*cm made and prescribed by this act), shall be exercised | used and put in execution, in and for themamd ing, levying, collecting, recovering, ascertaining, adjudl igating, enforcing, and securing the said inland duties xtt nuts hereby imposed, and for preventing, detesting, an] 'ing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effe&uslly, 1

coa nuts, Sec. hall be in force in executing this act.

3*7

1781.] Anno vicefiroo prltnogeorgii III 0.55.

ttnu and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, daufcs, matters, and things, were specially repeated, and again cosded in the body of this present act.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all moneys by and in rcfped of the duties hereby granted [^11 be *' and imposed on coconuts (the necessary charges of raising and applied, accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster% and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to the same txfes and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the moneys arising by the duties on chocolate hereby repealed were by the said act, made in the tenth year of his said late majesty's reign, appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Former rules

That all and every the rules, regulations, dircdions, penalties, relating to and forfeitures, by any act or acts of parliament prescribed or Peking, enjoined for the paeking, papering, tying, (tamping, and mark s^atet''

ing, and for vending of chocolate made in Great Britain, shall to remain in continue to beobserved and put in practice as to all chocolate force, hereafter to be made; in Greet Britain, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if each and every the said rules, regulations, diredioos, penalties, and forfeitures, were here again enabled in

the body of this present a A.

X And, to the intent that the inland duty by this 7 granted upon cotta nuts may not be too burtbenjome upon the importers thereof. Coconut, it is hereby further provided and enacted, That, from and after after entry at the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eigh the custom ty one, all such cocoa nuts.as shall be imported into this king house, to be dom, upon the entry thereof at the customhouse, and paying

or (ecuring the custom dudes imposed thereon, shall be forth*put into warehouses provided for that purpose, as directed by the said before recited act of the tenth year of the reign of King George the fir(t; .and the importer or proprietor thereof shall have power to garble and separate, in such warehouse or warehouses, such coconuts, as hath been usual to make it merchantable; and no part of the coconuts brought into such warehouse or warehouses shall be taken or carried out of such an(j nqt^warehouse or warehouses respectively upon any account what thereout until ever, but upon payment of the inland duties by this act impof the inland du ed on the said coconuts in manner following; that is to say, ties are paid, the importer or proprietor, or such person or persons as shall be appointed by him or them, shall, for such coconuts as shall be lodged in such warehouse or warehouses within the cities of London and wejlmm/ler, or the weekly bills of mortality, make entry with the receiver or collector of the said inland duties, within the said limits, of the quantity of coconuts he or she intends to take out of such warehouse, and pay down in ready money to such receiver or collcdor the inland duty on coconuts

z 3 by

wiurjfehoiife keeper, on rectivirfg a

to weigh and deliver such coconuts as are required, and to give a permit with (he same.

328 Anno vicesimo primo Georgix Till. C 55- C

by this act granted; and in all other plaees of Great Britain such entries shall be made at the office of excise next to the warehouse or warehouses where such coconuts hall be so lodged as aforesaid, and the person taking ouj the same shall pay down tlte said inland duty to the collector appointed to receive the same; and upon producing a warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates, signed by such respective receiver or collector, proper certi (certifying that he has received the said inland duties, ) to the cate signed by respective warehouse keeper or warehdufe keepers, such ware housekeeper or warehouse keepers shall thereupon, at the ex pence of the person applying for the same, weigh the said co fcoa nuts so required to be delivered out, and after taking an account of the quantity so weighed, shall deliver out of fach warehouse or warehouses all the coconuts mentioned or exr pressed in such warrant or warrants, certificate or certificates respectively, to have paid the said inland duties; and there fpe&ive warehouse keeper and warehouse keepers are thereupon to give to the person so taking out the same a permit or certificate to accompany such coconuts so delivered out, (which permit or.certificare shall be also signed by the officer attending the said warehouse) to prevent the seizing thereof.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, garble to t*131 garble of all such coconuts, when garbled and fecur

- ed in such warehouse, ift manner as aforesaid, shall and may,

from time to time, by the order and dire&iot) of the respective cpmmissioners of excise, be removed out of the said warehouse, by the officers attending the same, and such garble shall he forthwith burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by the order of the said respechve commissioners.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons who shall have actually paid his majesty's duties, by this net

been pad may payable upon coconuts, and to and for any other person who be exported, shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to, any such coconuts from the person who actually paid the duties for the said coconuts, to export such coconuts, or the chocolate made of such coconuts to any parts beyond the seas by way of merchandise; giving a sufficient security before the shipping thereof, that the

pe burnt.

Coconuts, fonvhich the duties have

C

giving fecuri fy that the

frme not particular quantity of coconuts, or of the chocolate so intend pe relanded. c(j^exportc<^ an(j every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be relanded or brought again into any part of Great Britain; which security the officer of excise, at the port of exportation, shall take in his majesty's name, and to his Use; statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII Provided always. That if, after the (hippiqg of any Penalty on re such coconuts, or of such chocolate, and the tendering or landing such giving such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the drawback herein after mentioned, the same, or any part thereof, shall be relanded, that then, and in every such case, over anda £pve the penalty of the bond, which shall be recovered and levi

V $1

coconuts.

i7$i.j Annp vicesimo primo Georgii iii/c. 55. 329

ed to his majesty's use, all the said coconuts, and all the said chocolate, which shall be so landed', or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XIV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the person who shall so export any such coconuts,

or any such chocolate as aforesaid, shall or may make proof up coconut, on oath, or by affirmation, (in case the person exporting the C to make same be a known quaker), respectively, that the inland duties oath that the upon the said coconuts have been paid, and that the duty up ^itpaidt on the coconuts whereof the said chocolate was made had *

been paid, (which oath or affirmation the Collector of exqjje, or other person who receives the said duties, is hereby impow ered and required to administer); and thereupon the officer of excise at the port of exportation shall give to the exporter thereof a certificate under his hand, expressing the true quantity and kind of the commodity so exported, and that the same was shipped in Hisjpresence, and that sufficient security has been given*For f which certificate being produced to the collector of excise, or he inlandvu person appointed to receive the inland duty upon coconuts in ty to be paid the county or place where the same was exported, he shall forth to the export with pay to the person so exporting, or his agent, four fifths cross the inland duty which had been paid for the said coconuts so exported, or for the coconuts whereof the said chocolate so exported was made; and if such collector shall not have money in his hands to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the sums mentioned in such certificate out of the moneys arising from the duties by this at imposed upon coconuts.

XV And) the more effectually to prevent frauds which may be committed in the exportation of coconuts and of chocolate, be it

further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when any per Exporter of son shall be desirous of shipping any quantity of coconuts or chocolate, for which a drawback is to be allowed, such person or tjc* togthe of" persons (before the said goods shall be shipped) shall be obliged ficer two days to give notice in writing to the proper officer of the division or before the place where the coconuts or chocolate are intended to be hip ped, two days next before the same shall be put on (hipboard; 0 p00

in which notice shall be expressed the quantity of coconuts and of chocolate respectively so intended to be shipped, and the time when the said goods will be packed up in order to be exported; which said chocolate shall, at the time expressed in such notice, be brought enclosed, and tied up and stamped in manner and form as chocolate made in Great Britain is directed to be enclosed, tied up, and stamped; and the commissioners of excise are hereby empowered and directed to cause such of taknofffk>ni ficer to take care to see that the (lamp be taken off from e aii chocolate very parcel and piece of the said chocolate so intended to be exported, exported, and the said officer shall take an account of thp quantity of coconuts or chocolate so intended to be exported, and shall make a return to the proper officer to be appointed for that purposel

Z VI anct

3^6 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C i

Securities XVI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid Donation of That the securities by this act directed to be given for the due coconuts, exportation of coconuts, and of chocolate made in Great Bribe. to be dif tain as aforesaid, shall be discharged, without fee or reward, up charged, on on certificate returned or produced to the commissioners of ex cl?ti ce unc^cr common seal of the chief magistrate in any place Scate, r&c, *' or places beyond the feasor under the hands and seals of two*known Brittjb merchants then being at such place or places,

that such coconuts, or that such chocolate, was there jand CD or upon proof, by credible witnefies, that such coconuts, or such chocolate, were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas; examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the Commissioners of excise for the time being.

Damaged cof XVII And whereas damaged coffee, and damaged coconuts, have tee, or da frequently been imported into this kingdom, and have been sold for fau maged cocoa vage, or on other accounts, and the same have been afterwards taken into certain'price*, fioc^s f persons dealing in coffee, tea, and cocoa nuti, 'by xftbta

j, otto be sold means great frauds have been carried oh, and smuggling encouraged, for home conto the great loss of the revenue, and to the great, injury of the fair futnption; trader \ for preventing of which mifehiefs, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth ly of July, one thousand seven hundred and elghty pne, no damaged coffee whatever, which cannot be sold at a public sale tor one drilling and sixpence the pound weight avoirdupois, nor any damaged coconuts whatever, which cannot be sold at a public sale for one shilling the pound weight avoirdupois, shall, dn afty account whatever, be sold to be consumed within this hut fecuredin kingdom; but all such damaged coffee arid coconuts respec wareboufei. tively, under their respective value aforesaid, shall, as (oon as landed in this kingdom, be secured, by the proper officer of excise, in same warehouse or warehouses to be provided for that purpose, at the charge of the respec1ive importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, of such damaged coffee or coconuts, and to be approved of by the respective commissioners of excifej Npt to be ta dr maj°r Part f them, for the time being; and shall there ken thereout, remain until the same (ha»j be delivered out of such warehouse until sufficient or warehouses unto the proprietor or importer, or other persons, security be as stich proprietors or importers shall appoint in that behalf; exportation up°b sufficient security to be first given to his Majesty, his heirs thereof. and successors, (which security the commissioners of excise for the time being, or such person or persons as they shall, from time to time, appoint for that purpose, are hereby required and Empowered to take) that the same, and every part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain; which security Shall be discharged, without fee or reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the commissioners of excise, or such per fpn as aforesaid, under the common seal of the chief magistrate in any place or places beyond the feasor under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being in such place. Or places; that such coffee or coconuts were there landed; or rppon proof, by credible persons, that the same were taken by, '. 1 enemies,

Anrio Vicdflfnd ^rimo geosgti HI. C 55. 33v

criinues. or perilled in the seas; the examination krid pfoof ''''

tfidreof oeing left to the judgement df the cbrnmissionefs of CX ctfe for the time being. \

XVJII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Alfyiivante so rfhat, from and after the said fifth day or July, one thousand (even officer Out of hundred and eighty one, where any officer of excise shall have the produce seized, as forfeited for unlawful importation, any cbffee, choco fc^edforu? lite, coconuts, or cocoa paste, (he refpe6tive cditimission^rs of jawful iuipor efccife shall allow to such officer one third part of the full sum tation. C " that shall arise from the sale of such chocolate, cocfoa paste, or coconuts, after condemnation thereof rcfpedtlvely, free of all charges of condemnation and sale.

XIX Provided always, and be it further edaefted say the Ho" authority aforesaid. That if the coffee, chocolate, cocoa past, warded i^case and coconuts, so Prized, after condemnation thereof, be sold the coffae, c. public sale for the sum of one shilling per pound Weight, such'seized by him coffee, chocolate, cocoa paste, and coconuts, rcfpeftivriy, shall' thall prove not in anywise be sold, but the same, and every part thereof, unfalca shall be burnt, orotherwise deftioyfcd, by the bidder df the re fpetftivecommissioners of excise j and; in such case, the officer

making the feiidre shall be Warded in such mariner "as the said commissioners shall think proper, such rewafd not exceeding sixpence for each pound Weight of such chocolate, codoa aft, arid coconuts, relpd^ively, so burnt 6? ddftrdyed.,

XX And whereas tea dealers, and other persons, do frequently, After Joty Under colour and fan flion of the permits granted to them for the rev tfeaf V ihoval of tea from one part of this kingdom to dnblher, find fh\*ans to p0unds* copy smuggled tea into their flocks, narto the (oafls of this kingdom, weight, ex dna afterwards to convey and remove flub smuggled tea to places with eept,

in the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or to other part: of this b? brought kingdom, there to be sold and dfpofed of, to the encouraging of gling, the great 'diminution of the public revenue, and''to ine injury f

f the fair trailer; for remedy whereof, belt enacted by the authority, aforesaid, That, from and after tile twenty-fifth day of.. r. July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, no^tea (exceeding the quantity of six pourids weight) shall at any time (save as herein after i mentioned) be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom, not bring within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the dhief office of excise in Lon f "*

don, to any place within the said limits; and if any tea shall be Penalty, sound Tq removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with qr without permit, (save as herein after is mentioned) the ft|me, tpgether with the canifters, bags? and other package'*

whatsoever, containing the same, and the vessels and boats, nd the horses, and other cattle, and carriages, employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited? and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXI And be' ft further eqa&ed by the authority aforesaid. After July ts, That, from and after the said twentyrfifth day of July, one 1781, no tea thousand seven hundred and eighty one, no tea exceeding the above 40 'fjuahtity of forty pounds weight, (not bring in the original chest Poundt '' 4 If

332 Anno vicesimo primo Georg n HJ. C 55. [1711;

weight, (not in which the same tea was imported into this kingdom by the being in the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi / cbeft in which an<j then continuing in the same (late in which it was lo ported*imported, ) at any one time, directed to one and the lamp periled to any son or persons, where there are two or more in joint trade or one person, partnership, shall be removed or carried from any city, town, itc. shall be parish, or place, in this kingdom, not being within the limits one town to afor*km, to any other place out of the limits aforesaid, net another. within the said city, town, parish, or place from which the same shall be so removed or carried; and if any tea, exceeding the said quantity of forty pounds weight, at any one time, directed to one and the same person or persons, where there are two or more in joint.trade or partner(hip, (and not being in the original chests as aforesaid, ((hall be found so removed or carried, or removing or carrying, whether with or without permit, the Penalty. same, together with the canifters, bags, and other package, containing the same, and the vessels and boats, and the borfcs and other cattle and carriages employed in removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Several pack XXII Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in ages, of 40 this act contained shall be construed to prevent any dealer in p°un<j* r*0*1 any ^uck town, parish, or place, as aforesaid, from taking se^amecper ° out wo or more and by virtue thereof, sending two or

Ion, See. on more packages ot forty pounds each to the f^me person in the der different same day, so a the said packages shall not contain more than permits. Sec. forty pounds each, and shall be sent under different permits, and by different conveyances,

After Jply XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1781 f all tea That, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of July, one thou even hundred and eighty one, all tea seized and arrested shall be sent to ai?y °ccr f the customs, or for the inland duties upon tea, London, and for any cause of forfeiture, in any part of England, dominion cf depofired in ff^ales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hau, before the toe

warehousetj tea, or any part thereof, be sold, be sent to and deposited in some warehouse or warehouses, to be appointed for that purpoi'e by the respective commissioners of excise and customs in England within the city of London, in order to be there publicity And all tea sold; and that ail tea seized and arrested by the respective offi feijccd in Scotr cers of the customs or excise, for any cause of forfeiture, within land (MH be that part of Great Britain called Siotland, shall, before the same, t^rrltamlfo ?r wp*rt hereof, be sold, be sent to and deposited in toe dtpoiiud. Sec. warehouse qr warehouses, to be appointed for that purpofcbf*the respective commissioners of the cuffoms and excise in Sat land, within the linvts of the city of Edinburgh, to be there publicly sold all which said teas shall be sent to the said warehouses, in the said cities of London and Edinburgh refpedivdy, with proper permits signed by the respective officers of ex the, cr supervisors of the place of diflrid from whence the said tea a so bp removed, to accompany such tea from the parts or places'''' stot

333

1781, ] Anno Vicclinio primo Georgii III C 55.

where the same shall have been secured, after the same shall have been seized and arrested as aforesaid, to such warehouse or warehouses, foto be appointed as aforesaid; in which permits stall be expressed that the tea so sentis tea seized as forfeited, or tea condemned as forfeited, as the case shall happen to be; anything in this, or in any other at of parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV Provided always, and be it further enabled by the How dealert authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the said twenty-fifth are to proceed day of Jufyy one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, if any ho shall see dealer in tea, who shall have received into his flock any tea return aoy^ moved according to the directions of this act, and accompanied received by with an authentic permit or certificate, shall see cause to return them agree the same, or any part thereof, to the person from whom he re 10 ceived the same, then and in every such case such tea dealer^may, within twenty-four hours after he or she shall have received the same tea into his or her flock, give twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excise, under whose survey such dealer shall then be, of his intention to return the said tea, or any part thereof, and shall in such' notice express the true cause and oepafion for returning the same, and such officer is hereby required to attend accordingly; and so as soon as the said officer shall have examined the said tea intended to be so returned, and shall have taken an account of the quality and of the quantity there;

such dealer in tea shall forthwith, and in the presence of such officer, repack the same tea, and shall immediately, or within half an hpur after the coming of the said officer, and in the presence of the said officer, write on the outside of the package, in which the returned tea shall then be, in large legible characters, as well his own chriffian and surname, as also the christian and surnames of the person or persons, or the name or firm of the company from whose flock the same tea was received, and jikcwifc the words Returned Tea; and the said officer is hereby Officer to requitpd and directed to underwrite on the package his own christian and surname, and to mark the said package with some mark or number, and shall then, and not before, grant a permit or certificate to accompany the said tea foto be returned; in which permit or certificate shall be expressed the quantity dnd quality of the tea so returned, the cause and occasion of returning the same, the marft or number put on the package, the christian and surname both of the person from whose flock removed, and of the person to whom the same is to be returned, and alfq the tiipe for which such permit shall be in force; and if any such tea be found returned, or in part returned, or return ^

ing without such permit or certificate as aforesaid accompanying wlthoiu a^pro* the same; or if such tea be found returned, or in part returned, per permit, ? or returning to any other person or persons than the person or C persons from whom the said tea had been first received; or if the tea returned, or in part returned, or returning with such permit or certificate as aforesaid, be not the identical tea which had Jjccq rcpciycd as aforesaid, without smy addition to, or alterati*' '' Pfl

334 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 55. [1781.

bti of the same; then, and in each and every such Case the 6kt tea, with the package containing the same, shall be forfeited, and (hail artd rtiay be fei&ed by any officer or officer df exrife; and the person or persons returning the same, contrary to the true ihteht and meaning of this proviso, shall forfeit and lose the sum of orte hundred pounds.

Officers to de XXV And whereas tea of [matt value, and of inferior quality, is mafldaltft frequently sent from the ft oik 5 of tea dealers to other dealers in tea fjteowrof'with permits or certificates to protest the same, and great frauds are tealmevil minded persons, who change the tea whilst tbefdtfie to to tettkor is removing from one place to another, and who fubjhtute Jtnuggled tea ed jwytngfbr of far ftiperior quality and value in the place thereof: now, in order the same* totnable the officers sir the inland duties upon tea to deuft futh frauds, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, when any dealer in tea shall have taken out any permit or permits for removing tea from his own flock to the flock of any other Hke dealer, it shall and may be lawfol for any officer Or officers for the said inland duties to demand z fatnple (not exoee<fcng two ounces, or less than one ounce, to be sealed'by the trader, if he shall think fit, in the presence of the officer) out Of each parcel Of the tea so intended to be removed, paying for Rich Tample according to the price that such tea shall then commonly bear and Penalty on re be lpld for; and if any such dealer, so sending a Way tea as fufingofficer aforesaid, shall'by himself, or by his servant, refufot64t»ffer'or fachiample, permit such officer or officers to take away any such' (ample of such tea upon his or their offering to pay for the same the price that such tea shall then commonly bear and be sold for 5 or if any such dealer In tea shall by himfdf, of by his servant, deliver a (ampie of tea, not being the Very tea foto be sent away with the said permit or certificate's aforesaid; every futh dealer (hail, such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty

, rjr_____. And 'be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

six pounds That if any tea, exceeding six pohnds weight, shall be found weight, to be catryihg Or nemovingfrom any orre part of this kingdom to any one town to ot^er p*rt thereof, unless at such times as herein after mention another in the fed $ that is to say, from the twenty^ninth day of September to flight the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, between the hours of seven in the morning and five in the eveningand from the said twenty-fifth day or March to the twenty-ninth day of September yearly, between the hours of five in the morning and seven in evening, (except the same is removing or carrying by a known common stagecoach, wagon or other stage carriage, which op penalty of ufbally travel out of those hours, ) the said tea, and the package forfeiture, C containing the same, whether the same be accompanied with or without a permit, and all cattle and carriages made use of in the removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and ttiay be seized by any officer or officers fr fhp inland duties iipon tea.

Recital. XXVII And whereas great frauds have been, and are daily prettified

by persons dealing in exciseable commodities, who take out permits

from

tor every pounds. r XXVI

Apjip vipc0mo primo Georgii IH, €.55. j

from the officers of excise sir removing theft commodities front their nfpsqivt facts and under pretence of sending the same to distant parts do obtain permits to continue in force longer than is neufiary sir the removing the aid goods, and infaad of removing the same directly from their respective facts do mate use of the same permits sir protectingfmuggled goods whereby the revenue is greatly Icjfened* and the fair trader in thofecommodities aggrieved; and whereas doubts have arifsn* whether officers of excise who give permits to accompany exciftable goods or commodities removing from one place of this king dom to another, by land or by water have authority to limit and express in such permits the time within which the goods and cmmodi* ties in such permits specified or mentioned*/ball be removed from and Otft of the flock of the persons taking out such permits and also the ... _ _

times within which the same goods and commodities fall be delivered and received into the flocks of the person or persons respeciively to whom the same are so permitted to be sent: now to put an end to all doubts bo it declared and ea*dted by the authority aforesaid, Officers, n. That it is the true intent and meaning of the several of so^remorin* parliament, which direct the giving of such permits, that the cxrifeabie9officers of excise who give the same (hold, and they C bound good, are to to express and limit, in every such permit, as well the time for which such permits shall be in force, for removing and fencing atu bela away such goods or commodities from and out of the (locks of force, so, the persons taking out such permits, as also the time within which the same goods or commodities shall be delivered, and actually received into the (locks of the person or persons to whom the same shall be so permitted to be sent; and, if any Penaltyon not goods or commodities, liable to excise or inland duties, and which by the several (latutes in such case made, are required to able to ie be removed or sent away with permit, are not actually removed permits, C and sent away from and out of every such (lock within the time limited and expressed in the respective permits for removing and sending away the same, or, in default of so sending away and removing the said goods or commodities, the respective permits shall not be returned to the officer or officers from whom the same were had then, and in every such case, the person or persons, from and out of whose (lock the said goods or com inedkies are thereby authorised to be removed, lhali be fobjed to the like forfeitures and penalties as are directed in and by an act, made and pated in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the h'irft, intituled, An act sir snore tffecr AA Geo* 1. total preventing frauds and abufis in the public revenues; sir preventing frauds in the Jalt duties and for giving relief for salt used in the curing of almost and cod fish* tn the year one thousand even hundred and nineteen exported from shot part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the infur once companies to plead the general sue in actions brought against them; and sir securing the lamp duties upon policies of insurance: and in case the said goods or commodities, refpcdively mentioned or specified in such permits lhali be removed from and out of the respective (locks of the person or persons taking out such permit, within t{te time ex

In case of unavoidable delay in delivering such goods, the lame not to be fbi feited.

IF any officer shall find any increase in the flock of any dealer In spirituous liquors, coffee, tea, C since tut uji furvty

fochincreafe shall be forfeited t

and also tol,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C 55. [1781;

pressed and limited therein, and the same shall not, within the time limited and expressed in such permit, be actually delivered and received into the flock of the person or persons to whom the same are mentioned in such permit to be sent, then, and in every such case, all such goods and commodities so removed and sent away as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be goods or commodities removed or removing without permit.

XXVIII Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That, in case the said exciseable goods or commodities shall, by any unavoidable accident or neeeflity, be delayed, and thereby be prevented from being delivered into the flock or flocks of the persons to whom such goods shall be sent Within the time limited and expressed in such permit, that then in every such case, the court or jurisdiction, where any information shall be brought for the condemnation of any such feteure, shall, upon proof of such unavoidable accident or neeeflity, direct the goods or commodities so seized to be restored to the owner orclaimer thereof; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX And zobercas persons dealing in or filing of spiritum liquorsbritilh or foreign sweets coffee tea, chocolate or coconuts or some or one of them and who ate respectively under the survey of the officer of excise for inland duties, do frequently bring9goods and commodities, changeable with excise dr inland duties, into their re fpeflive warehouses bops cellars vaults and other places by them made use of for keeping the same without having given notice thereof to the proper officer under whose survey such persons respectively then are and without producing to such o fficer* or having with him the authentic permit or certificate that accompanied the said goods or commodities and, irt order to prevent the officers of excise from seizing the the same do fraudulently mix or mingle the said goods or commodities in and with other goods and commodities then in flock in such wareboufe* hop, cellar vault, or other place; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or officers of excise shall discover and find any increase in the flock or flocks of any dealer in or seller of any of the said commodities, over and above the quantity of each refpeeflive sort or denomination which the officer found in such dealer's or teller's custody at the time of the Jaft preceding survey upon such dealer or seller, such increase, whether mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by a commodity for which no duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in oy such dealer or seller without permit or certificate; and so much of the said respective flock or flocks as shall be found increased shall be forfeited and lost, and a quantity equal to the increased quantity shall and may be seized and taken, by the officer or officers of excise who shall discover the same, from and out of any part of the said flock or flocks then in the poflefiion of the person or persons where the same shall be found; and the person or persons in whose flock such increase shall be discovered and found, shall alfojofe and forfeit the sum of twenty pounds,

II Anno vicesimo primo Georgii ITI. 0, 55.'337:

XXX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au British spirits thority aforesaid, That if any such increase so discovered is in a certain aforesaid, shall be found in the (lock or docks of any dealer or £***» nr seller of British made spirituous liquoff^ the same shall not be

forfeited, if the owner thereof shall make it appear that such in create was made by mixing water with and amongst same of his said dock of British made spirituous liquors, in the presence of the officer of exoife of the division or place where such increase shall be found anything in this asl before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI And whereas by an act passed in the fecotid year of bit Recital of present Majesty's rtigny intituled, An act for more effectually*Ge s preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors for home consumption, by laying additional duties upon spirits made in Greet

Britain, or imported into the same; and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and forfecuring the payment of the duties upon spirituous liquors; it ms, amongst other things, enabled, That to prevent distiliers, who made spirits for exportation, from fraudulently removing wash, low,

wines, or spirits, the officers of excise Should from time to time make a charge from the apparent decrease of the wash of any such difliller or difiliers, except such decrease did really and truly arise from accident: end whereas the officers of excise are prevented from making true charges upon decreases in the wash of such difliliers, for want of same certain rule for ascertaining the true proportion of spirits that ought to be produced from a certain quantity of wash: now, for the better enabling such officers to make true charges on the apparent de creafcs of wash discovered at the ftillhouse or ftillhouses of every difliller or distillers making spirits for exportation, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, every difliller and distillers who, at any time between the first day of Distillers of Ofliber and the first day of June, in each year, shall make ordiftil spirits for ex'spirits for exportation, shall, for every six gallons of wash, with l^ucctotbe in the time aforesaid found in his custody, produce to the sight officer a quan^ of the officer or officers of excise at least one gallon of spirits: of pints and that every difliller and distillers who, at any time between proportion the first day of June and the first day of October, in each year,

shall make or distill spirits for exportation, shall, for every (even custody, gallons of wash, within the time last aforesaid found in his custody % to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at lead one gallon of spirits; such spirits to be in each case of the strength of one to six under hydrometer proof: and that in every case where the produce of the spirits, extracted by any such difliller or distillers within those refp&live times, shall fall (hortor they (halt of the proportions before mentioned, every such difliller and be charged for distillers shall be, and he and they is and are hereby chargeable with, and shall pay duty for every gallon of such wash, which ** within the respective times aforesaid, shall be missing, over and above the said six gallons and seven gallons respectively, at the same

lowed for waste in rectifying or compounding spirits for exportation

33* rawo ripofimo pfitpp geo$gii 111. C $5.

rate as the duty is chargeable and payable upon the decrease of waft) di(covered at the ftiu fioufes or distillers who di^il low wines snd spirits for home conffimprion $ and the officers of e*cife are hereby reared, ip (ppji ?afe$, to make the pre charges as well for djte low wines as also For tbelpi rit, upon every gallop of wadi respectively so missing as afpip* said, in likq mariner as distillers working for home conffimpti ooare noyy charged ppon d^creafes of wall; wjiich said duties. pn the frid low wipes and spirits, so to be charged as afprekid, shall be paid by every such distiller or diallers at the respectiye*times, and in the same manner, and under the like rules, regulations,

penalties, and forfeitures, as the duties charged on distiller who diltil for home confumptipn are now made payable; anything in the bid before recited act to she contrary naiwitn standing.

Six gallons per XXXII And be i further en^fted by the authority afone tonne to be al said. That, from and after the said twentieth day of July, one thopftnd seven hundred and eighty one, when any distiller or distillers of spirits for exportation shall take out any quantity of spirits from the wiwehouse or warehouses wherein the same were locked up, iivorder to have rhofe spirits rectified or compounded, before the are exported, as by the said before recited act is permitted, fuah distiller or diftiljers shall, in consideration of waste, be allowed six gallons in every tonne of such spirits foto be rectified or compounded, and so pfter that rate for a greater or leffir quantity; Which allowance of six gallons ineypry tonne of spirits Jo. rectified or compounded, is in full compensation for all waste, lost, pr damage whatever, (except in cases of unavoidable accidents, which shall be proved xo the Oatisfaftion of the commissioners of All dccrcafe excise 5) and if any decrease shall at any time appear in the quaft tvab^vet^g^p***ts ta^en out hy any such distiller or distillers to be proportion to or compounded, except such as .can or may, be account

fee charged ed for by the allowance aforesaid, every such distiller and diftiu with double $rs shall be charged, and the officers of excise are hereby requir duty ed to charge him, her, or them, for all the spirits so found

to be decreased, and not properly accounted for, with dqqhle the duties such spirits would have been charged with if the bate bad been made for home consumption; said charge of double duty, foto be made as aforesaid, (hail be made up by the proper officer at the end of every three months, and the duty so charged shall he paid by every such distiller and distiliers, within three weeks after the expiration of such three months respectively; .which said double duty shall be sued for, recovered, and levied, in such manner as the duties upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are by an act made, in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An al far taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, end by knights servicey and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon Ins Majesty in lieu thereof, ) or by any other law now in force, relating, to the revenue of excise on beer, ale, or other liquors, art^drafted to be recovered and levied.

XXXIV And

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 55- 339

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore After July so.

hid, - That, from and after the said twentieth day of July, one *7**, n 0"* thousand seven hundred and eight one, spiritsmadc for exportation rit mad? for shall not, in afty case whatever, be delivered out of the ware deh

house, or warehouses wherein the same shall have been lodged vered out of andsecured, to be used for home consumption; any law, fta the ware tute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. house foe

XXXIV And whereas, notwithstanding the many laws that have

frm time to time been made for feturing the duties low wines and After Aug. 1. spirits, and for preventing the private diflillati - 1781, every id persons do privately distill large quantities of law wines and, person who

anddofecretly dispose of the same to r({lifters, and to other

to the great injury of toe revenue, and of the fair trader now, for U

the more effectually putting a flop to such fraudulent practises, & deemed a be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after common dii the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty jr cone, every person who shall make or distill any low wines or fpi sits, whether for Tale or not for sale, shall be deemed and taken, 'and is hereby declared to be a common distiller for sale, and is hereby required to enter his, her, and their (till and (tills, and all other vessels and utensils by him, her, or them, made use of for the making or keeping of wah, low wines, or spirits, at the office of excise next to the place where any such persons shall and pay duty then inhabit; and shall be liable to be charged with, and shall pay, ** such forall low wines and spirits by them made, the several rates and duties of excite charged by the several acts for laying duties upon low wines and spirits, and shall be subject to the survey of the officers of excise, and to the several penalties, fines, and forfeitures, imposed by any act or acts of parliament now in force in anywise relating to distillers.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All persons, That, from and after the said first day of, one thousand after Aug. 1, seven hundred and eighty one, every person making or keeping, 7s, »

any wah prepared or fit for distilling of low wines and spirits, fo/dsiuing and having in his, her, or their custody, any (kill or (kills, shall of low wines, be deemed and taken to be, and is hereby declared to be, a com tec. or any mon distiller for sale, and liable to the several duties of excise n tbj "* upon low wines and spirits, and to the several penalties, fines, jjjl deemed and forfeitures, imposed by any act or acts of parliament now in common dif force in any wise relating to distillers'. tillers.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afore Noperson, said. That no person, after the said first day of, one thou after Aug. r, (and seven hundred and eighty one, shall make use of any vessel, 17***^? P wall batch, or other utensil, nor any room or place for the

making, brewing, or keeping of wall made from melasses, fu making wadi gar, corn, or grain respectively, or from any of the said mate for low wines, rials mixed together, or from any of them mixed with any other e. w "hot material or ingredient whatsoever, for the distillation of low fj^he next wines and spirits, without first giving notice thereof at the next office, office within the limits of which he or they do inhabit, upon pain to forfeit for every vessel, wall batch, or other utensil,

V ql. XXXIII A a room.

340

on penalty of 501.

If Any dlftit ler, br dealer

Anno viceltrno primo cjeorgii till. C 55. ['1781-

room, or place, so made use of without notice as afbfesaid, (tie sum of fifty pounds,

XXXV rl. And whereas the penalties already provided againjifbf ... receiving or buying of British made spiritugus liqudrs frorri ihefpef liquort^h* Jprivately dtftil those liquors % have, by experience, been filing buy brveeeire inejjeilualy and nqt.mfficient to restrain or prevent such fraudulent anybrftifti praftices9 in regard that the duties defrauded often do amount to more spirits from than the penalty that ean be incurred, whereby evil minded persons hannertle1*01 hove been rather encouraged than deterredfrom suchprafiices, to the words'distill gf * diminution of the revenue upon British made spirituous liquors, er, ke&ftier, and to the great aifeouragement and loss of the fair trader: for rec.

painted, ......................." w a

agreeable to 19 Geo. 3, cap. 50,

(except at public fates of condemned fpirio)

tneiy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fald first day of Augufly one thousand (spv$n hundred and «»ght*one^ if any person vyho shall either make, distill, redfify, or compound, any British made spirituous liquors for sale, or who shall sell or deal in any sort of spirituous liquors, shall receive or buy, or procure or employ any er? sin to receive or buy for him, her, or, them, or forftvs, her, or their use, any British^spirituous liquors (except at the public Tales of such British made fpirkuqus liqupfs as have jb#n condemned, and are sold under the direction of the com tnifiioners of excise)) any person or persons other than a marker, distiller, redlifier, or compouhder of spirituous liquor, 'jr Tale, over the outward door of whose ftillhouse, ftorehome, w^re house, (hop, celiar, vault, or other place, liy him, her, or them respectively made use of for the making or keeping of Britflb made spirituous liquors, shall be painted the words Difliller, Hec pfiefy or Compounder of Spirituous Liquors, (as ihe case thall fie) as by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of kispre fettt Majesty, (entitled, An act for more ejfcftually preventing frauds by private distillers9 and for the better securing the duties on hvq wines and spiritsfj is directed and prescribed; everytpch be shall forfeit, person so offending shall forfeit and iofe, for every such offence, 500i. the sunn of five hundred pounds.

fiovifo. XXXVIII Provided always, That such offender, who shall

be prosecuted for the said penalty of five hundred pounds by this. act given, shall not be again, prosecuted for the same offence fiy any former al; and that such offender, who shall be prosecuted for the penalty given by any former act, shall not be prosecuted again for the same offence by virtue of thispresent act, *or anything herein contained, ir u cat r XXXIX And for the more <_ any fucbsi. ** further enacted by the authority; ritnous LI fi ri persons who shall have delivered or loid any. quors shall, ipiritoous liquors to any such distiller, reifier, or^cqropounder before any in. xti Britishy made spirituous liquors, or to any fuih dealer in lpt been lodged r*tuous liquors, contrary to the true inteqt and meaning of the again him, sold before recited act of the nineteenth year of hiss present tty inform again jessy, shall, before any information hasbeenr lodged agaifift Mmo, h, .b^cr*.rc Tier, or them, for such offence, discover and inform ggainfttbe person or persons who received or bought, or 'who. procured

dull himself be indemnified

iyfli.j Anno jtfcefitno prlrao Georgii III C 55.' 341

dor employe any .other to receiye or buy for him, her, or them, such British made spirituous liquors as aforesaid, every such petfon, io d Hoovering and informing, shall thereupon be iifcbargedand indemnified from all penalties to which, at the time of such information .given, he might be liable, for pr by season of such his own offence.

XL Jbd whereas, byan ab made in the Jaft session of parliament, Recital of *0

entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties Geo< 3» ?*£ upon malt, and upon low wines and spirits made for home cqn is', fumption, and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the .produce of the said several duties; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons trading in, vending, or selling of, coffee, tea, or chocolate, ) certain ql itmaces were direbedto be made and paid to brewers

makers of beer and alt far fate, in manner as in and by the aid it

particularly mentioned and preftribed: and whereas the payment of tbtfe allowances, at the times and in the manner therein dlrt&ed, bane been found very inconvenient and burdensome, and the entitled to such allowances are thereby greatly delayed in receiving the same; sir remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority afore jiud, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand part of the iforen hundred and. eighty one, the several rules and directions said act rein the said act.prescribed for payment of the said allowances, (hpll pea*ed« cease, and.be no longer observed; anything in the said act npt arithstanding.

XLI And it is hereby, further enacted by the authority afore When the allaid, That, from and after, the said fifth day of July, one thou lowance on send seven hundred and eighty one, the several respectiveallow Serorale " ances upon each barrel of beer or ale brewed by the common brewed by the brewer or maker of beer or ale for sale in Great, by the common

laid aft given and made, shall, from time to time, be fet off or brewer, <h»jl .allowed out of the moneys payable by every such common n, a C brewer or maker for the duties charged on the beer or ale by them wfpe&ively brewed; proof being first made by oath, or by affirmation, if the party be a known quaker, that the beer, or ale, for which any such allowance shall be claimed, was brewed Cnee the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

eighty, (which oath or affirmation the collector, or other person appointed to receive the said duties, is hereby required and im powered to administer)) such allowances shall be made at the time when, such duties are by him or them respectively paid; which said allowance, io to be made and fet off as aforesaid, the respective couuniffiotaers of exdfe are hereby authorised. to mhke, and allow accordingly

LII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by The money authority aforesaid, That whatever sum or sums of money showed to duff he fa allowed pr let off as aforesaid any such brewer, or brewertww* maker of beer or ale for sale, shall.he. replaced to the duties on to bereplactd* beef or ale out of the first moneys that shall arise and be received born and opoa account. of the additional, duties on malt, by V A a 2 the

34*

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. 0^55. [1781.

the said act Imposed, In preference to all Other payments whatever.

This act not XLIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to abridge the nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to powers of the extend, to take away or lessen any of the powers or authorities excise officers. heretofore given to the officers of excise, and for the inland duties, by any law or laws now in force relating to the said duties. All the XLIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

powers, C That all and every the powers and authorities, directions, rules, formerafts methods, 'penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, rtuxingtothe m and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign

revenue of of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for taking awcj excise upon the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights beer, and o fonnee^ and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majtfy fluh beappli n ^ieu thereof, ) or by any other law now in force relating to his ed in execut majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are log this act. provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other pentl ties or provisions are prescribed by this act, ) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaihing, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

"Penalty on af XLV And be it further enacted by the authority aforeto!, faulting offi: That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, op cers m execut* pose, tnolefl, or hinder, any officer or officers of excise in the due ing t us a. execution of the powers or authorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this act, every person or persons so doing shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum offifiy pounds.

Penalties and XL VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, forfeitures thatallfir.es, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, covered an be seed for, recovered, or mitigated by such ways, .means, applied. and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be seed for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of cxcit, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotlkndj respectively; and that one moiety of cveiy such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successbrs, and the other moiety to him or them ho....

*.... discover, informyor see for the same.

judgements of XLVII And be it further declared arid enacted by the axe

oommiieaners thority aforesaid. That all judgements of the commissionm^

'cxcifej

1781.] Anno viceflrho primo gboroii III C 55, 343

excise, or justices of the peace within their respective jurifididi df excise, or ons for the condemnation of any commodities, goods, or ef justices of fefts* feiztd as, forfeited under this or any other act or acts of pace in con parliament relating to the duties of excise, or other duties under ^dsable1 °* the management of the commissioners of excjfe, shall be, and goods, shall be shall be deemed and taken to be, a final nd conelusive, to all as final as any intents and purposes whatsoever, as any judgement for the con such judge demnation of any commodities, goods, or effects given in his nj., n the majesty's court o exchequer.. Exchequer.

XLVIII Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and judgements of declared, That such judgements of the commissioners of ex commission ciie, ?nd justices, the peace respectively, shall be subject and liable to appeal in all cases in which any appeal is by any ad or cer*mn cases, acts of parliament given or allowed; anything herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIX And it is hereby further enabled by the authority Limitation of aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall, at any time or action. times, be sued or prosecuted for any at or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties of excise, or inland duties, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space.of three months next after the ad or thing done, and which (hdll be sued in the proper county; and such Persons feed person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give jjj. this act and the special matter in evidence for his or their de other tft^e fence; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant taring to ex or defendants, or the plantiff or plantiffs, in such action or suit, cife duties,

shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judge mentftull b.c.. given against him or them on demurrer or o en€ra ue tberwife, then such defendant or defendants shall, have treble and recover costs to him or them awarded against such such plantiff or treble costs pbintiffs...

L And whereas by an act, made in this present session of parlia Clatufe for nent, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additio ^dbfymga nalduty upon the produce of the several duties under the roa . ^/ofthe nagementof the respective commissioners of the excise in Great present'session. Britain)) was, among ft other things, provided, That nothing in the *

aid eft contained Should extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the additional duty thereby granted the produce or amount of the duties upon fondles made in Great Britain: and whereat by one other act, made in the nineteenth year of his said present Majesty s reign,

(entitled, An act for granting tq his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the Several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain, ) it was, among ft other things, provided, That nothing in the said a8 contained Should extend, or be conjbrued to extend, to charge with the additional duty thereby granted the produce or amount of the duties payable for tallow candles rand whereas it was the meaning and intention of the said before recited a made in this present fef fan of parliament, that the exemption of the additional duty of five sounds. pet Centum Should extend only to tallow: tandlgs made in

A a 3 Great

344

anno vicesimo ptifrio Georgii III C 5 [178*^

Great Britain, in like manner as the exemption by the Nineteenth year of his prtfent reign toes promdtddndnkb,

and the word Tallow teat, through rnfiake, omitted to in the /didprovtfo: now, for corroding and amending the frit) mi (fake, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That by the word Candles in the said act, made in this present session of parliament, was meant Tallow candies only; and that from and after the passing of this present a6ty the produce and amount of the duties on all candles made hi Grkat Britain, (except tallow candied, ) flnlf be liabld tdj add shaft be charged with, the Bid additional duty of fire pounds per Centum, imposed by the said act of this present session Of pat (lament; anything in the said act to though contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI

Act act for granting to his an additional duty upoti

nacksprinted on one side of any one [beet or piete if papet dfti for allowing a certain annual out of the fold duly to each if the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the mmf heretofore paid to the said uriiverfities, by the, company of Of the city of London, for the privilege of printing alinmatis.

Preamble; "1x7 H E R E A S almanacs, printed on one side only Y V [beet or pieee of paper, are not to the same ditties as on

impofedon Other printed almanacs, by rtafote whereof grout have been practised, to the injury of the fair tracted, and the of his Mayefly's revenue; therefore we, your Majesty's dutiful loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ojemblti, do mofi humbly btfieth your Majesty that it may be add be

it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament aflemsoled, and by the So From the paf thority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this fifi bis aft, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout tlonalduty te*"ng^om f Great Britaunto and for the use of his ma ofsd.ro be jesty. h's heirs and successors, for every stlmahdcfc or calendar,

Said for every for one particular year, or for any time less than a year, printed icet alma on one side only of any one ftieet or piece' of paper, over and ?n Great"1* a^k)ve the duties now charged thereon, an additional duty tsf Britain. twopence; and for every almanac or calendar so printed, and made to serve for several years, the said additional duty fsr every such year.

New duty to II And be it further enacted by the authority aforefrid, be under the That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, ttri management paying the said additional duty lit tein before gt anted, the (ant missionersvor e under the government, care, and management, of the ftamns. commissioners for the time being appbintfcd to manage the da tics charged on stamped Vellum, parchment, arid paper, tabu, or the major part of them, are hereby required Und impodend O' -. to |

1^81.j, Aijpo viccfioio prim) geo^qii III c.56. 34$,

tq.$ppjojrthe, necefiarvofficers v»n<ier itpm, .fgr that purpose; and to cause such new stamps to be prqvjded, W denote toe fai ditty as ihsu be reqnifite in that behalf; 'apd to do all otlfer things, naeeffary. to be done for putting tills aft in execution, witfv relation, g fajd dutyheyein beforegrajited, in the like, and in. W full find ample manner as they, or the major part ojt 'tew* are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aptho commifiwn rityi sforesaid. That, to prevent the multiplication ofdemps or «! ny pro *wm&iw?9nfbeet or piece of paper, upon which alma ie 0tlc northeast? nacks aye to be printed, and upon which several duties aye by, thermal several acts of parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful, dutfei;

for the said comroilfioriers, inhead of the dihinft damps 91; marks directed to be provided to denote the several duties on hick (Sheet or piece of ferper, upon which almanacs are to be printed, to ca, use one northwest damp qr. mark to be provided, to denote 'the said federal duties,

IV And be it further enacted by the authority, foresaid, and may alter That fjuch damp r mark, as the said coouniflipnecs arc hereby "*« "* directed and authorised to provide and use, (hali and mayfeeal

tered and renewed .in, fuph. manner 9s any othey flumps or ktswks on vellum, parchment, or paper, aye, by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, ^dirfi4*4 to he altered and renewed.

V And it is hereby, further ensued, by the aitfhflrity sfpp% All

sans. That every alfnapaek pr calendar fhpll be printed ip fuftito be primed, manner, that fctme part of such printing shall be upon the dpuap 1, 1 fut, jtn, a "Z qt mark which shall, in purfuarjee of this act, be impyefled up of the^nnt oa the paper whereon the Came shall be printed; and if any >ng (hail be peyfcm qr persans shall, from and after the gassing of this act, on the ttamp. print, or cause to be printed, any alipao^ck or calendar otherwise than as aforesaid, or shall fell, or expose to sale, any Cuph aimapack, before the paper whereupon fuph almanac lbpu he printed shall have been duly marked, and uppn which the dgfpp or mark herein before directed to be impressed, at the rhyme of such sale, shall be plain and visible, that tlven every person fa of Penalty, sending (hail, for every offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, ;

to he levied and applied as U directed by the several featpp laws now in force.

VI And whereas great frauds are by perfms effiwg Penalty on

the damps on alwsnqch, which they pretend have been cist selling alma

such almanacs, for the gre4t.tr convenience of framings piaffing tpe nackswith the same; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority tbetemother aforesaid, That if any almanac or calendar shall be sold, or e wise than wa posed to sale, with the (lamp affixed thereto in any other man done at.the

- ncr than as the same shall have been impressed upon the paper ft»f te at the damp office, that then every such almanac or calendar ihali be deemed an undamped almanac, and the person or pef fons selling, or exposing the same tq sale, fttfll he fabjsft and

A a 4. liable

Perpetuil almanacs not to be charged w ith more than three years duty.

AH provisions, penalties, See. prescribed or inflicted by former ah relating to stamp duties, shall be in force in execution of this act.

Penalty on persons counterfeiting any stamp, or selling any almanac, Sec. marked with a coan teifeit damp.

Preamble.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 56. [1781.

liable to the same penalty a they had if sold, or exposed tofrf^ an undamped almanac.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority

aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to charge any calendar or perpetual almanac, or any other calendar or almanac, with more than the duty that would be payable by this act, in case such almanac tray made for three years only. J

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That alljpowers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeit tures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all othermiff j ters and things, prescribed, inflicted, or appointed, by any farmer actor acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, and not hereby altered shall be in full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said rates and duties according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several ly and respectively been herein enacted with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person, from and after the passing of this act, shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark to resemble any damp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty his heirs and successors, of the said duty hereby granted; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any paper or almanac, with such counterfeit stamp or mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently use any stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament relating to the stamp duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the said duty; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X And whereas the power oj granting a liberty to print almanacks^ and other books, was heretofore supposed to be an inherent right in the crown: and whereas the crown bath, by different charters, under the great seat, granted to the univerjities of Oxford and Cambridge, among other things, the privilege ofprtnting almanacs: and whereas the univerjities did demise to the company of Jlationers of the city of London, their privileges of printing and vending dlmanacu and calendars, and have received an annual Jam of one thousand pounds and upwards, as a confederation for such privilege: and whereas the money so received by them has been laid out and expended in promoting different branches of literature andscience, to the great incr 'cajt of religion and learning, and the general benefit and advantage cf theft realms; and whereas the privilege or right of printing ohni*

. noth

1781.] Art no vicesimo primo Georgii III C 56. 3+7

nocks has been, by a late decifittn at law, found to have been a com..

righty over which the crown had no control, and confequenity thb.

umve/ftties no power to demift the same to any particular person or body of meti% whereby the payments Jo made to them by the company of fiationers have ceased and been discontinued y be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty out of the fourth day of Juney bne thoufabd seven hundred ahd ^ighty duties granted one, there (half be ifilied, paid, and applied, ill every year, out by of the moneys which shall arise by the duty herein before gfcmt a

CD the sums of money following, to the two univerfiries of fc year to the ford and Cambridge; that is to say, the sum of five hundred' university of pounds to the university of Oxford, and the sum of five hundred' and :

pounds to the university of Cambridge; which said several and Cambridge t respective sums of money shall be, and are hereby charged upon tq^the duty herein before granted, and shall be paid thereout year half yearly, at Jy and every year, at the two usual feasts; that is to say, the Midsummer raft of the nativity of Saint John the baptist, and the birth of and chrilt our Lord Chrifi; the first payment to be made, on the feast of ma, the birth of our Lord Cbriji after the passing this act, by the receiver-general of his Majesty'$ lamp duties, free and clear of all fees, dues, duties, taxes, and deduftioris whatsoever, unto the chancellors, matters, and fchobrs, of the said univerfiries of Oxford and Cambridge, and to be received by the hands of the vice-chancellor of each university respectively, or by some person or persons duly authorised by each respective vice-chancellor, under his hand, to receive the same, to and for the foie ufeand benefit of each of the said univerfiries j and the receipt*of the vice-chancellor of each university, or of the person or*persons duly authorised, as aforesaid, by him to receive the same, shall be a sufficient receipt to the said receiver-general of the lamp duties, and shall be allowed by the auditor and auditors of the impressed, and all other persons Concerned in passing his accounts, as a full and sufficient discharge for the making such payments out of the aforesaid duty. ,

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duty to be That the said duty herein before granted shall be paid from paid to the time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time neralvoftfe' being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; stamp duties: who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the said duty, and pay the same (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and and by him accounting for the same, and also the sum of one thousand paid into the pounds, herein before directed to be paid to the two univerfiries CXC c*ucr» of Oxford and Cambridge, being first thereout deducted)) the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stamped velluta, parchment, or paper, are .directed to be paid: and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt'as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever j and the. find money, fa paid into

the

34#

and carried to the sinking fund.

Persont fucd in execution of this act, may plead the gen aril! djue,

Ango vtcefimapdm^g^owsii IH« C $7.pjftt, the said reaeipt of thf ex^hapier^shall he cwifi to gjnl infot*. part of the fund con^maol_y called ^

XXL And it is hereby, enacted by the authjftfity, wrr laid. That if any penibnor perfoos shall at any tine, or sued or proliscufod for anything, by bin or weth. dqjbf t^r ojfe* cuted in. puduance of thfs .acsv, or of any matter of thip" »«** "at .contafuedj'tnch per Ion or perlpns shall surd may general iijoe, and give the Special matter in'eyidtnc* tpefeis qc

and rkover treble coiu.

ur Afiyi gift ruw apwvmar tunuvi in' vy***^*#^ vk

their defence; and if upon the trial a vendist shall pads (pr Ue. defendant or defendants, 9c the plaintiff of plaintiffs. qtyq'.hf

come npnlhited, then such defendant or defendants (half bsg, treble calls to him or them awarded againff fiipd plmtuiffoc plaintiffs.

CAP, lvif.

An act granting to his Majelji a certain Um of monex votjotdr sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mei^kteqi'for the far rice of the year one thou rand seven hundred and eighty' for ftrtbes appcopri*lfo»g tbelbppkee granted II thufoflmw %

mm,

prehmbte.

Towards raiihig the f^ppiy. 1*741, yin. n. d fid out of the inking fond, for this ftpiifca^f the caroepft year.

b issued by tl>e treasury accordingly. Tstafury impqwered tcm sum of i»74*>9i*/ xs*id. or any part thereof, by loan or C bills, on the credit of the (inking fond, ATI perfpn? who flrah lei money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of Hoop, with for repayment of the money, wkb intaoeft. Orders to be regiftovot m courfev ( Noundue preference to be given in pavopent* No fee tfi^,

with coils and incapable ot hts office. Auditor, See. neglecting Umsw^ fcable to aftioft for damages, and coia, to be recovered at No undue preference in the rendering, where order ase b«9mg^stt|pft%ai day) nor it febfequent orders are .paid befqvc others not brought iiacpnfo so as money be re/erved for the preceding orders. Power '1* tflismm\ by endorsement to be entered by the auditor without fee and fb twsap qa ties. If it shall be judged more adviseabfo, the trsafaey may nab tfoid sum by exchequer bills uritead of loans) and the fcnifo ha fqch Caiqjp bt made in the manner prescribed by the land tax aft Ql this M

advantages and penalties in the land tax act of this session, rtladhe to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, estmoie this act. The fsid exchequer bills, intered, and charges are to foreni

out of the (inking fond. eankautborhcd to food *0 im*|snl»

of 1, 74ai&i%l u id. notwithstanding an act of 5 and gul <

The sum of 188, 346 /. 19/. d. surplus of the sinking fund, on Jaa. gtsylt; 757, 087 /. 17 /. 10 a. of the said surplus on April 5, 1781313*70*/. itx ioi.

ay. remaining in the exchequer, on April 5, 1781, of the ti 4x3, 000/., remaining of the dpties on wines, granted in Qco, i jg^rif remaining of the dories on glafis, granted m 19 Goo, *.

g, remaining in the exchequer, ftibjeft to the difpogripn ofpf**

400, 000 /. out of the balances remaining in the hands of eart" presentative of George Grenville deceased, William lord juchard lord Howe, and of sir Gilbert Elliot fopresentatite 1 Elliot deceased, late treasurer of the navy. Sec. John. Powell 1 ing executor of Henry lord Holland deceased, Caroline lady representative of Charles Townlhend deceased 5 of Frederick and of Georre John Cooke, and Charles Molloy reprcfrntatsw* Cookdecpaied \ and of aba bonoonkle Tkomot Xownfocnd^ nritlifof, Georp

i ?#>.}: Anno vlmfimopnrtiiogsmtoiii ibv e. 57.

Cooke decehfed; late paymafiets g/theral of the forces Ac 18, 7*3/. j zia reaming in the hands of sir William Howe; kite commander, in chief ito Amcno*. i, jerfl 14/. in the hands of the executors of Zachary. Phifip Foonereau efqune, Ac. tracer for furnifoing Gibraltar vfifh. pfovisions from May ra 17*7. t6 Jan. 17* 1779* m48/. */. 0^ 1 y., in.

the hand of Thonha* Ramify efooire; executor of John Ricbtadfon jef.. agent to oot pdnfaner* of chcuh* Hospital from Deo.*&1 to June 24#1774. 77s/. 8j. 6d, 17. in the hands of sir William fitfkan*as r qdarterwbhmer general of the sordes fronfc Doc. aj* 1778. to June 30, 1779« and ceruln moneys to he paid ioto the exchequer by the Baste India 00m-*pany; m diftfaarge of the daxme of the public so the net profit at homo before May 1, tyis* atd alio the duties on Gum Senegas and Gum Ara, fiwvaf April 5* to April 5, xytv shall.be applied toward making gaud the alpply*. A fnm not exceeding 51*7471. *?; > 6*/« out of the. firings Of the fume granted for augmenting thi forooe4 aemmn

fog ef ifvy mbriey, lee. for 17791 and 14, 379/* 8v. k <htt of the facings of grants for the pay of infantry | shah be afppliedtnwards defraying r the extraordinary expenses of the find foroes, Ac. from Jan 31, 1780#. to Feb. f, 1781. 'fhe moneys arifirtg by the land tax, malt (axe, lottery aft, Ihint* v(*500, 000/: ) farther loans (1, 900, 600/.) Bank agreement, fs^ooaooo/i) rote of credit (1, 000, 060/.) *88*346 /* 19/. d. remaining. in the cxchtqutr on Jan. 5* 1787, of the furplaffa erf the sinking fund; '797^087/1171# tod. remain mg on April 5, 178!, of the said furplofies# 23*768/; ws. iod. q remaining of the two fetenths excite; 40*000/. tt mfcifting of thi duties on ekiet* granted in 18 Geo. a. cfiyeoa/* remaining of tbt duties Oh glass, granted in 19 Gtto. *, 16, 879#' '8^* 27. re

omtnmtg April 5, 1781* Ac. 400, 000 remaining in the bends of the late. tieafurdfa of the «*ty> Ac and late pdyixaftcrs general of the foroes, Ac 18*7x14 13/. ti. iosm hands of thecbrnmafidcr in Chief in nerthainerica* 1*357* 14* in the hands of the dontra&or for provtfienl forqibrakar. 8*848/* ijl 17. m the bands of the agent to out pensioners of Chelsea Hofei tab m 77s/. st.6d. q. remaining in the bands of the quarter matter gemfolof the forces 5 alfe certain nfenies to be paid Into the exchequer by the last Indih company; fucfi morvica as shall be paid into the exehe. qocr between April 5, iy8i, arid April, 5, 178s, ot the produce cff the odfiscdo Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; and 1, 743, 91a/. si. a if by this act'granted on of the surplusses of the sinking fond; together With the amity arising froht the sale of French prices taken before the dedaratfon of tar; and also faeh foms of mdnfey as his Majesty shall dir to be ap piim to the public ftrvice, which shall ariie out of the sale of the ceded dfoadein the West Indies shall be applied to the tries following: 5, 736*277/1 ytk. towards nasal (ervices; 3**0036006 towards payihgoff the navy debt; 58718*4/. XII9d. for the chtfgw of the offioe of ordmanee* for 1781; 4977*8*4 4/. dt for dittos not provided for in 1780 \ m^utoqt y r. 4d. for ditta^ler 1781, exdufive of the former eflivnate9 7, 7*3, 911/. 4; . ud. to wfmemfonfailiing the land forcthi see. ef which 11*49, 774/. 8*. so^ the charifcsof 39*666 tfk&ilc men, incihcung officers, and 4, 113 inrafidi, for guards, garrisons, Ac. in Great Britain Ac.; 1, 488, 9^7/. for forces and garrisons in Africa, and the East Indies, Ac. 42, 917 /. 16 /. for general, and general staff officers in Great Britain; 56, 074/. 19/. 4 d. *4. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca; and for pitmfions for three of the said battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1781; 3671*03/. 9/. xoif. for 13, 472 troops of Hefie Caflel, Ac. 39, 597/. 1 /. 11 d. ul for two regiment9ofhanau, Ac. 17, 498 /. 3/. 2 d.^q. for a regiment of ffcldeck, Ac.; 93, 947/. 151. 8d for 4, 300 Brunfwickers, Ac. 39, 644/. 14/. j4. for 1, 447 troops of Brandebourg Anfpach; 16, 630/. 11/. yd. iq. for mfttnr, Ac. of Anhalt Zerst; 49, 373 /. 17 /. 1 d. for provisions for foreign troepsfenring in America; 6, 463/. 8/. d 3q. to make good a deficiency in the films voted for the troops of Hefie Caffe I, for 1780; 27, 683 /. 14/. for de tnfoi* the charge of artillery for foreign troops, for 1781; 671, 457 /. 15/. for d&aying the charge of the militia in South Britain, Ac. for 1781; 99, 679/. 13/. 4</. for the defraying the charge of clothing for militia in *8/11; 79/759 A for reduced officers of land forces Ac. for 1781; 596/. 4r.

*4

Anno vjcefih&o primo Georgii I If, ** 57. [1781.

d. to thetwotrooprof borfe guards reduced, Sec. 91, 60+1 7 s. 1 d to "the out pengoners of Cbtlfea hcrpital; 117, 608/. 6/, 8 d. for 80 independent companies of foot, See. 6, 010/. 3/. 9<£ for additional companies, dec. of militia in South Britain, tor 1781; 8, 451/. sd. to make good the deficiency of pay of the said additional companies, for 1780. 1, 107/. is, 4d. to make good a deficiency for paying lord John murray's regiment of iootj 31351, 589/. 131. 4^.1^. for extraordinaries of land foroes, Sec. from Jan. 41, 1780. to Feb. V 1781. i, 06o, 000/. for paying off the exchequer bills made out by virtue of the vote of credit of last session; 1, 500, 0*0/. for paying off other exchequer bills of last session 4 1, 900, 000/. for paving off further exchequer bills of last session; *2, 222/ to make good to. his

Majesty the like sum issued in pursuance of the addrftte* of the house of commons; 36, 207/. 41. yd. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerset House; 80, 000/. for relief of the Gifferers in last Oftobert in Barbados, and 40, 000/, for the relief of those in Jamaica; 5, 099/. sor. yd. foriiipport ing the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 1, 986/. for the civil establirlh roent of Georgia; 3, 950/. for the civil establiffiment of East Florida 3, 900/. for the civil establishment of West Florida; 3, 150/. for the civil efta blifhmeut of the iftand of St. John; 107/. for defraying expenses attending surveys in North America; 13, 000/. for maintaining forts on the coast of Africa; 4, 994/* r. 6d. on account of new roads, C in thp highlands of Scotland; 57, 910/. is, for relief of American civil officers, C 8, 000/. for affixing the Levant company; 20, 671 /. iud. for making compensation for certain lands. See. near Chatham; 13, 45*/. 17/. or making compensation for certain lands near Sheerness, See. 148/. 18/. for making compensation for certain lands, Sec. near Tilbury Fort; 15, 487/. 17/. paid to Duncan Carppbell, for maintaining convicts, Sec. 10, 000 L towards rebuilding Newgate; 25, 000/. toward repairing the king's Bench and Fleet prisons; 5, 200/. to certain sufferers in the late insurrections; 30, 999/. ns. d. to make good the deficiency of a fund to pay annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. a; 191, 664/. 7. d. to make good the deficiency. of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 18 Geo. 3; 193, 6631 oj. id. q. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3; 222, 745/. 4s. 6d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted in *0 Geo. 3, and 8, 551/. 8/. 8 d. 3 q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1780. The said aids to be applied only to the uftrs before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. None to receive half.pay, who was under 16 when regiment, Sec. was reduced, tor unleft he did duty in some regiment, Scc. and had no place of profit under government, nor any chaplain having a benefice, nor having sold his commission, has had no commission since, nor any perfcm by warrant except entitled as a reduced officer, nor to officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except those taken off half pay in Great Britain. By ian act 20 Geo. 3, a sum not exceeding 82, 905/. %$. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying said officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, See. in the late wan, or to officers' widows and children, as his Majesty shall direst.

cap.

1781j Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. C 58.*351

; CAP. lviii.

An act for rendering more effectual so much of an act, made in the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for appropriating a fund established by an act, made in the seventh year of the reigo of his present Majesty ""granting to "his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for establishing a fund for "the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and "flax, " as relates to the distributing and paying the proportion of the fund thereby appropriated for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that part of Great Britain called England, by applying a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annum, out of the said arrears and duties, to the purpojes aforesaid, for a time limited.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the seventh year of the reign Preamble of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for granting to R... his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for establishing a fund for the encou '3* raging of the raising and drefiing of hemp and flax), it is enacted. That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyseven, there Shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several additional rates and duties following; (that is to say).

For every ell of foreign linen, commonly called Packing Canvas,

Spruce Elbing, or Queenfborough Canvas, which Shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of one farthing:

And for every ell of foreign linen, commonly called Dutch Barras, and Heflin Canvas, which Shall be imported into Great Britain, the fluttfif one halfpenny; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such goods respectively, over and above all other duties imposed thereon by any former act or acts of parliament:

And that, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, all foreign lawns, imported into Great Britain, Shall be rated and entered as Silesia lawns, and Shall pay duty accordingly; and that, from end after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there Shall also be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for every yard of foreign lawn bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland whited Lawn, which Shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of one penny, and after that rate for any greater or less quantity, over and above all other duties impojed thereon by any former act or acts of parliament: And it is by the said act further enacted, That the money ariftng by the said several rates and duties Should from time to time be respectively paid into the receipt V his majesty*s exchequer, diflinftly and apart from all other branches of the public revenue; and that a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annum, arising from the said duties,

Shall be kept apart in the said receipt as a fund for the encouragement

35* Anno ticeimio prime Georgii III C 58/ X

of raising and dr effing hemp and fox in this kingdom, in such way and manner as parliament Jbeil thereafter dir eft \ and that the re mainder ef the foid several duties Jbculd he reserved in the foidje nipped for the fotyre ddfpofiuon .of parliament: gtnd whereas by another act, made in the tenth year of tty reign of his present Majesty, Recital of 10 (entitled, ana6t for appropriating a fund establiflfed by an a, Geo. C 40. |d?de in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty'

'An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into ibis kingdom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and drefjing of hemp and flax); it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majfty, his heirs and successors, firm time to time and at all times thereaftery by his or their royalfign manual for that pttrpose, and lounterfigtyd by the cemmiffiopers of his Majesty s, treofury for the time beings or any. three or more of them, or the high treasurer for she time being, to dire ft, order, limit, and appoint the gijlributiop and payment of the ': "sum of eight rtyujand pounds per annum, from the commencement of

the fdid act of the seventh of his present Ajajesty, and annually after''or of eight fifteenth parts rf the sum and fumsef enemy which haver already grown due, and been kept apart, and flxtu thereafter grow due, and be kept apart, for the encouragement of raising and dr effing hemp and flax in this kingdom, pursuant to the din ft ions of the foid act of the seventh of his present Majesty; and the remaining even fifteenths of the fold fund, appropriated for the encouragement of the raising and drefjing of hemp and flax in that part .Great Britain called Scotland, is put wider the management of, tty trustees and commijfmers for encouraging and promoting fijhings, nlami failures, and improvements, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas the eight fifteenth parts of the fond fund'allotted for (he encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England, hath not hitherto been paid or appl\edfor the purpofp for which the same was intended: And whereas there is now remaining in his Majesty s exchequer, the sum of forty-four thousand even hundred and nineteen pounds, nineteen killings, and five pence, reserved there for encouraging the raising and drcffmghcmp and flax in that part Great Britain called England, as the proportional part directed to be applied by the find act of the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, of the additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, which were granted by an act of ike seventh year of his Majesty's reign: And whereas,

. tf the foid aft oj the tenth year of his presentmajesty's reign, Jo far as rffoefts the di/lribution and payment of the fold arrears, anaf\he the fold eight fifteenth part; of the foid fund appropriated to that part of Greiat Britain tailed: England, was altered, and the application of the fold fund put under the management and direction of the commijfmers for trade andplantations, in the wanner hereafter Air stead, it would more fully answer the intention of thtugifiature in Pfjfing the foid a fts: May it therefore please your'majwy that it xnay be eqatfed; vand be it ena&edby the kings most excellent majesty, by .and with the advice and cortfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons; in this present parliament assembled.

y78 !] Anno Vicesimo primo Georgii 10. C 58/ 353

fcfribled, and by the authority of the same. That so much of Part of the re

foe said recited act, of the tenth year of hrs present majesty's ^

reign, .a respects the direction, ordering, limiting, and appoint cdc repca *

ktg, of the distribution and payment of the said Turn of eight

thousand pounds per annum, or of eight ftfteenth parrs of the

fufn and films of money which have already grown due, and

l>een kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due, and be kept apart,

for the encouragement of raising and dressing hemp and

flax in this kingdom by his majesty's royal (ign manual, pursuant

to the direrdtions or the said act of the tenth of hisjprefcnt

Majesty, '(hill be, and is hereby repealed.

71. And be it Wrtfher enacted .by fheabthofity That The dutribn-

the distribution and payment xtx the sum of tfight 'thousand tion f 8»9°o1* pounds pr annum, from the commencement df the fold aft ef he encou^ the seventhyear 6f his present Majesty, m.d.. 'smntuflly after ragcitientof 'wards, or of eight fifteenth parrs tiff the Turn and sums of m.d.. raising and

purfuarit to the Sireftions of the'find*act of the tenthyear of ofxhtcom* fhis prbferit Majesty, and ev&y matter and thfng for the appro priatioa thereof. According to the true ''intent'and meaning of;

the ai act of tneteyenth Of his majesty, shall'be, arid is here^,

put uhderthe management and direction of the cotnmlflidn ers for trade and plantations, with and under such conditions,

'teftfictions, and imitations, as herein after are expressed.

Itl. And be it.euafted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax in that j part of Great Britain called England, there shall be applied, di for raising 'ftributed, and paid, in bounties yearly, a him not 'exceeding hemp a^fifteen thousand pounds, to be charged upon, and paid but ot, in Epgl the aid arrears now in the receipt "Of*the exchequer, and out of the after produce of the said''duties i at the rate of threepence t^jcrp*fct vper' stone for every stone of hemp weighing fourteen pounds, and fourpence per stone for every (tone of flax weighing four sore. teen pounds, to be raised in that part of Great Britain called England in the year one thousand ftrven hundred and eighty-two, and in every fubfequerttyear during the space of five years, and which Shall be broken and properly prepared for market, to be paid to the grower, or other person who breaks and properly prepare such hemp and flax for market.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Howdwmi .grower, or person claiming, and who shall be entitled to the said ^fljaubeun* bounty, ftiahfign and exhibit his claim to one of thojdftice9 of exhibited. the, peace for the county, riding, or place, within which the and attested. henjpor flax' has been raised, mentioning infuchclaim of what crop the same is, and the farm or ground on which the hemp or. 'flax grew; and which claim (hill be' likewise attested by two of the. parish officers of the same parish with the claimant or grower, who shall certify that they believe the truth of the particulars contained in such claim; add 1^hich da*mi, wheii*so attdft ...........

ed.

Persons receiving any bounty are to give bond to the clerk of the peace C

Money reco wered how tb be applied. 1

Justices, at' their michael mat sessions, axe to adver tlfe tbe'bounties, C

Names arid places of abode of the claimants to be published, CI

**i i *

Justices to make up, yearly, a date of the claims' allowed by "them, and ta transmit tke.

t

Anno viodimo primageorgii III C 58. [1781.

ed, the said justice is hereby required to countersign, and transmit to the justices for the county, riding, or place, at their next general quarter sessions.

V And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall claim and receive any of the bounties hereinbefore grantea, shall, at or before the time when he shall receive the same, enter into a bond or security, (without (lamps), to the clerk of the peace for the time being, or his successors, of the said counties, ridings, or places respectively, with two sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said justices, at their quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, within which the Taid hemp or flax was grown, in the penal sum of treble the value of the bounty claimed and received, and of the hemp or flax for which he shall have claimed and received the same, with condition that such person is duly entitled to the said bounty, according to the true intent and meaning of this act: which bond shall and may be put in suit, under the orders and directions of the said justices at their quarter sessions, by the clerkof the peace for the time being again every such perforvof persons as the case shall require; and all sums of money so recovered'shall be put ipto the hand? of the treasurer of the respective counties, and be applied, in the iira place, towards defraying the charges and expenses of profecutiqg* the same, and the other charge? attending the execution of this act, and the remainder towards

f Jbb fund Ut of which the said bounties are tq be granted. *

VI And by .it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices in each county, at their quarter sessions'at

: Michaelmas next, and at every following Michaelmas quarter fe( fions, during the continuance of this act, shall, and they are hereby required to advertise and publi(h the several bounties by this a granted, witji the conditions necessary to be complied with before the same .can be received. '

VII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaidj That the said justices, at the said next quarter sessions, shall ptiblifti the names and places of abode of the persons who have claimed the said bounties, and the quantities of hemp or flax for which they claim, to the end that the said justices' may, by the means aforesaid, or by such other means, methods, proofs, and inquiries, as they shall direst and judge mod fit, difeovef and be able to ascertain, against their general quarter sessions at Midsummer in each year, the quantity of hemp and flax raised in the county, riding, or place, and the truth of the several claimants' claims and pretensions; which claims the said justices, at the said Midsummer quarter sessions, are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, finally to settle and determine.

VIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices shall, at their said Midsummer quarter sessions in each year, make up a date of the claims which have been finally settled and allowed by them, and transmit the same to the commissioners for trade and plantations; and the said comtnif fioners, on the .receipt of such returns from the several counties.

1781.3 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.58. 355

shall! apportion the sums applicable to each county, and certify same to the to the Jord high treasurer of Great Britain or lords com million^trad crs of his majesty's treasury for the time being, the amount of plantations, the sums so claimed and allowed, and pray an issue of the whole See. amount of the said bounties; and the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them for the time being, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, (ban thereupon, and they are hereby empowered and required to issue (without see or reward) their warrants or orders to the receivers of the land tax of the several counties within which the said to p lvon or hemp and flax refpe&ivelv has been raised, 'to pay, '(without de der of'the dudtion, see, or reward)*on the order of the quarter sessions of quarter fef each respective county, riding, or place, the sums appropriated for such county; and the said justices, at their next ensuing quarter sessions, shall distribute and pay, without fee or reward, each county, the same to the several persons, or their assigns, who shall have been found intftled to the said bounties.

- IX Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Directions for the grower, or other person preparing hemp or flax for market, seliers, be. of and who shall sell any quantity of hemp or flax within that part of hempor Great Britain called England, shall deliver to the buyer, along with such hemp or flax, a particular account of the hemp and flax fold, expressing the quantity, place where it grew, and the year of its growth; and the seller in like manner shall take of, the buyer a receipt, in writing, containing a duplicate of the quantity bought, the place where it grew, and the year of its growth.

X And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That for Justices to the better information of the lords commissioners for trade and plantations, the said justices in each county shall, and they are fioners for " hereby required from time to time, at their several quarter fef trade, be. a Cons, to make up, and transmit to the said commissioners for rta*e f the trade and plantations, a state of the claims which have been and^hesr^ro* then made, and their proceedings and judgements thereupon, ccedingsthere which the said commissioners shall return to the quarter sessions upon, cof

each county, with such observations as may occur to thetp, and such directions as they may think neceflaiy for the better ascertaining the claims, and which directions the said quarter sessions arc hereby required to observe and comply with. A

XI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the oahcq°uanfi

said commissioners for trade and plantations shall annually make ties of hemp up an exact Account of the quantities of hemp and flax raised, and flax rais and of the moneys prayed and issued to the quarter sessions of e

the different counties, and shall annually lay the same before before padi/ both houses of parliament. ment. -

XII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it Commission

shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners for trade and ers may make^plantations to make such further rules and orders for the said furrherniles bounties, and for preventing abuses therein, as they shall think

expedient, according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

XIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such Allowances to

Vol. XXXIII B b reasonable *madetothe

356

clerks of the peace.

The recited

arts to continue iu force, except where altered.

Continuance of this art.

Preamble.

Recital of 7 Anns, C 7.

Anno vicesimo prinio Georgil III C 59.60. [1781.

reasonable allowances shall be made to the clerks of the peace refpertively, for what they shall do and perform in their refpert ive offices for and towards the carrying into execution the purposes of this act, as the justices at their refpertive quarter sessions, shall from time to time order and direct.

XIV Provided always, and be it further enarted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited arts of the seventh and tenth years of his majesty's reign, shall continue and be in full force in all refperts, except in so far as the same are hereby altered or varied.

XV And be it cnarted by the authority aforesaid. That this art shall continue and be in force for and during the full term of five years from the first day of August, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LIX

An art for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, far the oses and purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Upon the King's mefiage, for extraordinary expenses for miitary (ervices far the year 1781. Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for r, 000, 0001. Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bit s, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax art of this session, concerning loans, C The clauses, See. in the said art relating to loans or exchequer bills, (except as to charging the same on taxes granted thereby or that limit the rate of interest) extended to the loans. Sec. to be made in pursuance of this art. Principal and irtterect, with cnarges, to be paid oat of the next supplies, and if sufficient f applies he not granted betore July 1782, then to lie paid out of the sinking fund; and rhe moneys k lffued to be replaced out of the first supplies. The bank rtnpowered to advance, on the said credit of Loan, any sum not exceeding 1, 000, 000!. notwithstanding the art of 5 & 6. W. & M.

CAP. LX

An act for efiablijhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the Jutn of two million: , towards the Jupply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An art for enlarging the capital (lock of the bank of England, and for raising a further supply to her Majesty, fqg the (cfvice of the year one thousand seven hundred and nine, it was declare ed and ennsted, That the governor and company of the bank 0/ England, and their fuccejjbrs for ever, Should continue and be one body corporate and politic, and Should for ever have, receive and enjoy, the entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned, out of certain rates and duties of excise therein described, end such abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, as are therein txpreffed \ subject nevertheless to a power and condition of redemption in that oft

1781.] Anno vicesimo pricno Georgii III co. 357

contained in that behalf: And it was thereby provided and entitled

That at any time upon twelve months notice after the first day of August, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand fevtn hundred and thirty-two and not before; and upon repayment by parliament to the faidgovernor and company of the bank of England, or thtir fucteffors* of the several sums amounting to one million six haired thousand pounds therein mentioned without any deduction discount or abatement whatsoever to be made out of the said sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof \ and upon payment to the said governor and company and their fuccejfors% of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which Should tt owing unto them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company or their fuc- teflon Should have remaining in their bands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid (such funds for redemption whereof other provision was made in the same aft only excepted); then and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and determine, as by the said act (relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: And whereas, by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of her said late Majesty's reign entitled An act to raise twelve hundred rec*lta] of in thousand pounds for public uses, by circulating a further sum aft n Ann, ip exchequer bills; and for enabling fier Majesty to raise five hundred thousand pounds on the revenues appointed for uses of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of such debts and arrears owing to her servants, tradesmen, and others, as arc therein mentioned; the before recitedprovifo or condition for determining the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds upon twelve months notice after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and thirty two upon such payments as aforesaid was thereby repealed and made void: And it was thereby provided and enacted That at any time upon twelve months notice, *after the first day of August, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty two and not before % and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors* of the said sum of sixteen hundred thousand pounds without any deduction discount, or abasement whatsoever, and upon payment to the said governor and company and their successors* of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which Should be owing to them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company or their fuccejforsy Should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid (such funds for redemption wnereof other prcv'ifion is made in the said former acts, or any of them or in the said recited act always excepted) j then and in such case, and not till then the sold yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and determine: And it is alfi further provided and enacted, That from and after such redemption of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and from and after

B b 2 redemption

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III co. [f 78f.

redemption Should be made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred dhd six thousand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen /hillingsy and five pence, by the said recited a of the seventh year of her said late Majesty's reign, settled and payable to the said governor and company, in the manner therein mentioned \ and from and after redemption Should likewise be made of the fund eflablijhed by the said recited act, in relation to the exchequer bills therein mentioned \ then, and not till then, the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England should ceaje and determine; but, till then, the said governor and company Should continue a corporation, and Should have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they were entitled to, as by the same act (relation being thereunto had), may more fully appear: And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late mayefiy King George the Second, intituled, An ast for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; the said governor and company, and their fiucceffors, were dire fled to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for his Majesty's use, the full sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, on or before fitch time, and in such manner, and under fuel conditions, as in thf said act are mentioned: And it was thereby declared and enacted, That the fiveral and respective provisoes contained in the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and each of them, and all other provisoes contained in any aether astor acts of parliament, for determining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the respective notices and payments in the same respective acts mentioned, Should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, so enlarged as aforesaid, and their fiucceffors for ever, Should remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politic, by the name aforesaid, and Should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, out of the said rates and duties of excise, together with a perpttual fuccejfton and privilege of exclujtve banking as therein after was mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchij'es, exemptions, privileges profits, and advantages whatsoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the said act, were intituled, by the said acts of the Jcventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, or either of them, or by any aether astor acts of parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, then in force; all which were, by the said act, ratified and confirmed to the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said provijoes and conditions, of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other provisoes, powers, acts, matters, and things whotfo ever theretofore bad, made, done, or committed, for redeeming,

determining, or making void, the said corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the f aid privilege of exclusive bank ing, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of them; subject never the iejs to Jucb restrictions, rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters, and things as in the said acts and charters, or any of them then in force, were contained or prescribed, and also subject to the power and condition of redemption thereafter in the said act contained in that behalf: And it was thereby also provided and enacted. That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August, which Should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred andsixtyfour, and not before, and upon the repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company of the bank of England or their fuccejffors, as well of the said sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, formerly advanced, as of the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds before mentioned then to be advanced, amounting, in the whole, to the sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, without any deduction, dijeount, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their fucctffors, of all the arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which should be owing unto them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their fucctffors, Should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid,

(fucb funds for redemption whereof other provision was made in and by the acts of parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted); then, and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Should cease and determine:

And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the fourth year of the. reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for establiflilng an q^ta ^*agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, forraifing certain sums of money towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for more effectually preventing the forging powers to transfer such (lock, or receive such dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the owners thereof; it is recited. That the governor and company of the bank fl/*england were willing and contented to advance, towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the sum of one million, on exchequer bills bearing inter ejl, to be paid quarterly; and the said exchequer bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the first aids or supplies which Should be granted by parliament for the service of the year me thousand seven hundred ayd sixty six; and in case sufficient aids or supplies Should not be granted for that purpose before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the same to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the sinking fund; and also to pay into his Majesty's exchequer, towards the said supply the sum

o Anno vicesimo primo georort IH. C 60. [cyst.

of one hundred and ten thousand pounds, without wiy r/poymnt of the principal or allowance of interest for the same; provided tbit the privilege of exclufwe banking, and, all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, Jranchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in the said recited, or any former, aft contained, Jhmild be granted and confirmed to the said governor and /dmpany, in such \ manner as in the said recited act is mentioned: Mnd it was by the

said recited act enacted. That it Should and might be lawful to and for the commijfwiers of his Majesty's treasury, thin or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treajurer for ibe time being, at arty time or times before the fiftbday of January, m thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to carfeor dire ft any number of exchequer bills to be made out, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions as in and by an act of the then present session of par

4.gcb c.x lament, intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thoufatid seven hundred and sixty four, xvere enabled and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act; and the said governor and company, and their successors, were directed to advance and pay, into the receipt of his mfejiys exchequer, for his Majesty s uft, the full sum of one hundred and ten thousand pounds, on or before such times, and in fitch manner, and under such conditions as in the said act art mentioned 5 and it was declared and enacted. That such part of the said recited provision, contained in the said act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the determining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, Should be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, Should remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politic, by the name afore said, and Should for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, cut of the said rates and duties of excise, together with a perpetual faccession and privilege of exclufwe banking, las therein cjter ivas mentioned, and all otfor abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages what 'fever, wherennto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the said act, were inti (led by the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late Majesty Sffiiecn Atme, and the said act of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, or any of them, or hy any other act or acts of parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, then in forte; all which were by the said act ratified and confirmedto the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of arid from the said proviso and conditions of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as afore said, and all other proviso ft, powers, ufts, matters, and things whatfotver, theretofore

bad,

ijr&i.j abfio vjcefwno primo geqrpti Ilf. C So.

Mad, made, Jonty or committed, for redeeming, determinings or mating void thejaid corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exdufive banking, ond all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exempt fions, privileges, profits, or advantages, or ary of them \ Juried nevertheless to such rejlridions, rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters, and things, as, in the said acts and, eta Ur s', or any of them then in force, Wire contained or prescribed, and also subject to the power and condition thereafter in the said act contained in that behalf: And it was thereby also provided and enacted, That, at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first defy of August, which fhtuld be in the year' of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company e>f the bank f England, or their fuuejfors, of the said fuup f three millions twp hundred thousand pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in part re? sited acts without any deduct ion, dijcount, or abatement wh atfsever,

.to be made out of the said sum of three millions two hundred tlmi and pounds, or any part thereof j and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their fuccejjors of all the arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which fbculd be owing unto them, upon all such tallies, exchequer ordtrs, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funis, which the said governor and company, or their successors, Shall have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as afore said, such funds for redemption whereof other provifiott was made in and by theacls of parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted; then, and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds should cease and determine: And whereas the said governor and company of the 3nhn^*to ad batik of England are willing and contented to advance, towards the vancc^two 3 supply granted to your majesty for the firvice of the year one thou millions for sand seven hundred and eighty one, the sum of two millions, in the feryice of manner following; that is to say, the sum of one million on or bethe pre'ent fore the fifteenth day of November, one thousand fevtn hundred year and eighty one; and the sum of one million on or before the fifteenth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two on exchequer bills, bearing intere(l at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said exchequer bills to be charged upon and repaid out of any of the aids or supplies which Shall be granted by parliament for the service of the year one thousand fevtn hundred and eighty four; and, in case sufficient aids or supplies Shall not be granted for that purpose before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, the same to be charged upon and re, .

out of the sinking fund; provided that the privilege of exclufiye j^clufive pru* banking, and all other the abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, vilege of F franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in any banking. Sec. former act contained, be. granted and confirmed to the said governor be confirmed, and company, in such manner as is herein after mentioned: Now, we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Grant Britain An parliaioeat aifembfed, being devout

B b 4 to

chequer bills for two millions, before April 5> 1781

362 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.60. [i78ri

to raise, with as much ease and advantage as possible to your subjects, the necessary supplies, and to encourage the said governor and company to advance the said sum of two milhions, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by Commiflloners the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to of thetreasury and for the commiltioners of his majesty's treasury now or for

i^aktocutdex° l*me or any three or m(5re f them, or the high trea roa eou ex surer tjjc tjmc being, at any time or times before the fifth

day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to cause or diredf any number of exchequer bills to be made out for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act fa granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, fa the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act.

All the provi II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ioe», penalties, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, incthe^3nd tax advant3ges> penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in aa of this fef the said last mentioned act, relating to the exchequer bills au fion relating thorifed to be made by the same act, (except such clauses as do to exchequer charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and such (except char c^au^es as ^, mt or relate to the ascertaining the rate of interest cs on taxes and to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the .rate of interest said act, and also except as herein after mentioned), shall be ap and as herein plied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfu aftermention ance Of C as fuj]y and effectually, to all intents and pur ihdi be appli poses, as if the same had been originally authorised by the said edti thetx last mentioned actor as if the said several clauses, or provisoes chequer bills had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this a a.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said exchequer bills shall bear an interest after the rate of three pounds per Centum per Annum.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no exchequer bill or bills, to be made out

quer notvobe virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been current to any issued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at anytime before the na — — expiration of three years from the day of the date of such exchequer bill, received or taken, or pass or be current to any receiver or collector in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or colledlor, or from any dtfehars«r other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise thereof; or onaoy other account than for the xlifeharge and cancelling

of

pursuance of this a. Exchequer bil s to bear interest.

Bills issued at

collector of the customs, C for three years;

1781^ Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 6o. 363

of filch bihs, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the expiration of three years from the day of the date of any exchequer bill foto be made forth 5 nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the expiration of three years from the day of the date of such exchequer bill, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued as kforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or colieftor for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the same shall hafre been issued three years from the receipt: of the exchequer, according to the date thereof; anything in the said act made in this present session 6f parliament intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majcftj by a land toxy tot bt raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thoufmsd seven hundred and eighty one, or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Exchequer.. Thar all fueft exchequer bills, together with the interest and bills to be re''incident to or attending the same, flidl be, and are paid out of hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or tote granted born by or out of any of the aids or supplies which shall be for the year granted by parliament for the service of the year one thousand 1784.

seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case sufficient aids or jg> supplies for that purpose shall not be granted*before the fifth supplies are day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, then not granted all the said exchequer bills, with the interest and charges inci before April dent to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged fcjbiua flutt and chargeable upon such moneys, as at any time or times, at or be charged on after the said fifth day of April, shall be or remain in the receipt the sinking of the exchequer of the furplasses, excesses, overplus moneys, and farther revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such moneys of the said sinking fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf; ) and such moneys of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying oflf, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills, interest and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Moneys fois aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be so issued out of the fuedout of the said farplufles, excesses, overplus moneys, or other revenues fining fund composing the sinking fund, shall, from time, to time, be re [{)eac€ placed by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted first supplies in parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary not vrithstanding.

VII Ana it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore The bisk to laid. That the said governor and company of the bank of Eng exchange for

land, mwef

364 Anno vfcqflme priflio Geokou JJL co, 8f.

all such bills, W, and; their foccflflors, Shall, and arphereby required foc with interest, .change for veady money, from time to tiipe, all wen of the Xaid as Hull, with qccbeqper bilis, s shall, within the pace of threg years from be ttndcredu) th thereof, be tendered or produced to them, or their them s cashier or.cafbiers, for that putpgfe, jiy any perfoa or perfbas;

and hall pay, or cause to he, paid, to such perfoa or persons, ia ready money, thp sum for which every such biu./q tendered or produced, wap issued, together wifo the intereu, oftef thefiufl jrate of force ppupds ptr% tyutym pfr Annum, jwh^fofoafl be then due thereupon and, Avail ckc^pge in manner as^forefod such of the said Ipillsas Avail h^vc: been, from time to time, paid away or circulate! by or on tbje Jiehalf of the fid governor and pom pany9 or foeir fodeeffors^ and shall, before the fai£, sith day of April, one thopfand fe^cn hundred and eighty sot .be tendered or produced as aforecawi, as often as such case shall happen; But shall not and the fajd; gov^rnor^and company, or their; fufxeffors, or be entitled to their agents or servants, shall not be imitlq4.te.jor receive aity f"yis»esm^ premium, .rat, qr allowance what foe vpr, for of. in fefpeff of the form qwhjanging cm, circulating the said exchequer bihs* any tbrag herein, or sony ofoer, advpf parliament, to the contrary not yvithstanding.

VIII And be it further enaefad by foe^ufoority aforesaid, In case (he hat 19 case, foe aid governor ancj company of the bank of bankrefifle England, or their/uccetfqrs, or their calmer, or: , cafoiers, lhail neglect or refofe io exchange apy such exchequer jbjjl or bills may bftffc*. for ready money as aforesaid, contrary to foe frue intent and vtoed* meaning of fois a, upon demand thereof made at their chief office wifow foe city of £qndou, for the space of twenty-four'1 foours, foqn.foe person or per/ons demanding the same, or the

a., t ipcrfop or pprfprvs for and on whose behalf such demand (hail be .r r made, . (hal and may recover such money, to, his, her, or their own ufq, by acuop of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or ia ffonnation, han y of his majeay's courts of record at fveflmn* fler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, hall be allowed, or any more tlvan one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare tlvat the said governor and cqmpany, or their fucceiiors, are indebted to the planttff or plaintiffs the money demanded upon live laid bill qr bills, according to the form of this statute, and Plain tiff in 'have not paid tive same, which (lull be sufficient; and the titled tom .plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action, bill, suit, or information, mages and shall recover against the said governor and company, and their colts. /beceftors, not only the money (b negle<3cd or refused to be

paid but also damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds ptrct* ium per Annum, on such money, together with soil costs of salt; k _aqd the said governor and company, and their focceffors, and

'ttheir said flock and funds, shall be, and are hereby made fub jc£t and liable thereunto,

Theprovi IX And be jt father enabled by the authority aforesaid, Urns ta^act Tfiat the clauies, powers, and provisions, in the said ac made oftbufcfcon in/his pw^f^ffionv/pvliaracntj (iautulcd# An eijfor tmi

V

1/8*.] Anno vioefinaoprimo Georgii III. pp.

ing an aid to his by Majesty a land taxy to it raiftd in Great Britain, relating to for tit service of the ytar ont thousand/even hundred and eighty one, ) contractor relating to such period or persons, body or bodies politic or *?rcircula corporate, as (hold contract, by virtue of that act, with the chequedbflb*. high treaai^r, or any three or more of the commifliooers of the (except as to treasury for the time being, for tfye circqlatmg and exchanging rate of inter for neaejy «aoney the exchequer bills by the said act authorised c**>and otto be muedf except theclaufe for altering the rate of interest, and such other parts as are varied by this act, ) Xhall extend .to shall extend to and operate, withtefpeft to the said governor and company of the bank in the bank ofengld»d9and their successors, in relation to the ex at, onj°£hc chequer bills to be made out, excliapged, and circulated, by rirtu?nf^ia virtue of this act, .in as full and apiple manner, to all intents and pqkposes, as if a cootraft in writing had been madjefor that ... r

purpose *0 the manner prescribed by the said act, andas if the fais) claiifes, powers, and provisions, were herein ijpeciauy re enacted and applied to the purposes of this act.

And, for tbt encouragement of the said governor and company Such Part of ef the bank of England, etnd their fucaffors, to exchange and circulate the recited the said exchequer bills, in the manner and during the time herein he aft 4 Gco U fere mentioned; and to the end the said governor and company, and the^eomia their fuccejfbrs, may, have a competent recompense and eonfideration mg the sufferjo doing; it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority fporatiop if. aforesaid. That such part of the said recited provision contained bank, #?, in the said act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his pre rcpealtdv sent Majesty, as relates to the determining the said fund of one hundred thousand pounds per Annum, and the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, shall be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and The bank to company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, remain a body shall remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politic, ^n^ovn'oit* by the name aforesaid, and shall for ever have, receive and enjoy, exclude the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds out privilege of of the said rates and duties of excise, together with a perpetual banking, See. succession and privilegeofexclufive banking, as herein after is mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whatsoever, whereunto the governor nd company of the bank of England are, or, before the making of this act, were intituled, by the said acts of the seventh and twelfth years of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, and the said acts of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty Kiqe George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his prefont Majesty, or any of them, or by any other act or acts of parliament, grants, or charters whatsoever, now in force; all which are by this act ratified and confirmed to the said governor and company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said proviso and conditions of redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid; and all other provisoes, powers, acts, matters, arid things whatsoever, teretofore had, made, done; or committed.

At iny time, after Aug. i. II upon 12 months notice, and repayment of the said 3, 100, 0001.

and all arrears of the said 100, 0001. jger Annum,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii TILL C 6o. [1781.

for redeeming, determining, or making void the foid corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds, and the said privilege of exclusive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges profits, and advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to such reftridfions, rules, and directions, and also to such other agreements, matters, and things as in the faidads and charters, or any of them now in force are contained or prescribed 5 and also subject to the power and condition of re demotion hereafter in this at contained in this behalf.

XL Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the first day of August, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the said sum of three millions two handred thousand pounds, advanced by virtue of the said in part recited adis, without any deduction dii count, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors, of ail the arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per Annum, and all the principal and interest money which shall be owing unto them upon all such tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors, shall have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid, such funds for redemption whereof other provision is made in and by one ait of parliament, made in the eighth year of the reign of his majesty King Gary the First, (entitled, An act to enable the South Sea company ti difpoje of the efforts in their hands by way of lottery or subscripttm^ir to sell part oj their fund or annuity, payable at the exchequer, in $/ der to pay the debts of the said company; and for relief of such wi; were intended to have the benefit of a late art, touching payment tf ten per Centum therein mentioned; ) and in and by one other art of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An art for granting en aid to his Majesty by ale of annuities to the bank of England at fnr pounds per Centum, redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying the produce of the I sinking fund, and for enlarging the time for exchanging Nevis aid Saint christopher's debentures for annuities at three per Centum, and for the applying the arrears of his late Majesty's civil list revenues; ) and by one other act of parliament, made in the second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, (entitled, An aqfir raising the sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, \ by sale of annuities to the bank England, after the rate of four pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by parliament, ani{er applying the produce of the sinking fund; ) and by one other a of parliament, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his fajd late Majesty,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 60.367,

Majesty, (entitled, An act for establishing an agreement with the

governor and company of the hanlt of England, for cancelling certain

exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned, and for obliging

them to advance the sum of one million upon the credit of the land tax

and malt duties, granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one

thousand seven hundred and forty ftxf) always and only excepted; tbc^-

then and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of funcj j^au *

one hundred thousand pounds shall cease and determine. cease.

XII And to prevent any doubts that may arise concerning the pri No other vilege or power given, by former obis of parliament, to the said go bank shall be vemer and company, if excluftve banking, and also in regard to the ere^ed by treeing any other batik or banks by parliament, or refraining other surin^the persons from banking during the continuance of the said privilege, continuance granted to the governor and company of the bank of England, as be of the said fere recited; it is hereby further enacted and declare by the au privilege j thority aforesaid, That it is the true intent and meaning of this

that no other bank shall be erected, established, or allowed by parliament; and that it shall not be lawful for anv body po nor shall any litick or corporate whatsoever, erected or to be ereaed, or for £un?ber of any other persons, united or to be united in covenants or part partnedhip nerlhip, exceeding the number of six persons, 'in that part of exceeding six Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any be allowed, sum or sums of money on their bills or notes, payable at demand, or at any less time than six months from the borrowing thereof, during the continuance of such said privilege to the said governor and company; who are hereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privilege of exclusive banking, as before recited, subject to redemption on the terms and conditions before mentioned; that is to say, on one year's notice, Conditions of after the first day of Augujl> one thousand eight hundred and redemption, twelve, and repayment of the three millions two hundred thousand' pounds, and all arrears of the one hundred thousand pounds, per Annum, and all the principal and interest money that Shall be owing them on all such'tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, (such funds as are before mentioned only and always excepted, ) which the said governor and company, or their (uccefifors, shall have remaining in their hands, or be*infilled to, at the time of such notice to be given as aforesaid''not otherwise; thing in this act, or any former act or acts of parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the au What shall bt thority aforesaid. That any vote or resolution of the house of deemed a fuf commons, signified by the speaker of the said house in writing, nouce# and delivered at the public office of the said governor and company, or their successors, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a

sufficient notice, within the words or meaning of this act anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publickaft* That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public

aft; and be judicially taken notice of by all judges, justices, or other persons whatsoever without specially pleading the'kmc.

CAP.

Preamble.

Recital of 10 Geo. j, cap. j.

3^8r Anno vicdinaor prinap'gborgii HI. CI [178^

i

CAP. LXL

A act to explain and mrun&fo much of an act, made in the twentieth'year of the reign of his prefetu Majesty, intituled, An act to vcft certain me linages lands, tenements, and hereditaments* in truftecs, for the better securing bismajesty's docks ships, tod (lores, at Plymouth and Sheemess, and for better defending the pa (Tag e of the river 'Thames at Grauejend and Tilbury Forty as relates to the femrity of his Majtjbfs docks, Ships, and forts, at Plymouth.

WHEREAS by an act made in the lafi session of party merit, (entitled, An act to vest certain me ullages* Jam)?; tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better feeing his majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Plymouth ^tul Sbeernefs, and for better defending the paitage of the river Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort J certain mejfuages, lanky tenements, and hereditaments, therein mentioned to be situate its the counties Devon and Cornwall, werey with other mej/uoges, Iqnk, unementsy and hereditaments, situate in the counties of Kent and Essex, vejlod in the right honourable sir Fletcher Norton bight, and other persons therein mentionedr, and their heirs \ in trujl never tbelefsfor fitch perfin and persons, bodies politic or corporate ecilt fiafiiau or civil, as, at or immediately before the time of making tbt [aid aft, were the several owners andproprietors thereof according to their respective ejtates and interejls therein, at the same time, in ufi. session, reverfiony remainder, or ctherwtfe, until such estates and is ter efts Should be respectively adjudged and determined, or poftjjjtn thereof taken by the principal officers of his Majesty's ordinance, or engineer, or other officers adding under their authority, which they were thereby empowered to do, whenever it Should be found nectjfarj for his Majesty's service, and the several sum or sit ms of money, end interest for the same, after the rate offive pounds per Centum per Annum for one year, for the grofi sum that Should be affiffedfor the true and real value thereof, in manner andfoim therein mentioned, Should be paid: and it was by the said act also enacted. That immediately after payment Should be made of the sum and sums of money to be aftertamed in manner therein mentioned, as the value of the right and interest of all persons pofifejfiei of, or inter cjled in, such mejfiuagts, lands, tenements, or htreditaments, unto the owners or proprietors thereof respectively, the said trustees Jlmld be deemed and adjudged to jlandfeijed of the premises so paid for, to and for the uje of his Adojejly, and his heirs and successors, for ever, freed and dischargtd of and from all right, title, claim, and demand whatsoever, tbet could or might be made by any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclefiafiical or civil: And whereas his Majesty, by virtue of the said act, and the powers and authorities to him given, iffici ois commijfton, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, bearing date at West minster the twenty first day oj August left, authorising and impowering ccrtarn persons therein named, or any five

Recital of his Majsfty'f letters patent, dated Aug.

I. s7so.

17ji.] Ahrio vfccfimo primo Georgii III C Gi.

or mere of them, to do, perform, and execute y all power s, dir eft ions, matter s, and things, in the [aid aft contained, which by the said act such cmmijfioners were authorised and required to do, perform and execute*and the said oft, and commission issued in pursuance thereof have been carried into full execution, and been fully performed with respect to such mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditamentsf as ate situate in the counties of Kent and Essex: whereas, m executing the fflid oft, so far as the same relates to thesecurity of his Mayejly's docks, ships9 aid /lores, at Plymouth, some difficulties have artfen with respect to the deferiptton in the f said act given of the mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, intended to be puribofed for better Jecurmg the docks, ships and sores at Plymouth afor of aid: and whereas fitch of the said lands as are necessary for the purposes of the security of his Ma jiffs docks, Jhtps, and foresr at Plymouth, have be, en Jurvoyei, measured, and marked out, with a boundary line or lines, and are and contain as herein after mentioned; that is to say, all those pieces or Description parcels of land, with their appurtenancies, situate and being at Mount df certain Pleasant, in the manor andparijh^stokcdamerejl in the county of lands near Devon, hereinafter particularly mentioned, (that is to say, ) a//plymouth. that piece or parcel of land, being part of the Mount estate, containing, by admeafuroment, five acres, three roods, thirty-five perches, and three quarters, being part of a field called Mount Field, in the tenure or occupation of lieutenant colonel Dixon, bounded on the north by Furze Park and Underhill Field, eafi by mijlrtfs mervvn'o meadow and Mount Meadow, south by the said Mount Meadow, being all in the tenure or occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon, and by the lane hading from Stoke to Key bam Wood Fields, and on the west by the west part of the said Mount Field, in the tenure or occupation of Samuel Pike!; also all that other piece or parcel of land bting the west part of Mount Meadow, containing, by admeqfurement three roods arid twenty-eight perches bounding On the north side by Mount Fiekl, on the eoft by other part of Mount Field, on the south by an orchard, garden, and farmhouse, called Mount Farmhouse, and on the west by Mount Field afore aid i all which said several pieces or parcels of land, with the abuttals and boundaries, are in the tenure or occupation of the said lieute natit colonel Dixon; also all that piece or parcel of land, being part of Furze Park, containing one rood and thirty-six perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon, bounding north and west by part of Furze Paik, in the tenure or occupation of Samuel Pike, east on the eoft port of Mount Field aforesaid, and south on the West part of Mount Field aforesaid, also in the. tenure Or occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon; also all that mejfu* age or tenement, farmhouse, outhouses, yard, garden, and buildings, belonging to Mount estate, containing, by admeasurement, one toed and twenty perches, bounding north and east on Mount Meadow, and part of orchard ground in the occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon, on the south on the road leading from Stoke to key him Point Field, and on the west an Mount Field of orefdid, in the

occupation

37o

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III. CL [178c.

occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon 5 also all that part of an orchard andjlable, being part of Black Pool eflatey in the occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon, containing by admeasurement ten perches, bounding on the north by the garden and Mount Field aforesaid, on the east on part of Mount Field afore said, and on the other part of the said orchardtn the occupation of master John spur rill, and on the south by the lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Fields; also all that small part of Home Park, containing one rood and one perch, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Spurrill, bounding on the north by the said last mentioned lane, and on the south by Home Park aforesaid; and also all that field or parcel of land called Lower Midway Field, fituote in the parish cf Stoke Damerell aforesaid, containingy by admeasurement, one acre, three roods, and four perches, in the tenure or occupation of John Thornton, bounding north on Keyham Wood Fields, in the tenure or occupation of mistress Susanna Croad, east on Upper Midway Field, south on a small enclosure taken from the lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields to Stoke, in the occupation of the said John Thornton, and west on the lane leading from Stoke to Keyham Wood Fields aforesaid; also all that other field or parcel of land called Upper Midway Field, containingy by efiimatiotty two acresy one rood, and fifteen perchesy in the tenure or occupation of the said John Thornton, bounding north on the said field, called Keyham Wood Fields, in the occupation of'the said mistress Croad, east on Lew Down, in the occupation of John Hill, south on the said lane, and west in part on Lower Midway Field, and other part on the said small enclosure; also all that small piece of land taken from the said adjoining lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields, to Stoke, containingy by admeasurementy fifteen perchesy in the occupation of the said John Thornton, bounding north on Lower Midway Field, and east on Upper Midway Field, in the tenure or occupation Of the said John Thornton, and south on the said lane also all that piece or parcel of land called Lew Down, containing together by admeasurement, two acresy three roodsy and twenty-nine perchesy in the tenure or occupation cf John Hill, bounding north on Keyham Wood Fields, in the tenure of occupation of the said miftrtjs Susanna Croad, east on a meadow called Wood Meadow, in the tenure or occupation Richard Bowhay, ^th on the said lane, and west by Upper Midway Field, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Thornton; also all that piece or parcel of landy being part of the head lands ^keyham Wood Fields containingy by admeasurement y three roods and twelve perchesy in the tenure or occupation of the said Susanna Croad, bounding north on the said Keyham Wood Fields, and on the east in part on the west angle of Lower Midway Field aforesaid, in the tenure or occupation of tie said John Thornton, and on other part on the said lane leading from Keyham Wood Fields to Stoke aforesaid, on the south on Wood End Field, in the tenure or occupation of John Hill, and west on Keyham Point Field, in the tenure or occupation of the said lieutenant colonel Dixon; and also allthofe pieces or parcels of land fetu ate near the manor pounds minding the manor pound in the parish

i; 8i, ] Anno vicclimo primo Georgii III C 6u

of Stoke Damerell aforesaid, herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to fayj all that piece or parcel of ground being part of Pound Field, or Great Broom Hall, containing, by admeasurement, four acres and twenty perches, in the occupation of Orlando Lockyer, bounding on the north in part on Quarry Park, in the occupation of Philip Richards, and on other part on ball's Garden, in the occupation oj Benjamin Hooper, and on other part on a lane hading from Stoke Village to Stoke Church, on the east on the Jmall remaining part of the Jaidfieldy and the west tnd of Little Broom Ball Field, in the tenure or occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, on the south in part on the north fife of the said Little Broom Ball Field, on other part on the field called Sanctuary, in the tenure or occupation ^/'william Ash, on other part on Horse Park, in the occupation Thomas Merryfield, and west on the said manor pound which Jlands in the said fields and the Tavi flock turnpike road; also all that piece or parcel of land being part of Little Broom Ball Field, containing, by admeasurement, two roods and thirty-three perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, bounding north and west on Great Broom Ball Field aforesaid, on the east on the remaining part of Little Broom Ball Field aforesaid, in the tenure or occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, on the south by the glebe land called The Sanctuary, in the tenure or occupation of the said William Ash; also all that piece or parcel off land, being glebe land, called The Sanctuary, containing by admeasurement, one acre, two roods, and thirty-five perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said William Ash, bounding north on Great and Little Broom Ball Fields aforesaid, in the tenure or occupation of the said Orlando Lockyer, east and south on the remaining part of The Sanctuary, and west on Horse Park Field in the tenure or occupation of the said Thpmas Merryfield; also all that piece or par cel of land, being part of rox(t Park Field, containing, by admeasurement, one rood and four perches in the tenure or occupation of the said Thoma* Merryfield, bounding north an the said turnpike roof, and by the Pound Field, in the occupation of the said Orlando lockycf, east onx the Sanctuary Field aforesaid, south on the re mainingpart of the said Horse Park, and west on round Close, in the tenureor ycdfatipn ofjof. Fort; pjfo all that small piece or parcel of bandy being part of Pound Close aforesaid, containing, by admpafure/nenty eight perches, bounding north and west on the turnpike road leading from Dock to Tavistock, east on Horse Park Field aforesaid, and fquth on the remaining part of the said Pound Close; and also all those pieces or parcels of land herein afitr men tienedyfituate and being on Stonehouse Hill, in the parish and manor of East Stonehouse, in the said county Devon; that is to say, ) all that piece or parcel of land lying on the north side of Stonehouse Hill, being part of Middle Hill Field, containing, by admeasurement y three roods and eight percbesy in the tenure or occupation of shown Warn, bounding on the north on garden ground called Pool Field, east on East Hill Field, and west by the remaining part of the said Middje Hill Field, being aft in the tenure.or occupation of the said Thomas Warn, and the south angle thereof to Stonehouse Hill, in Vol. XXXIII CC the

Anpo vicesimo primo Georgii III C 6r. [1781.

the tenure or occupation of mistress Susanna Croad; also all that field called East Hill, lying on the north side of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, containing, by admeasurement, three acresf one rood, oni twenty-one perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said Thomas Warn, bounding west on Middle Hill Field, north on Pool Field and Kiln Lane Field, in the tenure or occupation of the faii Thomas Warn, east on the east end of Stonehouse Hill, andfouth on the north side of the said Stonehouse Hill, in the occupation of the said miftrefi Croad; also all that piece or parcel of land, being part of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, containing, by admeasurement, five acres and six perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said Susanna Croad, bounding north on the south side of East Hill Field, in the occupation of the said Thomas Warn, and the road leading from Mill Bay lime kilns to Stonehouse, east on the east end of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid, south on Mill Bay at the bottom of the Rocky Cliss, which is included in the admeasurement, and west on the eaftfide of East Hill, and the west end of Stonehouse Hill aforesaid; and also that piece or pariel of land, with its adjoining ti ff or sea bank, being part of Mount Batten Field, in the parish of Plymstock, in the said county 0/* Devon, containing, by admeasurement, sixteen acres, one rood, eighteen perches, and two thirds of a perch, in the tenure or occupation f Christopher Rouse, bounding north on the harbour of Catwater, east on the remaining part of the said field, south on Plymouth Sound, and west on the Channel, at the entrance into Sutton Pool and Catwater; and also all those pieces or parcels of land, being part of the glebe land of the vicarage of Maker, situate on the Heights of Maker, in the parish of Maker, in the said county of Devon; (that is to say, ) all that piece or parcel of meadow or pasture land called parson's Meadow, containing, by admeasurement, one acre and twenty-two perches, in the tenure or occupation of the right honourable George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, bounding north and east on Broad Park, south on other church lands, and west on Parson's Meadow aforesaid, in the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort; also all that other piece or parcel of meadow land, being part of Parson's Meadow, containing, by admeasurement, one acre end three roods, tn the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, bounding on the north on Morgan's Meadow, east on Broad Park and parson's Meadow, south on other church lands, and west on the remaining part of the said parson's Meadow; also all that piece or parcel of meadow or pasture ground, containing, by admeasurement, four acres and twenty perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valcttort, bounding on the north on the turnpike read leading from Crimble Ferry to Millbrook, and on the Church Green, east on the send Church Gtctnand Broad Purk, south on Broad Park tf»</parfon's Meadow, and west on the remaining part of the said morgan's Meadow; also all that piece or parcel of land called Broad Park, containing, by admeasurement, three acres, two roods, and thirty-five perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort; bounding on the northwest on

morgan's

37 3

1781] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c/61.

Morgan's Meadow aforesaid, northeast on other part of the said Broad Park, south andjoutb weji on rarfon's Meadow aforesaid

\ all that piece of land called Cross Park, containing, by admea i jurement, six acres, two roods, and nine perches, in the tenure or s occupation of John Boger esquire, bounding north in part on Wood j Park, in the occupation of the said John Boger, on other part on \ George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort and kerley's wood's, bounding the counties if Cornwall and Devon, in the tenure or occupation of William El worthy, east on anderton's Meadow, in the tenure or occupation of the fqid George viscount r Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, south on the turnpike road leading from Crimble Ferry to Millbrook, and wejlon Oxen Park, in the tenure or occupation of John Lafkey; also all that piece or parcel of land called Wood Park, containing, by eftimatisn, three acres, three roods, and seven perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Boger, bounding north east by Kerley Wood aforesaid, south On Cross Park and Oxen Park, and west on Higher Oxen Park and The Clarick, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Lafkey; and also all those pieces or parcels of landfituate near T or Point, in the parish of Anthony, in the county Cornwall, herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to say, ) all that piece or parcel of land, being part of a field called Pleasure Iioufe Field, containing, by admeafwrement, three acres, two roods, and twenty-nine perches, in the tenure or occupation of rear admiral Thomas Graves, bounding north on the turnpike road leading from Tor Point into Cornwall, south on Quarry Park, in the tenure or occupation of John Dunrich, and on Rope Walk Field, in the occupation Francis Hill, south wefi on Poppy Meadow, and northwest on the said Pleasure House Field, in the tenure or occupation of the said admiral; also all that piece or parcel of meadow or pasture ground, being part of the said Poppy Meadow, containing, by admeasurement, one rood and fifteen perches, bounding on the northeast by the said Pleasure House Fiel, southeast on Quarry Park aforesaid, northwest on the remaining part of the said Poppy Meadow; also all that piece or parcel of land, being part of a field called Rope House Field, containing by admeasurement, two acres, one rood, and twenty-one perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said Francis Hill, bounding north on Pleasure House Field aforesaid, south eqft by the remaining part of the said Rope Walk Field, and west by Quarry Park aforesaid; also all that piece or parcel of land, being part of New Park, containing, by admeasurement, one rood and thirteen perches in the tenure or occupation of the said John Dunrich, bounding on the northeast andfou}b cast on Quarry Park aforesaid, and northwest by New Park aforesaid; also all that piece or parcel of land being part of a park called Quarry Park, containing, by admeasure mentyseventeen acres, one rood, and twelve perches, in the tenure or occupation of the said John Dunrich, bounding north on Pleasure House Field aforesaid, northeast on Rope House Field aforesaid, south east by the southeast part of the said Quarry Park and the Beach Field, south yveft by the road leading from Tor Point to Carbealj northwest by the southwest part of the said Quarry Park,

All the messuages, lands, C in the re

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 61. [1781.

by the south eaf and north eaf tingle of Hew Pafk aforesaid, and by the southeast part of Poppy Meadow aforesaid, and all ways, waters right Si watercoterfes, easements, privileges, and appurtenances whatfotver, to the said mejjuage or tenement, barn, fable, pound, and premists, belonging or in any wise appertaining: may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said recited act mentioned to be situate in the cited ad men counties of Devon and Cornwall, and veiled in the said sir tioned, and Fletcher Norton, and the other persons therein named, and their heirs, for the purposes in the said act mentioned, and not here ton^&c*and* n before particularly set forth and described, shall be, and the noun this act same are hereby diverted out of the said sir Fletcher Norton, and particularly the said other persons, and their heirs; and the same, and every fh ^nrbtct eft Part anc parcei hereof, shall be, and are hereby revelled in the ccjaout of the several and rcspective persons in whom the same were veiled it the time of the paflihg of the said act, their several and respective heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, in such and the same manner as if the said act had not been made; the said act, or anything therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted, That all and every the said messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments herein before particularly mentioned and described, and every part and parcel

continue vest thereof, with their and every of their rights, members, and aped in the said purtenances, being part of the lands described, or meant to be described, by the said recited act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be continued veiled in the said sir Fletcher Norton, and the said several other persons, and their heirs, to and for the ends, intents, and purposes in the said recited act mentioned and expressed; any error, deficiency, or inaccuracy of description in the said recited act, or this act, not with (landing.

III Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That in case it shall be at any time hereafter agreed between any person or persons authorised by, and on the behalf of, his Majesty, and the right honourable George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, that a lease or grant shall be made and executed by

said sir Fletcher Norton, chut

all those Particularly described in this act shall

sir Fletcher Norton, C

If lord Edge cumbe shall grant such a lease of his lands, C in the manor of

^ George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, unto the said sir Fletcher Norton, and the several other trustees in the said former act named, or to such other person or persons as (hail be nominated and agreed on in that behalf, their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, for the purposes aforesaid, of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, herein before particularly described, situate within the manor of Stortehouse otherwise East Stonehouse aforesaid, whereof he is owner or pioprie tor, for so long a term, and under as low a rent and fine, and as few and reasonable conditions, restrictions; and exceptions,

' and

he is enabled to do by an act of 10 Geo. j, to sir Fletcher Norton, or any persons author! fed by his Majesty, for the purples aforesaid,

i7frj Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C Si. $75 *

and with such perpetual right of renewal, and all such other powers, liberties, and advantages, as the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletori is enabled to demise or grant the same, under or by virtue of the powers or authorities of a certain ad, made and pitied in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to enable the right honourable George lord Edgecumbe, to grant building Icases of lands, tenement and hereditaments, within the manor 0/ Stonchouse otherwije East Stonehouse in the county of Devon, or such other rent, fine, conditions, restrictions, exceptions, rights, powers, liberties, or advantages, as can or may be agreed on, and the said George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort shall make and execute such leiafe or grant accordingly; then and in such case, and im then the said mediately thenceforth, the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, land. in fvich lease or grant comprised, and the see fiirtple and inheri bedweft. tance thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby accordingly di fa, afir° 1 C veiled out of the said sir Fletcher Norton and the said other per fktchernor (bns, and their heir, freed and discharged from the ends and tonne, C and purposes of the said former act; and the same, and every part j jc£jfted.m and parcel thereof, shall be, and are hereby revelled in the said j.°rmbc George viscount Mount Edgecumbe and Valletort, and the several 1 other persons in whom the same were veiled at and immediately before the pafiing of the said former alt, and his add their respective heirs for futh estate or estates, in such and the same plight, condition and manner, as the same were then To veiled in them respectively, and (hold or would, at the time of the delivery of the aforesaid lease or grant, have been veiled, in case the said former all had not been made; anything therein, or in this present alt, contained to the contrary not with (tanding.

IV And be it further enacted, That all and every the pow Allthepowers

ers, provisions, regulations, and clauses, in the said recited all and regular contained, as relate to the mefifuages, lands, tenements, add j? ac hereditaments, therein mentioned to be fituatein the counties of 5dating#to th Devon and Cornwall, shall be and continue in full force and effelt, lands, and shall extend to, and shall be executed and performed with therein men, regard to all and every the said mefiuages, lands, tenements, and t, one ihau hereditaments, herein before mentioned and described, as fully -

and effie&ually as if the same had been repeated and re enacted defenbed in in this present all; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for. this all

the said commissioners named in the said letters patent, or any five or more of them, notwithstanding any former adjournment, to. meet as (bon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, for the speedy execution of the said recited all and this id, and shall and may adjourn themselves to such time and place as they shall think proper.

V Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in the commission said rotited ad or this act contained shall empower the said ers'to adjourn commissioners to adjourn for any longer time than from day to j.rom today, Sundays excepted, tih the value of the lands foto be pur ajr* chased shall be ascertained; and that, in case a proper number

C C 3 of

unnecessarily delayed.

a view of the premises, CI

37 6 Anno viccfirao primo Georgii III C 6f. [1781;

of commissioners shall not attend at any meeting for the purpose of carrying the said recited art and this art into execution, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners or commissioner then present, and they and he are and is hereby authorised and required to adjourn such meeting.

Proceedings VI And be it further enarted and declared. That in all cases

of commimo where it shall be found necessary that the value of any tneffu aes lank tenements, and hereditaments, and the interest of every person therein refpertively, (hold be settled and ascertained by a jury, no obftrurtion or delay shall be given to the proceedings of th said commissioners or jury, at any meeting where such jury shall attend for such purpose, on account of a previous view not having been taken of the said mefiuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, by the said Jurors to take jury, or a proper number of such jury; but it shall and may be C Jawful to and for the commissioners then present, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, either for their own fatisfartion, or that of any of the parties interested, to cause the jurors, or so many of them as the commissioners shall think requisite, immediately to repair to the particular message, or particular of land, tenement, or hereditament, the value whereof shall be then under their consideration, in order to view the same; and such jurors shall, and they are hereby accordingly required immediately to take such view before any verdirt, as to the true and real value of such message, land, tenemeift, or hereditament, shall be given in by such jury.

VII And whereas, in tonfequence of the said recited off and of the ers to allow to appointment of commissioners for carrying the same into execution, the proprie the proprietors and occupiers of the lands, tenements, and hercdita cder^of the ******* revejled, were put to expense in procuring proper fur revetted lands, vep* plans, and valuations, of the said lands, tenements, and heredi call ex. tamentsf to be taken and made, and for the attendance of counftl,

pcnc*^he? agents, and witnesses before the said commissioners, to make out the

unto to am*fever*l claims, and ascertain the value of the refpeutve inter efts of the fequenceoftbe different claimants', and also in preparing to quit the said lands, treated art. nements, and hereditaments, in order that the possession thereof might

be delivered to the principal officers of his Majesty's ordinance, or r gineersy or other officers ailing under their authority, when they the said proprietors and occupiers [hold he thereunto required, for ab which expense and damages no provision is made by the fata recited ail; be it therefore further enarted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners, already appointed under and by virtue of the said recited art, or to be appointed under and by virtue of this present art, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to inquire into, ascertain, assess, and allow to the proprietors and occupiers of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so revetted as aforesaid, such costs, damage?, and expenses, , as they have futtained, or been putun* to by reason or means of the several matters aforesaid.

Com million -

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III ca. 577

VIII Provided nevertheless, That the said commissioners Proviso relat shall not be hereby authorised to allow anything for the attend ^nce for" ance of counsel, unless they shall be of opinion that the parti a^ndanc* of cular case required such attendance, which opinion they shall counsel certify in their decree; and that they shall not be authorised in, any case to allow for more than one counsel, nor more to any counsel than they shall judge to be a sufficient comperifation to such counsel for the time he actually attended, although he may have been employed by different clients; in which case the sum so adjudged shall be allowed in equal shares to each of the clients who may have employed him.

CAP. LXII

An act to explain and amend an act made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Thirds (entitled An act for the lessening the duty upon tin and pewter exported, and granting an equivalent for the same by a duty upon drugs),

7b far as the same 'relates to the importation 0/ drugs from the Russian dominions 5 and also an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the further improvement of his majesty's revenue of cuftpms, and for the encouragement of officers making seizures, and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his majesty's dominions), to permit the importation of or chillia weedy and Cobalt, during the present hojlilitiesy from any place wbatsoevery in British, iri(h, or neutral hips; and to per mit sugarsy the growth of Demerary and Effequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon payment of the like duties, and under the like rejlriftionsy as sugars of toe British islands in tbs West Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third intitu leiy An act for the lessening the duty upon tin and pewter ex rccjta| & n ported, and granting an equivalent for the same by a duty upon aft t and9drugs; after reciting that, whereas by an acty made in the twelfth Gul. j, C 34* year of tie late King Charles the Secondy intituledy A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other sums of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, it was providedy That all drugs imported directly from though place of their growth in Englifti built shippingy be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of ratesy ami no more \ it was amongst otler things tnaftedy That the subsidy to be rectivedy for all drugs imported directly from the plactof their growth in Englifti built shippingy Shall be according to the full value on the respective species enumerated in the book of rates and not according to the hid abatement 5 and for all drugs otherwise imported treble such full value: And whereas doubts have ariftn whether drugsy tie growth of Kuffia, imported from certain ports in Russia, which were not subject to, and under though dominion of the Russian empire at though time of pajftng the said recited

37.8

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 6a. [1781*

id aft, an be now imported from such ports upon payment of the fwgle duty; for obviating which doubts, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this > present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

After J "lj 20» That from and after the twentieth day of July, one thousand thepmossk even ^un^rcc^ and eighty one, all drugs of the growth, proof Russia, im duction, or manufassure, of any part of the dominions of Rufi ported from fta, which shall be laden and shipped at any port or place fubjoft thence m Brito and within the said Russian dominions, and imported from pina Aall be thence in British built (nipping into this kingdom, shall be deemed to be deemed and taken to be imported directly from the place of their imported from growth, production, or manufacture, and shall be liable to and the place of pay duties accordingly; anything in the said recited act or any their growth, other actor alsof parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding,

And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the third year Recital of j of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the further Geo. 3, C at. improvement of his Majesty s revenue of customs; and for the encouragement of officers making seizures; and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his V Majesty's dominions, it is, amongst other things, enabled, That It

Shall and may be lawful, to and for the commffioners of his Majeftf} customs to cause dll Ships, vejjels, and boatand all goods, of what kind soever they may be, (excepting only Jucb vessels, boats, and goodly as are by law liable to be burnt), which Shall befeizcdby any officer; of the customs for unlawful importation, or for nonpayment of duties, cr for, ar?y other cause of forfeiture, and condemned according tp law to be sold publicly to the best bidder, at suck places as the said commissioners jhgjl think proper; and all and every officer who Shall Jeize fucftgoods, Shall, for bis and their encouragementrbe allowed by the said commissioners one moiety of the neat produce arising by the fife cf filth seizure, after the deducing the charges of condemnation and file Jrom lhe, whole; and the said commissimen Shall cause the other 7 moiety thereof to be paid into the receipt of his Majeftf s exchequer f. in lieu of his Majeftf s Share thereof, (excepting in thofecafes ittbicb' are otherwise provided for by the said act): And whereas it is bj the said a ft provided and further enabled, That if the produce of any particular seizure, sold in pur finance of the said act, Shall net be fit: fdent.to answer the expeucts of .condemnation and foie, or if, upon the trial. of any seizure, a verdict Shall be given for the claimant, and the shipjr goods Shall not he condemned, in either of thefecases, it Shall and may be lawful for the comrmjfmers of his Majeftf s tuft cm s to order the charges attending the jeisung and prosecuting fiuh ship or goods, to be paid out of any branch of the tevenue of the customs which is by law applicable. to the payment of incidents: And whereas it is not reafenable that such part of the pubtick revenue, which is bylaw applicable to the payment of incidents, Should be burr thetnd with the expencts of prosecuting fiutb. seizures, hut on the contrary that fiuch charges and exp anus, and other law charges, and expends of management, where it may be judged necessary by thewn missioner of his Majeftf s customs, Should be defrayed out of the produce

i, ti, r an&q vigfcfimo priroo Georg n HI. e. 62. 379

arifiirghy the side offckaures which are condemned be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any ship, uow the vcfw, boat, or goods, shall be seized by any omceror officers charges of of his. majesty's customs, which are hy law liable on condem fei^re, con nation to be burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or where the produce ^fh^se arjfmg by the falc of any particular seizure shall not be fuffici defrayed of ei)t to answer threepences of seizing, prosecuting, or condemn vessels coning the same 5 or if upon any trial a verdict shall be given for demned to be the claimant, or the ship, vessel, boat, or goods, so seized, shall burnt not be condemned; in either of those cases, it. fi\a}land may be lawful for th commissioners of his majesty^s customs, if they think proper, to order the charges arising by thu condemnation and falc, and hythe seizure and prosecution of such ships, vessels, and boats, or goods, whether they shall be condemned or not, and all manner of' law bills and other charges of ma

Mgement, to be paid out of his majesty's share of the produce arifinz by the^ftfe of any goods which have been, or may be seized and condemned, in like manlier as may now. be done out of any other bunch of the revenue of the cuftoaos, which is bylaw applicable' to the payment of incidents Anything in the said recited ab, qr any other at or acts of: parliament, or any customor usage, to the cpngrary notwit branding.

III And whtreasoxch\\\)ia^wemisve^ awdriecejfary in Orchillia weed the tfying manufatiureii an&byreafin of tbrpresent hoftuities it can and Cobalt not it notv imported 'into this kingdom: direffly front the place of its e im growth, in ships navigated according to: the laws now in force, withe parent"*cut peat hazard and expense to the: importers thereof: And whereas hoftuitiei, in Cobalt is very imeffary in medicine and various manufactures, and Britlfh or Irish it is expedients at this time to encourage the importation thereof into vessel»°*" ibis kingdom; be it therefore further enacted by the authority withoutmy?* aforefadd. That from and after the twentieth day of July, one ing any duty, thoofand seven hundred and eighty*one, and during the.present

hostilities with Franco, Spain, and the United Provinces, or either oftfcem, it (halland<mayfbe lawful for any person or perfoos to import into any part of Great Britain any Orchillia weed and cmtr from any port or place whatfoqyer, in any Brittfbor Irish (hvp or vessel navigated according to law, or in any foreign ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or (late in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or fucccflbrs, navigated by foreign Teamen, without paying any: coftom or duty whatsoever for the same, so as a due entry be Bxft made thereof at the customhouse belonging to the port into which such Orchillia weed and Cobalt shall be imported, in the same manner and form as was used and pvaftifed before the making of this act, and so as the same shall be landed in the presence of the proper officer appointed, for that purpose, otherwise such orcbtlba weed and Cobalt shall be liable to the same duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as if this act bad not been made; any law, custom, or ufege, to the contrary notwithstandjng.

IV And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the sixth year Recital of € of the reign oft hit prefmt Mejesty intitnu4$ Ana for repealing Gco> 3» C 5*»

ccr

380 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 6a. [1787;

certain duties, in the British colonies and plantations, granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament upon certain east-india goods exported from Great Britain \ and for granting other duties indead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America; it is, amongst other things enabled, That all sugars, which hall be imported into Great Britain from any part of the British colonies or plantations on the continent of America, Shall be deemed and taken to be French sugars: And whereas the colonies of Demerary and eftequibo, on the continent if America, formerly under the dominion of the Jlates general of the United Provinces, have lately furrenaered to his Majesty's arms, and being now in his possession, it is reasonable and expedient, for the encouragement of the Jugar planters in those coionics, that sugars of the growth ana produce thereof Should be deemed British sugars $ it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fourteenth day of March) one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, all sugar, the growth and produce of the said colonies or Demerary and Effequibo, shall be deemed and taken to be British sugars, and flail and may be exported from thence, and imported into this kingdom, upon payment of the same duties, and upon exportation entitled to the lame drawback, as sugars the growth and produce of any British island in the West Indies; and shall in all respects be subject and liable to the same securities, certificates, rules, regulations, and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as sugars the growth and produce of the - British islands in the West Indies are subject and liable to by law;

fcny thing in the said recited act, or any other act or acts, to the ft contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

Naval officer, authority aforesaid, That until there shall be officers of his Zee. empower majesty's customs appointed for that purpose in the Oud coked to take fe nies of Demerary and ejfequibo, it shall and may be lawful for sest nava °cer> or any other officer appointed by the com cates, for such tnander in chief of his majesty's forces in America, or the com sugar, until manding officer of the troops at those colonies respectively, to

proper officers take such securities, and to grant such certificates and dear shall be ap.m# ances* as by any Jaw in force may be required for such sugar, pointed. which shall be as valid and effcftual, to au intents and purposes,

as those taken and granted in the like cases by his majesty's governors or the officers of his majesty's customs in America.

VI Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

Sugars may be authority aforesaid, That if any such sugars shall be imported imported from jnto Great Britain from Demerary or ejfequibo, or from any bri ^c^without a colony or plantation in America, without the certificate here eertificate, in before directed, and it shall be made appear, to the fatisfoc* provided no tion of the commissioners of his majesty's customs at London jliwas " or Edinburgh respectively, that such sugars are really and truly svment^f produce of Demerary or Ejfequibo, and that no fraud was in the ufuai du tended, it shall and may be lawful for the find respective com net

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C.63. 381

missioners to permit the said sugars to be entered, upon payment of the like duties as sugars of the growth and produce of the British islands in the West Indies are subject and liable to by law,

CAP. LXIII

An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which acts of insolvency produce to trade and credit, it may be convenient, in the present condition of the gaols in this kingdom, that some of the prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at liberty; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and

[Alphabetical lists to made out of prisoners in custody for debt on Jan. 1. 1781.]

after the passing of this act, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect list, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or persons who, upon the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, was or were, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such list shall be, really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, turn or sums of money, contempt, or otherwise;

[with the time when charged, and at whose suit.]

and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained;

[Lists to be delivered to the quarter sessions.]

and shall deliver the same to the justices of the peace, at their first or second general quarter session or general session of the peace to be held after the passing of this act, or at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively.

[Gaolers within London, &c., whose prisons were burnt or broken open between June 2 and 8 1780, and the prisoners set at large, are to make out and deliver like lists of prisoners who were then in their custody; ]

II. And be it further enacted, That every gaoler or keeper of any prison, within the city of London, and counties of Middlesex and Surrey, whose prison was burnt, destroyed, or broken open, between the second and the eighth days of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by diverse evil minded and disorderly persons, and from whence the prisoners then confined therein were set at large, is and are hereby required to make out a like true, exact, and perfect list of all and every the prisoner and prisoners who were so set at large, and who was or were in the custody of any gaoler or keeper of such prison, upon any process whatsoever for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, contempt, or otherwise; and, an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with

382 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C.63. [1781.

the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners was or were detained;

[distinguishing those who surrendered themselves, &c. befo Sep. 1, 1780.]

distinguishing which of the said prisoner surrendered or offered to surrender themselves, on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the gaoler or keeper of any prison from whence such person or persons was or were set at large as aforesaid; and shall deliver the same with the said list so directed to be made out and delivered as aforesaid.

[Warden of the Fleet, &c. to take an oath on delivering in lists.]

III And be it further enacted, That the warden of his majesty's prison of the Fleet, and marshal of the King's Bench prison, shall several ly, on the delivering in of any such list of prisoners in their respective custody, take an oath, in the open court of such general quarter session of the peace, or at some adjournment thereof, to the effect following; (that is to say),

**

[The oath.]

I AB. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, is fokmnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person or persons, whose name or names is or are inserted in the first part if the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, marked With the letter (B), was and were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, rtallf and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of

[insert the name of the prison], and ms or were set at large when the said prison was burnt down, destroytd, or broke open between the second and eighth days of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that such of tit said persons, whose names are infer ted or contained in the second port of the said list, now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid surrendered, or tendered themselves to surrender, on or before tbs frji day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at the re fpeftioe times therein mentioned; and that none of such persons fi fur rendered, or tendered, to my knowledge, or with my privity, volon tartly, or with defegn, or in expiation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered themselves, or were committed to the said prison, or get their names entered as prisoners in the books of the said prison.

All other

And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison or gaolers, on prisons, in any county, city, town, riding, division, place, or t^ihifts*to *ibcrty, all fevcrally, on the delivering in of any such list retake the fbl spectively, take an oath in the open court of the general quart lowing er session, or general session of the county, city, town, division, liberty, or place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such list, and swear to the effect following; (that is to say).

Oath, I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names are inserted or contained in the faf*part of the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were,

* to the best of my knowledge and belief upon the first day of January

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63;

one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, really and truly prisoners) in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of

at the suit or suits of the several persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said list now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said first day of January, one thousand/even hundred and eighty one, been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of

[if any such prisoner or prisoners hath or have, since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prison], at the suit or suits of the severed person or persons therein respectively mentioned, except [if any exception is necessary] such persons as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died been discharged9 or removed to same other prison by process of laew, or to have efcoped out of such prison9 without my privity, knowledge, or consent9 since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and that all and every of them whose name and names is and are contained in the first part of the said list (except as before excepted)9to the best of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in actual custody in the Paid gaol or prison of

ever since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred end eighty one, and that the said list is a true, exact, persect, and just tfi of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners9 in actual custody, in the said gaol or prison of

on the said first day of January, one thousand even hundred and eighty on e9 arid who since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, have been really and truly commit tedy or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of,

(except as before excepted to the best of my knowledge and belief; and that none of such j>rifoners9 to my knowledge or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with deftgn9 or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any act $fparliament to be made for relief of insolvent debt Or s9surrendered or been committed to the said prison of

or got hisy ber or their name or names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prison9 or, fence their commitment, have to my knowledge, or with my privity reftded out of the said prison of [if any have

so done, then add, except, ihferting their names.]

And every gaoler or keeper of any prison, within the city of London, and counties of Middlesex and surrey9 whose prifops were burpt down, destroyed, or broke open, as aforesaid, except the said marshal and warden, shall also, at the time when he delivers such list, as herein before directed, of the prisoners then set at large, take his corporal oath to the effect following, (that is to say),

Gaolers In London, C whose prisonnes were burnt or broke open (except, Sccy) rna 1, on delivering their lilts, take the following

I A. B.

3*4

Oath.

Oaths to be administered by the justices in court

and entered and subscribed at the bottom of the lists.

Lists to be kept by the clerk of the peace.

Three copies of lists to be fixed up in each prison, canno

vicesimo primo Georgii III c.63. [1781.

I A. B. upon my corporal oath in the presence of Almighty God, k solemnly five dr, profess, and declare, That all and every perfin and persons, whose name or names is or are infer ted and contained in the first part of the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, markei with the letter (B was and were, to the best of my knowledge ani belief really and truly prisoners in actual custody in the prison or gaol of [insert the name of the prison j, who was sr

were set at large when the said prison was burnt down destroytd* cr broke open, between the second and eighth days of June, one thouseni seven hundred and eighty, at the suit or suits of the several per Jon er persons therein r effectively mentioned 5 and aljo that such of the Jaii person sy whose names are infer ted or contained in the second part of the said list now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, did surrender or offer to surrender, before the first day of September, ont thousand seven hundred and eighty at the respective times therein mentioned; and that none of such persons so Jut rendered or offtrti to be surrendered, to my knowledge or with my privity voluntarily, or with design or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered themselves or were committed to the said prison or got their names entered as prisoners in the books of the said prison.

Which said respective oaths the said justices, at the first or second general quarter session or general session aforesaid, or at some adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open court: And the words of the said oath herein before directed to be taken by the said warden and marftial respectively, shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and fwom to by them respectively in open Court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every such gaoler or keeper respectively shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered by them respectively, jgmd shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in o^en court: And every such list which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this act, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in which any such list as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by aoy creditor or creditors, or prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or prison, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the first or second general quarter session or general session of the peace shall be held, after the passing of this act, for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol

i; 8k] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63.

or prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up in some conspicuous place or places, in every such prison, and at the most frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance into every such prison, three or more true copies of the list or lists propped or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper at the said general quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof.

V And be it further enabled, That all and every person and persons, whose debts respectively shall not amount, in the whole, to a greater sum than five hundred pounds, and whose name or persons insert names shall be inserted in any such list to be delivered in as afore ed in the lists, said, who were set at large, by and upon the burning, destroy who wen fct ing, or breaking open of the prisons aforesaid, and who surrendered,

or did surrender, before the first day of September, one thou wbo furrend (and, seven hundred and eighty; and all and every person and ered before persons, whose name or names shall be inserted in any such list, scp« *1 to be delivered in as aforesaid, who on the first day of January, C in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, were really and truly prisoners in the actual custody, and surrendered, or offered to surrender himself, herself, or themselves, as aforesaid, who, upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, were really and truly prisoners in the actual custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respectively of this kingdom, and did not come into, or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any.

gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some act for relief of insolvent debtors, and who shall take the oath herein after mentioned, and all perform, on his or her part, what is required to be done by an<j conform him or her by this act, shall be forever released and discharged ing to this act, and exonerated, in such manner as hereafter is provided. foall be dif

VI And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law charged, fol for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, up justices, on on the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice petition of or justices of the peace within his or their respective jurisdic any pri^n?r» tions, upon every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, and a fched at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the ju ule of his dice or justices of the peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true estate,

copy of the schedule, containing his or her intended difeoverv of his or her real and personai estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general quarter session next ensuing after every such petition, or some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, to require the sheriff or ^eri.ffs'ja°ler or gaolers, or keeper of any such prison within mayuruethek the junldidion of any such justice or justices, to bring before warrant for the justices at the first or second next general quarter session or bringing bins

fcneral session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be to the quarur eld, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of feflto0*! ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the body

o of

3*6

with the warrant of his detainer. See.

Schedule of the prisoner's eftatetobe transmitted to the clerk of the peace,

for inspection of creditors.

An y justice, omitting for ten days to transmit a copy of the schedule to the clerk of the peace, C Sail forfeit tol.

All perfom set at large as aforesaid, who would take the benefit of this must de liver to the clerk of the peace, C be nefore publication of the first notice, a fchedufe of tbtir'fcftate*

Anno vicesimo prime gfebrgii III C 6j. [1781.

of any person being in the fafd prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his pr her detainer together with a copy or copies of the caiife of callfes which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such gaol or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; which copy or copies of c^ufe or caufestuch 'prifotler shall apply to the said gaoler of keeper of such prison, or to the clerk of the papers, or other person who shall mate out and tranferibe the same, at lead six days before the time of his or her discharge; and such prisoner shall pay for the fauje the sum of two millings and no more, for makipg but, trans feribing, and signing the same; which warrant of every such justice Or justices, every such sheriff and sheriffs, gaoler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII And be it also enabled, That the copy of every schedule, which shall be left with any such justice or justices, Bull, within ten days after the same mall be so left, be transmitted, by the justice or justices with whom the same shall be so left, to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace for the county, tiding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall have beento left, there to remain and be infpedted, from time to time, as occasion shall require, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall desire to inspect the lame.

VIII And be it also enacted, That eveiy such justice or justices who shall refuse or omit, for the space of ten days, to transmit the copy of the schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall nave been so left, fell, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which (nail and may be sued for and recovered, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminjitr^ by atfion of debt, together with costs of Am, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the same; and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in fthich the offence shall be committed.

IX And be it further enaisted, That all and every person and person who were set at large, and surrendered or tendered them (elves to be surrendered, as aforesaid, and who shall be desirous of taking the benefit of this act, shall, before the publication of the first notice herein after required, deliver to the clerk of the peace, or person acting as clerk of the peace, or town clerk, or person acting as town clerk, for the county or city in which the prison is situated from whence such person or persons was or were set at large, or to which he of (he was surrendered or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid, a true copy of he schedule containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be fwom to at the first qr second general quarter sessions of the peace, or some adjourntijent thereof.

X And be it Further efiai&ed, That all and every debtor and debtors,

ljt!.] Anno vicesimo primo grboftaji III C 63. 387

debtor, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exone Debtor in rited under this act as aforesaid, shall first cause public notice ^oi^rthwr to be inserted in three several London Gazettes previous to such discharge, are general quarter feflton or general session, or the adjournment to give previ thereof, at which such application shall be made, if such debtor ous notice or debtors be confined in, or were set at large from, or surrendered or tendered to be surrendered to any gaol in London, or 1

within the weekly bills of mortality; and if such debtor shall be in custody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be foin custody; the name, trade, and occupation, and two last places of contentl^abode, if so many, of every such debtor and debtors, and the the notice, prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, or from whence he, she, or they were set at large, and to which he, she, or they surrendered or tendered to be lurrendetect, as aforesaid, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this act9and mentioning such notice in each Gazette or newspaper, to be the first, second, or third notice, acoording to the time of pub *adrtime'for lifting each of such notices 5 and for the inferring of each of inferring notu which said several notices in the said Gazette, or in any other ces. newspaper, there shall be paid each time, by every such prisoner, twopence, and no more: the first of which said notices shall be When notices so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other .newspapers, as to ** ""erud. the case may require, twenty-one days at least, and the last of the said notices six days at least, before any such first or second general quarter, session or, general feuion, or adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said debtor or debtors in custody as those creditors who have charged such debtor or debtors in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

XI And, to the intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the matters and things contained in the schedule or Jchedules intended to be delivered in by any Every 9ebtor debtor or debtors, be it further enabled, That every such debt to deliver a or, when he or she shall (according to the directions of this act) fchedu'e of his publish the first notice of an intention to take the benefit of cfta*c to th this act, he or she shall, in such notice, declare that the fched Ure the ule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and same in hi personal estate, (to be sworn to in manner as by this act direct first notice, te. d), is lodged in the hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of such gaoler or keeper, of the prison wherein any such debtor shall be confined, or from whence be or (he was set at large, and to which he or she was surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid; and every such debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or depnaty, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own christian and On negfed surname, to be attested by any such gaoler, keeper, or deputy; thereof, to be

, 388 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. [1781;

remanded and in case any debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such packtopnfon. fehedule.to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, prior to such hisfirst notice, to be given.as aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made of such neglect, to the fatisfedlion of the court to which such debtor shall make application, shall, if a orifoner, be remanded back to prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the directions aforesaid; and, if not a prisoner, he or she lose and forfeit the benefit of this act: And every such fignaturetohit gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is hereby directed and required toat fdiedule, and test the signature of the debtor's name to such schedule, and to give him ado receive the same into his custody and charge, giving a duplicate plicate there thereof to every such debtor, with an acknowledgement of his and atfo to having received the original, and he is hereby further required give a copy to to deliver a true copy of any such schedule, signed by himself, any creditor upon request made to him by any creditor for that purpose, in whorequefta writing; such copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to n' such personas he shall appoint to receive the same, within three

days after demand made, on payment for each schedule after the rate of (ixpence per sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for any less number of words and in case such creditor shall only search or examine such schedule.

.. such creditors shall pay for every such jfearch and examina gaoler, C tion, the sum of one shilling: And if any such gaoler, keeper, on rtegleft, to or deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the directions forfeit aol. hereby given him respecting such schedule, every such gaoler, keeper or deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to any person who shall sue for and recover the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at ivtftminjier, by action of debt

XII And be it further enabled, That the notices to be given by every debtor, in manner directed by this act, shall be to the effedk following*videlicet,

Form of debt T [insert the name, trade, occu

orsnjtice. pation, and two last places or abode, if so many] new cm

fined in, or set at large from, and surrendered, or tendered to be for rendered to, (as the case may be, J [insert the name of

the prison and county, ] and being not indebted in the whole too greater amount than to the sum of five hundred pounds do hereby give this public notice, being [insert the first, second or

third, as the case may be, ] that I do intend to take the benefit tf an act, passed in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled An act for the relief or insolvent debtors, and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases); [and if it be

the first notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that 0 true and perfect schedule, containing a diftovery of all my real andperson* al estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the same, in manner aforesaid, to the gaoler or keeper or bis deputy, of the said prison.

ly&t.j Artnd vicefim prirtio gfioftgu III C 63. $2$

And every such notice shall be (igned by the debtor, and court Notice to be terfigfted by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of such gaoler or f^rb^'he keeper, of such prison. '

XIII And be it further enacted, That every such debtor as aforesaid, not being indebted in the whole to a gfeafer amount than to the Aim of five hundred pounds, who shall apply to court, g, d the general quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, shall, in publication of case it shall be proved upon oath, or by producing the said three "otices P** Gazettes and newspapers before mentioned to the said justices, ed' "cat any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other newspapers where' required, in manner as herein before is directed; and that th person or persons so applying was or were, between the twenty-eighth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, set at large from, and before the first day of, one thousand

seven hundred and eighty, surrendered or offered to surrender, or whs or were actually a prisoner or prisoners, on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

one, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the list delivered in at any such first or second session, or any adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, in. pursuance of this act, shall, in open court, at the said general quarter session or general session, or any adjournment thereof, .... (ubfcribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or fchedulieofhi* her real estate, either in pofieflion, reversion, remainder, or ex estate, debt, pedancy; and aifo of the whole of his or her personal estate, fcc. which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seized of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his or her posies fion, at any time since his or her commitment to prison, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they refpell ively live, or may be met with, and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured; and if by mortgage, specialty, contrail, note, or other writing, then the name and names, and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contrails, (if there be any such), and shall also make oath and swear to the effelt following; (that is to say),

Id. B. upon yny corporal oath, in the pretence of Almighty God, Debtor's oath do filemnly swear, protest, and declarethat on the first day of delivering

January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, was really JJ}, *1* fthe "*

tmd truly a prisoner in toe aflual custody of in'

the prison or gaol of otthefuitof

Without any fraud or colhtfion whatfsever, or (as the case may be), that I was, without any fraud or eollu fion what [sever, really and truly a prijoher in the gaol or.prison of at the fust of >

at the time that the said gaol or prison was burnt down, destroyed, pr broke open, and that afterwards, and before the first day of September in that yoar, [ surrendered pr wassurrendered, or offered to -

i Pda

39°

Schedule and oath to be subscribed in

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. [1781.

render, or was offered te it surrendered, ta the keeper the aid prison a prifener; and that I was and in the custody of an officer, before the said frft day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, tn the or aflions tr

hits, in which 1 fur rendered, tr was emmitted as afortsaid, to the said gaol tr prison of and that / boxn,

ever finet my said fitrrender tr commitment, continued a priftner within the prison of in the actual ef

the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of tr

within the liberties thereof, at the suit of and

without any fraud or tolmfith whotsoever, or, (as the case shall be)

that J was set at large when the gaol tr prisonof was burnt down, defrayed, tr broke open, between the second and tie eighth days of June, one thousand even hundred and eighty, and afterwards, and before the first day of September, in that year, far rendered, tr offered to surrender, to the keeper or gaoler of the friftn, (as the case shall be), and that the fcbtdule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the beji of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, just, true, and perfect account and difctvery if all the goods, effefls, and estates, either in

fion, reversion, remainder, or expe&an which I, or any ptrfon in

trust for me, tr for my benefit or advantage, are seized or ptffejfed ef, interested in, or infilled to, or was or were in my possessm at any time since my commitment toprison; of all debts as are tome owing, or to any perftn or persons in true for me; and of all the ritics and contrails whereby any money now is, or will or may hereof ter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, tr to my use, or to any perftn or persons in for me; and the names end

plates of abode of the several persons from whom such debts ate doe and owing, and of the vntneffes that can prove such debts or controls,

[if any such there be]; and that neither I, nor any other ptrfon tr persons in trust for me, or for my use, have any lands, or any estate, real and perfenal, in poftffion, reversion, or remainder, or expeffatcy, other than what are in the said fthedule contained, except

wearing apparel, and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a sum of money not exceeding forty and theft in the

whole not exceeding the value of twenty pounds; and that I have not, I nor anybody for me hath, dtrcoly or sold, lejfened, tr

etherwife conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or any port ef my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, securities, contrails, or estate real or personal, whereby to feture the same, or to receive rt expttl any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defrand tr deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or west indebted in any wise bowsoever: And that I am indebted in the whole to

greater amount than to the sum of five hundred pounds.

So help me

And the said schedule and oath shall be, by every such debtor, subscribed in the presence of the justicesjn open session of the

peace,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.63. 391

peace, as hereby is directed; shall be kept by, and remain the court, and with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adfing [^e^erltfor as clerk of the peace for the county, city, liberty, division, town, thc exam, na or place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the tion of credit better information of all the creditors of such debtor, who shall on. desire, or may have occasion, to resort thereto; and every such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times, in the daytime, to peruse and examine the same.

XIV And be it further enacted. That the justices, within Court, at the their respective jurisdictions, at any such general quarter session, request of a or general session, or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor, may creditor or creditors of any such debtor, are hereby authorised to exam, n cause thc deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and King's on°oath. Bench prison, and any other under officer, ripftass, and turnkey,

of any gaol or prison, and any other person, to come before them, and to examine them respectively, on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this adfc to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which oath shall have been taken in open court, by any debtor or debtors, proved, "fhe shall not be disapproved by good testimony of any credible per «>urt it to dif son or persons, on oath, and such justices, or the major part of charge him, them, present at any such general quarter session, or general session, shall be satisfied with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective debtor, then such justices shall, in such session, or some adjournment thereof, adjudge such debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this act; and if such debtor or debtors shall be a prisoner or prisoners, shall command the said sheriff, or iherifts gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, forthwith to set at liberty such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one shilling foron paying his or their attendance with every such prisoner at such general a see of 1 /. quarter session, or general session, or any adjournment thereof, to the Gaoler) in order for his, heir, or their discharge, (and which eyery such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prisons, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such order): And every such order shall be a fuf wj, 0 be ficient discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or indemnified keeper of such prison or prisons, and shall indemnify him or for the efcap^. them against any escape or escapes, or adiion or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commeneed, or prosecuted against him or them.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Estate andes. That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such debt fell of the or, of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold and co prisoner, upon py as customaryhold, and to all the personal estate, debts, and n difchiige, effects, of every such debtor, shall, immediately after such ad c|erk of m judication, be, and the same is hereby vested in the clerk of the the peace, peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace

of and for the county, riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty,

or place, where any such debtor shall be respectively dif wboistomake

charged $ and every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or0*"*1***111*

D d 3 other totheassign*c*

m

flamed by the court j

for which he hall be paid

* f

Assignee im

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. f 178

other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby directed and Required to make an assignment and conveyance of every such debtor's estate and effects, verted in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said debtor, as theju ftices at any general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direct, (which assignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper damped); and to vest the estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the debtor had therein; and for the preparing, ingrofsing, and executing of which assignment and conveyance, no clerk of the peacey town clerk, or other officer aflingas clerk of the peace, Shall take any greater fee than two Shillings; and every such assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such debtor, in

respect or in proportion to their respective debts; and every per

povfcredtosue, son or persons to whom any such assignment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully impoweyed to sue, from time to time, as three may be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such debtor, and also to execute any trust uuft^fwwer 6r Power vested in, or created for thp use or benefit of any such for the prison debtor, but in trust for the benefit of him or themselves, and the er, fest of the creditors of every such debtor; and to give difipharge

and difpharges to any debtor or debtors of any such personas shall be requisite: And every such assignee or assignees shall, with all convenient speed, after his or their accepting any such assignment or conveyance, use his and their best endeavours to receive and get in the estate and effects of every such debtor; and shall with all convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such debtor, vested in such assignee or assignees; and if any such debtor shall be interested in, or entitled to, any real estate, either in pofleflipn, reyeifiort, or expectancy, the same, within the fpacc of two months after every such assignment and conveyance, shall be sold by public auction, in such manner, and 5t such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such debtor, who shall afleipble together on gny notice in writing pub jifhed in the London Gazette, or in fomp daily paper, if the debtor before his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then iq some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, dry, town, liberty, or placp, in which such debtor dwelled before fie or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his hand, or their hands, agree with pvery fych assignee or assignees^end of three

Assignee to get in the effects of the debtor, and fell the same;

and to sell within two months, the debtor real tjute, C

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63;

months at farthest, from the time of his or their accepting any in three such assignment or conveyance as aforesaid, (hail make a juftm0llt^il and fair dividend of all such debtor's estate and effects which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective debts; but before any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees first making shall make up an account of such debtor's estate, and make oath up their ac in writing, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of count, and the county, riding, division, town, liberty, or place, in which uwln oath any such debtor shall have been discharged, that every such ac^contains a just and fair account of the estate and effects of every such debtor got in by or for such aftignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly, and bona side, 5° day notice made and paid; and notice of the making of every such divi dend shall be published in like manner as a meeting of the ere dend'*8'*ditors is herein before directed to be published, thirty days at andnone to lead before the same shall be made; and no creditor shall be al receive any lowed to receive any share of such dividend, until he shall have share until made out the justness and identity of his respective debt by oath, tllcy have or due proof in writing before some such justice or justices: thclf if any creditor of such debtor shall be dissatisfied with the reality -. '...

or fairness of any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the to be exansn same, at the request of any such creditor or creditors so diflatis ed into and fied, shall be examined into by the justices of the county, rid determin€d.by iog, division, city, liberty, or place, in which such debtor shall thc court have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this act, at their next general quarter session, and what they shall there determine in the premises shall be conclusive to all parties:

And if, after payment of all such debtor's creditprs, there shall Surplus of the any of his estate and effects remain after payment of all reason debtor's eitate able charges, the same shall be paid to such debtor, his executors J ** P "d to or administrators.

XVI Andy to the intent that no loss may arise to any creditor or creditors from any neglect or omijfion in the schedule not containing the whole of the efiatty real or personaly belonging to any debtor who Shall apply for his or her dischargey under the authority of this act; be it enacted, That all the estate, whether real or personal. Creditors not which shall belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, to suffer from (he, or they, shall be actually possessed at the time of making such any omiqon schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be a part of the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted therein, and cate *

in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing as such, to all intents and pur

Eoses, as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and ad been delivered into the court according to the directions of this act. *

XVII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person '

holding any security whatsoever, for which the insolventplw "* never received any valuable consideration, shall be entitled to receive any benefit from his estate.

394 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C [1781*

On death or

XVIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of removal of the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, Of any clerk of pther officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, in whom dehfo^eitates le e^ate> right, title, interest, or trust, of any debtor or debt to become ors, shall have vested by the authority of this act; every such vefttd in their estate, right, title, interest, and trust, shall become vested in the successors. successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, respectively, as the case may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of this act.

Kofuitin XIX Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no suit equity to be in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignecs of commenced any such debtor's estate and effects, without the consent of the ftnt oif ma'o* major Part n va^uc °* le editors of such debtor, who shall ritv in vsueof mcct together pursuant to a notice to be given in the London creditors. gazettaor that purpose.

Clerk of the XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, peace to exhi That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer atfting bit to the ere as c]erk of the peace, of every respective county, city, and attorney, on county town, and county riding, division, cinque port, liberty, payment of is. and place, with whom any schedules of the estates of any infol the schedule vent debtor or debtors shall be left, and his successors, clerk of of any pnfon the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the er s e tate 1 peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and (hew, to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the daytime, the schedule of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predeceftor in that office; the person so requiring to see and peruse any such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the sum of one shilling tor his trouble in searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the Atteftedcopy same: and that a true copy of every such schedule, signed by the whereof <0 be clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk deemed legal of the peace, in whose custody the same shall be, or his deputy, eyi ence. purporting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stamped paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the (beet, (each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion tor a less number of words, ) hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal Clerk of the evidence of the same: and if any clerk of the peace, or his de peace refuting puty, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, to produce shall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or their copy thereof, attorney any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same Ice. 1 to be infpedted as aforesaid, in the daytime, on such payment

of

295

1781.5 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C

or tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ask or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for Jess than seventy two words in a sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requeued as aforesaid foto make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforesaid; for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which shall and shall forfeit may be sued for and recovered in any of his majesty's courts of 10i. and tre* record at fvejiminister, by action of debt, together with treble Wc costa 5 costs of suit, m the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same: and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, when northeast moiety to recovered, go to the party who prosecuted for the same, and the Pand the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the ofr other to the fence shall be committed. poor of the

XXI Provided always, and be it enacted. That before such pwifli. time as any afegnee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or Assignees of take any profit from, any copyhold or 9liftomary estate, ascopyholdor aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or efu^tat lords of the manor or manors of whom the same shall be hold compound en, for the payment of such fine or income as, upon any fur with the lord render and admission thereto, hath heretofore been moftufually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement gfi

or composition, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the thereupon, next court, or some subsequent court, which shall be held for the said manor or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or assignees tenant to such copyhold or customary premises, according to the custom of the said manor at manors of which the same shall be held, for and during such estate and interest as the said debtor had therein at the time of his or her being adjudged entitled to the benefit of this act, as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold or customary premises.

XXII Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall ex The debtor's tend to prejudice or affect any estate or interest, or right what right and in soever, of any other person or persons, other than the said debt terest. See. or, which may be expedant upon, or subject unto, the estate or

interest of the said debtor, hereby veiled in the said clerk of the y peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person or persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXIII Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority All mort

aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be confined gauges, ct Jo hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate uk P of such debtor or debtors, or any part thereof, to take place up n

on the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised in such inferior na mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any statute tuie. fiaple, statute roereliant, recognisance, or judgement, acknowledged by, or obtained against, any such debtor or debtors, to

take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such debtor or debtors; and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such statute or recognisance, or any writ or execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the he riff or proper officer, upon any such judgement before such discharge shall be"given in open session to any such personas aforesaid, the personal estate of every such debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, (latute, recognisance, or judgement respectively, in like manner as such mortgages and creditors, by statute, recognisance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such debtor and debtors respectively, if this act had not been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Power in XXIV And whereas many persons who may be entitled to, ani

k^i?r>)ands €^m benefit of this act, are seized and possessed of lands, tente. vffted in ment5* an hereditaments, to hold to such debtors for the term of their fdfignccs* natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving

small rents on such efiates, for one, two, or three lives, in pojjtf fion or reverfton, or for some number of years determinable upon lives, which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such debtors; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case, all and every the powers of leasing such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or shall be veiled in any such debtor or debtors, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such debtor by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such debtors as aforesaid.

The idling XXV And whereas in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the time of deli*°ffice f &ao^r or deeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by per wring the sins who never aft as gaolers or keepers themselves, or know anything

lists only of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons

Hehle to be under them as gaolers or keepers of such gaols or prisons; be it there tp0111* fore enacted, That, in every such case, the person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time of the delivering in the lists, hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol or prison, at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or Tome adjournment thereof, and not the principal goaj jer or keeper, (unless where such principal goaler or keeper shall act as gaoler or keeper himself)) take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

Court on re XXVI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That creditor, to*juces> at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or ad administeran journment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought in oath to the pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or credi gaoler. tors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his or her discharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the person

who

$97

tjiuj Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 6%.

who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such prison at the time of bringing up any such prisoner, in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to thd following efsect; is to say, )

I A. B. do swear, That^Was really and truly a T..

prisoner in my cujloiy, in the prison of to thet C 0. *

btjl of my knowledge and belief at or upon the first day of January, one thousand sevenbundred and eighty one; and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his [or her'] commitment on detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and produced

(o this court, is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to tbebejl of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputy gaoler if such person or keeper of any such gaol or prison, on the said first day of shall not hay January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, or since, been gaoler Shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, at the time any such list as fiuii'take the ttforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the justices, following at any such feilion, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective person or persons, who shall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such list as aforesaid, at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison, to the effect following; (that is to say, )

1a. B. do swear, That I have examined the commitments, or books kept of or concerning the commitment, of prisoners to the pri Oath. sin of in the [county, riding, division, city,

town, place, or liberty of as the case shall

be; ] and that I do verily believe that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpose: and by them it doth appear that was, on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of

the then gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person qr persons, to my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

CVII And, in order to discover any fraudulent entries or com Court at the nts of debtors in any gaol books, be it further enacted by the f

rif V That anv nran«rai AI nimvtat* or, waj

XXVII

mu mints oj- — — - - — — j o — -. — - I _ ^

authority aforesaid. That the justices, at any general or quarter futumon though session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby person who juthorifed, at the fequeft of any creditor or creditor of any atted at gaol

***xsti*

and examine him, on oath, C

Sheriff or gaoler, difo crying order of court, to forfeit iool. with treble coil.

398 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. [1781.

debtor, to convene before them, at some certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol orprison within their respective jurisdictions, on the said first day of january, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, or at any time since; and to examine every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such debtor, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before such justices, at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prisoner as shall be directed and required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being fumtnoned for that purpose; 6r if any gaoler or keeper attending shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the premises, as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending in the premises shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminller, together with treble costs of salt.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any gaoler of keeper of any prison, or his deputy or deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by the

......_ justices at some general quarter session or general session of the

regulations'of peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdic — tions, refuse or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any such general quarter session, or general feffioo, or some adjournment thereof, in order to his or her discharge, or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly Omit to insert, in any such list, the name or names of any such prisoner or prifooers who was or were actually in custody in his or their respective gaol or prison, on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; or who was let at large, or who was surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, as aforesaid; or shall neglelt or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lists as aforesaid; if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neg)ect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any account or pretence w hat soever take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein before allowed for his or her.attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the printer of the London Gazette, or other newspaper, as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this a dire&ea to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than twopence

ai

Gaoler, or printer of the Gazette, C not complying with the

this act, to forfeit tool, for each offence, with treble costs.

s99

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63.

as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such goaler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each debtor, in any such, case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds 5 which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of soit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (full be allowed.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaoler, don that if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any vided of per deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, shall, in taking of the ia, T aforementioned oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall ""

thereof be lawfully convicted, such goaier or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons, (over and above such penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury, ; shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds to be recovered, with full costs, by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Ma' jesty's courts of record at Wtftminstir, wherein no eftoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made, of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners; and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who shall sue for the said penalties; to be applied, one Application moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety ot the penalty towards iatisfadion of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.

XXX And be it further enacted. That if any clerk of the Clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as debtor a clerk of the peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such copy of hi debtor adjudged to be entitled to his discharge as aforesaid, di&harge, within fourteen days after such adjudication, a copy of the order or taking ert f adjudication, on the payment of two Shillings and sixpence y

or shall take more than the sum of two Shillings and sixpence 10|. to the for such, copy; or shall take more than one shilling for an af prisoner. fignment or conveyance of such debtor's estate or effects; such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, who shall so offend, and whd shall be convicted at any such general or quarter section of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, shall order and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, so offending

XXXI And be it further enacted'by the authority aforesaid

That

Debtor, C convicted of

Person discharged by this act, not liable to imprisonment for debt, C contra died be fort Jan, i, x7si.

But no prisoner to be discharged of debts subsequent thereto.

Justicet, See, ynay plead this act to any action brought against them, and recover treble toft.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III a63. [1781;

That if any debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the'benefit of this act, shall forswear and perjure himself, herself, or tfcca* (elyes, in any oath to be taken under this act, and shall belli fully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, ftuflk adjudged guilty of felony.

xxxil. And be it further enacted by the authority asordid, That no person entitled to the benefit of this act, shall, at ay time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or cree obtained for payment of money only, or for any desc bond, damages, contempts, cods, sum or sums of money, oak tracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due beforcir said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred at eighty one; but that upon every arrest upon every judgerav or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, cols, sum and Aims of money, it shall and may be lawful for anf; judge of the court where the process issued, or for any twoiam tiecs of the peace, upon shewing the copy of such order afat^ judication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of cumjr* such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, at the fine time, order the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such suit or suits, topif such prisoner or prisoners the cods he, she, or they shall bine incurred on such occasion, or so much thereof as to such jadgf or iudices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such jodp* is hereby empowered foto do on such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such aftkm at suit.

XXXIII And whereas, under former efts of this kind, hbt have arisen what was to be done with such prisoners who appbdf any session to be discharged who owed and food charged witbidt^ as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the respect'wedfy so remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the authority ate said, That no prisoner or prisoners shall be discharged of tff* debts subsequent to the first day of January, one thousand salt hundred and eighty one and if it shall appear to the jufiaeij* in any session or adjournment, that any prisoner or priibom?: then applying to them to be discharged, shall (land charged *: well with debts previous to as subsequent to the first dayof%«* nuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, that, inm cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for die justices to charge the person of such prisoner on account of all detofft* vious to the said first day of January, one thousand seven k dred and eighty one, and to remand him or her back to tk custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or LI was brought, for all debts with which he or she (lands ohajd with in bis custody, subsequent to the said first day of

pne thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afa said. That if any action of escape, or any ftiit or a&oa, be brought against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff,

er, or keeper of any prison, for performing their office, is ptf* fuance Of this act, they may plead the general issue, and gk

Ibis

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 6$. 40t

this act in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority afore Perrons dif laid, That if any Scire Facias, or action of debt, or upon judge char|cd may ment, shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, jjj?" et executors, or administrators, upon any judgement obtained an iaions or against any such prisoner, or on any statute or recognisance ac judgements knowledged by him or her, before the said first day of January, brought one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, ^with respect to

debtors set at large and surrendered, or tendering themselves as h, si, C aforesaid, or in actual custody, on the said first day of January, *1

one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, it shall be lawful for any such debtor, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such debtor was set at large, and surrendered or offered to surrender as aforesaid, was actually a prisoner in such prison at such a person's suit on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and was or were duly discharged according to this act, at the general quarter session or general session, or adjournment thereof, held ac such time and place, for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their case is, ) without pleading any matter specially; and in case any other suit &qd in other or action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum or sums of money, due before the said first day their

of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to persons from plead in discharge of his or her person from execution (over and execution, above such matters as aforesaid)) such debt or sum of money fas the case shall happen) was contrasted or due before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eight one, without pleading any other matter specially; whereto the Plaintiff may plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters reply general pleaded as aforesaid - reply any other matter or thing which may (hew the said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in case the defendant had pleaded this act, and his discharge, by virtue of this act, specially; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his ac butifnon tion, or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, ruitedi to pay the defendant to have treble costs. trebie cost

XXXVI Provided always, That nothing in this act contain Attornies or

ed shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge em

any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person or persons exacting,

or pretending to act as such, with regard to any debt eluded the be with which he or they shall (land charged for any money, or nefit of tbit other effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the *&

use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own use; to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any per ion or persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any

402 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. [17(1.

debt or demand with which he, she, or they shall stand charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effedis, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use, and on account of his, her, or their matter or matters, or employers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to hrs, her, or their own use; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing.

Per fom who, XXXVII And whereas many evil difpefed per sins, U fippert by false pre their prop gate way of Ufa have, by various jubtlcjlratagemsy threats, tcnc5#» |javc and devices, fraudulently obtained diverse sums of money, goods, warej, merchandizes, bonis, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other fiat c. excluded rities for money, to the great injury of industrious families, and to the the benefit of manifest prejudice of trade and credit; be it enacted, That no prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false pretence or pretences, shall have obtained, from any person or persons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other fecurites for money, shall hav or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but the justices, at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoners shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, mall remand such prisoner to the cuttody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; aay thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftaoding. wh ^f'?hm XXXVIII And whereas many debtors, for rents of lands, unfit six years shall aes' houses, or other premisis, have, with a fraudulent intent to difi have fraudu appoint the right of their respective landlords, removed the flock, temly remot cattle, furniture, goods, or other iff efts, which were subjefl and liakle 'k*/ur' to he difl rained for the fatisfaflion of the said rents; be it enacted fiablctto be by authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners, who, distrained for in a secret, clandestine, or fraudulent manner, shall have remov fern, shall be ed, or caused to be removed, within six years before the patting thk^6c<*by l^*s a any cathe, furniture, goods, or effects, of

the value of fifty pounds, or upwards which were subje&aod liable to be dittrained by their respective landlords, for or in payment of such rent or rents, whereby such landlord or landlords shall have lott all or some part of the rent or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or uoder this abut, shall, on due proof of the matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner herein before mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Any person XXXIX And whereas many debtors have»with a view to depart

bating sold or their creditors, sold, transferred, conveyed, or assignei, their tfleu afflgned any anj effefls to some person or per sins, subsequent to their being in eufloij eftateoref saw or tmprifinei under some proofs for debt: and wberm fefts, after be fitch file, transfer, conveyance, or afiignumt, has been frequently mode, ing in custody to the infinite prejudice of the fair and honest creditor, though fuffid* j to proof could not be obtained to convifi the party of a fraudulent it

credits, fisn\^LX enacted That whenever it shall be proved, by one shall lose'the or more credible witness or witnesses, to the fatisjadion of the benefit of this court, to which any prisoner shall be brought up, in order to aa. obtaia

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii ITI. C 63. 403

obtain his or her discharge, that such prisoner has sold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned*any person or persons, all or any part of his estate or effects, subsequent to the time of his imprisonment, or of his being in custody of law, without just cause for so doing, to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid j every such debtor shall lose all the benefits and advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the authority of this at, and shall not be entitled to his or her discharge; and every such sale, transfer, conveyance, or assign rtient, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gaoler to per that every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall, and is hereby m t the speak required to fusses, in the daytime, any person or persons, desiring the fa trie, to see and speak, in the lodge, or some conveni whole namva ent room in the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, are inserted in fchofes tiame are inserted in the aforementioned list or lists, the lilt, or or London Gazette, or other newspapers, or any of them, Gazcttc# dr any persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this act; and also see, in the true and genuine books of the said pri andtheexa* Tonne, the entries made of the name or names of such prisoner mining origi or prisoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names nal ho°l« ofc of the person or persons at whose suit or suits he, she, or they, entre care or were detained: and if any such gaolet* or keeper shall on Penalty of neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every such gaoler oi keeper, who shall so offend in the pre 0 m*mises, shall forfeit artd pay, to the person so refafed and aggrieved, the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs or fuir, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the Courts at lfastminster% wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, of mote than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in (he name or names of the person or persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLI Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by discharge#f an adjudication by force of this act, no other person or persons debtor no ac who was or were pattrter or partners in trade with any such debtor at the time of such adjudication, or then (food bound, furctnie«. engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any fach debtor, or engaged in any contract together with any such debtor, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand $ but every such other person and persons shall several ly stand and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contrails, in like manner as if no such adjudication had been made. ^

XLII And be it further enacted. That if any gaoler or keep Oaoler maker, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, shall Jj|£

toake, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book or book^ift?11 books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of which to foifeit 5001, he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be pre ri trcbl« pared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or cort1, untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any hft, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person

^04 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C [ if

or persons who as not set at large, or surrendered, or tendered to be surrendered, or in actual custody as aforesaid, (except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted, ) every such gaoler or keeper, qr deputed gaoler or keeper, (nail, over and above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay t .e sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action df debt bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Debtor recti XLIII And be it further enacted, That if any debtor, brine tht&bod']*rt t*lcrcunt0 required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and See. of the' declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or last place of port on at abode, of the person or persons at whose suit he or Ihe is or was

who luit he detained br charged in custody; or, if any prisoner being called detained, fors and defited by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined, without some reasonable cause being made appear to the to he excluded contrary; every such debtor, upon proof being made thereof be the benefit of fore the justices at any general or quarter session of the peace, or thiiaft. any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstandingfc

Justices may

XLIV And whereas there is but one common or county goal for affcmble at or each of the rejpeflive counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and near any Durham, which said counties are each of them divided into feve and^old*0^ ra rt^n& or divisions, all which have several commissions of the fwfionthere Peace*Qn^ lfttje sao^rs f thofi gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, for discharge prisoners therein, to the quarter session of each riding or divifmy the of prisoners. same will be a very great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the prisonersy in tboje large counties; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divisions in the respective counties, (or any other county or counties where the prisons are at a distance from the place where the sessions are held, ) at the common or county goal thereof respectively, or at some Convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold session there, by adjournment from their respective quarter session, from time to time, for. the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

The justice

XLV And whereas the division or diftrifl of Holland in thefaii jjiouand in county f Lincoln, is dijiant near forty miles from the said countj lincojnshire, gaoly and is highly inconvenient and expenfiye for the justices of the may adjourn peace a sling for the said division to bo obliged to travel to the faii to the county &aoi9 jcr purp0fe of dtjehargitig the prisoners under the powers

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III [405

by this act given; be it therefore enacted, That, for the several g^01, See. for purposes aforesaid, the justices for the said divition or district of discharging Holland may adjourn their original sessions to the county gaol prisoner. or some place near thereunto; and that, it may and shall be Jaw full for any two justices of the peace, acting either for the parts of Lindfty, Kejhvei of Holland, to hold such adjourned sessions for the foie purpose of discharging such prisoners; notice of the adjournment of such original session being given by the clerk of sessions to such justices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court, so far as the same relate, to, oraffeft the discharge of any prisoner detained for debt in the divigon of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this act.

XL VI And whereas the next general quarter sessions of the peace Justices for for the county of Surrey, which J, hall happen after the parting of this s^rcou^ mast, may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of femblet^hv the said prisons \ it therefore enacted by the authority afore townhall of said, That it shall and may be lawful for such juftieps as shall be Southwark w assembled at the general quarter session of the peace to be held £crl

for the county of Surrey, next after the passing of this act, and oa c'

they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said session to the townhall in the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this act, by the several gaolers within the said county, and for the discharge of prisoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XLVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Prifoneri who That all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before the said first day. of January, one thousand seven hundred and payment of eighty one, in any of the gaols in this kingdom, and now re to be

main there for not paying their sees, rents, or other demands diicbarged. due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prison re (pcftively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

XLVIII Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled This act not by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall not extend, or be to extend to construed to extend, to discharge any person seeking the benefit dtbtors to of this act, with tefpeft to any debt or penalty with which he cr0wi1, or (he shall (land charged at the suit of the crown, or at the suit of any sheriff or other public officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any act or acts of parliament relative to his majesty's revenues of customs, excise, or salt duties, or jeilher of them.

XLIX And whereas, under former acts9 creditors have been put determinati to great expenses and trouble in attending every session and adjourn onu* iufl!cef mrs, during the wbolt continuance of the act, to oppose the discharge of debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the said respective to the retvo* Affc, but who after having been before one session heard, and nfufed bon of any discharge 1 to barrafs their creditors, cotfiantly gave fresh notices for debtor; each fubfeqmnt ftffm and adjournment of their intended application to

E e z

be

4^6

unlefi the debtor get rid of the objections for which they refused his discharge. Justicet, on proof by two witnefies of objections being removed, C may dist barge such piifoner.

Creditor irt* tending to oppose the discharge of a prisoner, to

five him four ays notice thereof

or pay the ex .peaces of his 'application, C

Per Tonnes seized of an estate tail, ciaiming the benefit of this a, are to deliver up the same to Creditors.

Ahno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. [ 178 r,

he dijcharged\ to remedy which, be it further enacted by that authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the detenni* nation of the justices in session or adjournment shall be final to all intents and purposes unless the debtor shall, during the continuance of this act, get rid of the objection of objections fof which they refused his discharge; and, that the same may be clear and certain the justicefc are heteby required to state the objections why such debtor's discharge is refused by them; and, in all cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices, at any subsequent session or adjournment upon application from the prisoner upon dub proof bn oath made to thein, by two or more credible witnestes, (which oath they are hereby empowered to administer)) each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice served, at lead ten days [Previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in manner before directed by this act, to order futh prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of opinion the said debtor is entitled to the benefit of this ast, to adjudge him or her entitled to the benefit of this act, and if a prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he dr (he taking the oath, and in all other respects conforming to the directions of this act.

L Provided always, and it is hereby further ehacted, That When any creditor shall intend to oppose the discharge of any debtor, with whose debt he is or was charged in custody, at the first quarter sessions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four days notice of his intention to oppose such discharge to the prisoner, or to leave such notice in writing with the keeper or gaoler of such prison, in order that such prisoner may be prepared to make his defence; and in case no such notice shall be given as aforesaid, previous to such quarter sessions, or such adjournment thereof, and such creditor shall appear to oppose his or her discharge, and it (lull happen that the prisoner is remanded, then such creditor shall pay to such debtor the expenses of his application and attendance, in any sum not exceeding ten pounds, as the justices at such sessions shall direct and allow.

LI And whereas it may happen that several persons, tube may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this act, are seized of an eflett tail, in some freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expeftant, they have, ty law, power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by furrendtr or sit renders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the pit ment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms ofjbis oft, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai in every such case, such person or persons so leifed as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to, and claim the benefit of this a, shall, to all intents and purports whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared

1781, ] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii Hi. C 63. 407

to he feifcd of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments la fee: provided the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prifpner, it tie same manner as if such person or persons had adiually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furreiider or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifcd in fee; any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwitlw (landing.

Lll. And whereas many persons who may take the benefit of this Afligneesmay a, may be entitled to sundry and great debts and demands, of various app*y fr fui and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of estate?, subject and liable to mortgages, judgements, and other ors, touching encumbrances, or to reverfeons, remainders, or other contingent efiates thedifcovtry in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trusts or tnterefls in of their effects j (fates, both real and personal, which may not befufficiently described or discovered in the schedule, or inventory, before diruled to be delivered in, upon oath, as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or affijl me to adjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors, or any other person or persons duly authorised by them for that purpose, front time to time, to apply to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding division, city, town, place, or lir berty, where such person or persons shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such person or persons may be further fcxamin ed as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their ef.. fate or effects; whereupon such justices shall send for or call bean fore them, such person or persons, by such warrant, summons examine ways, or means, as they shall think (it; and upon such person's them accord appearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon oath ingly*as otherwise, as to such matters and things, as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate and effects of such person qr persons; if any person or persons (on payment or tender of pcrf°ns repayment of such reasonable charges as such justices shall judge or intwer^p*fumcient) shall neglect or refuse to come and appear, not having on oath, may a lawful excuse, to be made known to such justices, and by be committed them allowed, or, being come before them, shall refiife to be sworn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects, so veiled, or intended to be veiled, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer act tng as clerk of the peace, or in such afiignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and Teals, to apprehend such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there tq remain, without bail or main prize, until such time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her,

I or themselves, to such justices, and answer upon oath, to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices, be put to him, her, pr them, for the purposes aforesaid.

. ''$ e 3 LIII And

408 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.63. [ 178 ro

percent. LIU And be it further enacted by the authority aforef?id^ allowed for That all and every such person ajid persons, who shall, within discovering, twelve months aftef the discharge of such debtor or debtors, months^any0 voluntarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such pari of ardeb debtor or debtors real or personal estate, as shall not be comprif tor's estate ed in such schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, not comprised (hau be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out jjjijjj* fchc' of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate which shall be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid, tq such person or persons so discovering the same, by the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate and effects.

Discharge ob LIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That notvvith tained fraudu standing the discharge of any debtor or debtors by virtue of this lem y, voi. hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently,

or that any part of the oath taken by any such debtor was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void, and of none effedh Persons con LV And, for the better discovery of the ejiate and effeth of any, ccaling any debtor ipbo Shall be discharged by virtue of this at, be it enacted by ic^tofthe the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall debtor, for have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilfully conceal feit tool, and or protedf any estate, real or personal, of any such debtor, from double value, his creditors, and shall not, within thirty days after any assignee costs of suit or agnc€s in pursuance of this act, be chose of any such prisoner's estate, discover and disclose to such assignee or assignees such trust and estate, in writing, and deliver up or make Qver the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and ^lfo double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner; to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate together with treble costs of suit.

Affigneei,

LVI. An be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the majo That lt shall he lawful, at all times hereafter, for any rity in value assignee or. assignees of the estate or effects of any debtor or of the credi debtors who shall be chose in pursuance of this act, by and with compound for e0qfent of the major part in value of such person or persons debu°due to creditors, who shall be present at a meeting to be held, on the debtor's twenty-one days public notice being previously given, for the ettatej purpose hereafter ipentioned, in the London Gazette, if the debtor was in custody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then also in some newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol to make cotripofition with any person or persons debtors or accountants to such debtor or debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or rca aiid my fob fonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt, as pute^ating can upon such'coroposition, be gotten, in full discharge of such thereroto ar debts and accounts, apd also to submit any difference or dispute hiiration. between such assignee or assignees, and any person or persons,

II Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. 409

for or on account, or by reason or means of any'matter, cause, or thing relating to such debtor or debtors estate and effects, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to pr from such debtor or debtors, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be phofen by the said afiignee or assignees, and the major part in value of such creditors, and the party or parties V %

with whom they shall have no difference; and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwifp to settle and agree the matters in difference pr dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and caq agree; and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such debtor or debtors; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premises,

n purfuanc$ of this act.

LVII And whereas provlfion ought to be made as to what Jbou'd if afiignee* die become of the ejlate and effects of any debtor or. debtors, not got in, ob before the et tained, or recovered) by any ajjignee or assignees ch'ofe pursuant to the fctfs of the*directions of the several acts, at the time of his or their death or deaths, and whose heir or heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, refused fheihteh s, to act or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it enacted, That C refute to in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the credi aft, other ai'w tors of every such debtor or debtors to choose a new assignee or fignc5*l°bo assignees in manner and form as herein before is directed, and tq app0mllc*pbtain a new alignment from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, and creditors pursuant to the order of the jjustices, and which said order the to obtain a said justices are hereby required and empowered to direst, (on from the due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such clerk of the former assignee or assignees, and refusal of his or their heirs, ex peace, which ecutors, administrators, or assigns, to act or meddle therein.; ) the justices and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or are other officer acting as clerk of the peace, are hereby imppwered sa*roobrv to obey the same, and execute such assignment accordingly, in he order, as planner and form as if no former assignment had ever been if noafliert* made; the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, or his men t had been deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, roa. hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by this act relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this act, for difobediepce in any part thereof, or neg jest of duty whatever; and in case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall refuse to act, that then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or assignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this act; and the said jpftices shall have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of iuch assignee or assignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and effiefts as shall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

irvui, And to tie intent and purpose that tit tfiato and ffftfts

£ e 4 of

4to Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. [178l

Assignees of such debtor or debtors as Shall be discharged by virtue of this act.

complained mgy be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their

?&.ai2.ft/or real creditors, be it enacsled by the authority aforesaid, That it

^ shall an may be lawful to and for the respective courts at west management, tninjler, and the courts of great sessions in lvales> and the princi or ther mif pafity of Chester, and the counties palatine of Lancajhr and dirr behaviour; ham, refpe<stive|y, from whence any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or were committed; or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of king's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sessions aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of aqy such debtor, or the creditor or creditors of such debtor, complaining of any inefficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or efforts of any such debtor or debtors, to summon all parties concerned, the court anc upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and thereuppn is give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal to summon or displacing such assignee or assignees, and appointing any new the parties, assignee or assignees in the place or stead of such assignee or ordemherein assignees foto be removed or displaced, or tor the piudent, just, as they shall or equitable management or distribution of the estate and efforts think flu of any fuph debtor for the benefit of the refpedrive creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or efforts of such debtor or debtors shall, from thenceforth, bp diverted out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same yvere before vested in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding

_ Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority

tuauredithas aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given been given, between any debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this the balance to art, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corpo jale fore thg delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effetfts of such debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforesaid, the refpeertive assignee or assignees of such debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their parts, to state and allow an account between them and the other

be ftatrd and allowed

party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a<rting as clerk, of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a ing as clerk of the peace, as the eftatp or effects of such debtor or debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them refpetrtively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly ftited.

LX And whereas many persons are often committed on attadb meats fox contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 63. 411

submissions to, arbitrators by rules of court, or under submissions to ar Persons com bitration bonds, and which fubmijfions have been made rules of court, IP, tl5c* for n in pursuance of an act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the Third, for determining differences by arbitration; der fubroii and liiewife for not paying of tops duly and regularly taxed and al fions to arbu lowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that pur trat, on $ %

pose 5 and also upon any writ of Excommunitato Capiendo, ^rand/ornot other process for, or grounded on, the nonpayment of cojls or expenses ^*ying coft#t in any cause or proceeding in any ecclejiafical court, or for any contempt to suchcourt, it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such are entitled to persons are and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, on lh? benefit of and subject to the same terms and conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

LXI And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and Prisoners up ttre now imprisonedfor debt, upon proceffts issuing out of courts ofon pr?ccft conscience; it is hereby enacted and declared. That all such pri of omfcience loners shall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and be to have the # discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they, conform to benefit of this the directions herein before prescribed, touching other prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this act.

LXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Quaker af in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the solemn affirmation of any person, being a quaker, shall and. may be ao jjeu of^cepted and taken in lieu thereof; and evety person making such oath, affirmation, who shall be convidcd of wilful and false affirming,

shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXIII Provided always, and bait further enacted by the au Persons who thoity aforesaid, That no person who shall have taken the bene have taken the fit of any ad heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent debtors, within the space of ten years last past, and who by the justices within^m of the peace at their general quarter session, or an adjournment years, C ex thereof, shall be deemed fit and able to serve his Majesty at sea, eluded from or in his land foroes, shall have or receive any benefit or advan this tage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; anything herein before contained to the contrary not withftandjng; unless such person shall be willing to serve, and exception, shall actually enter himself to serve on board some one of his majesty's ships of war for the term of seven years, or shall enlist as a soldier in some of his majesty's land forces for the term of three years.

[Debtors who have taken such benefit, and shall apply for discharge under this act, to produce to the court a certificate, signed]

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any debtor, who may have taken the benefit of any insolvent act within the space of ten years last past shall under this act apply for his discharge, every such debtor shall produce to the court (to which he shall make application for such discharge) a certificate in writing, signed by an officer properly authorised to engage or enlist men for his majesty's sea or land service [as the case may be, ] setting forth that he was on the day of [insert

412 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C [1781.

[by a proper officer, setting forth that they are inlisted to serve his Majesty, &c.]

the date] engaged or enlisted [as the case maybe] to serve as a mariner or soldier in his majesty's sea or land service for the term of which certificate shall be attested by one or more credible witness or witnesses; and in case such certificate shall not be produced, or shall not be property authenticated in manner aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the justices before whom any such debtor shall be brought, or come, he shall, if a prisoner, be remanded back to the prison from whence he came, there to remain until he shall have fully complied with the directions aforesaid, or shall by othor legal means sooner obtain his discharge.

[No person who hath been tendered to be surrendered in discharge of bail, in pursuance of 20 Geo. 3, cap. 64; ]

LXV Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person who hath been tendered to be surrendered in discharge of his or her bail, in pursuance of a certain act of parliament, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surry, and the city London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections and also in pursuance of a certain act of parliament, made in this present session

[or 21 Geo. 3, cap. 1; ]

of parliament, intituled, An act to extend the provisions, contained in an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to prevent any mischief or inconvenience which may arise to sheriffs, gaolers, suitors, prisoners, or others, by the prisoners in several gaols in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the city of London, having been set at liberty during the late tumults and insurrections, to persons arrested and bailed since the destruction of the gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other prisons substituted in lieu thereof;

[shall, on that account, be deemed to be in actual custody.]

shall, on account thereof, be deemed or taken to be a perfson in actual custody within the true intent and meaning of this act; the said recited act, or anything therein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[This act not to extend to Scotland.]

LXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland

CAP. LXIV

An act to rectify a mistake in an act, made in this prfent feffmrf parliament, intituled, An act for repealing the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts, in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the comoiif fioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centm upon the duties of excise imppfed by the said act.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 64; 413

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in this present session of parliament, (entitled, An act for repealing the duties payable Recjtal of upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain cap, 55> Of inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better thepreipot and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioner of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brevv r ers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act made in this prefont session of parlia*raent, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise imposed by the said act; -) it is, among other things, decured and tnacted, That all judgements of the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace within (heir respectiyejurijdiftions, for the condemnation of any commodities, goods, or effects, seized as forfeited under the said recited, or any other act or acts cf parliament relating to the duties of excise, or other duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, Shall be, and Shall be deemed and taken to be, as final and conelusive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as any judgement for the condemnation of any commodities goods, or effects? given in his Majejlf s court of exchequer: and H is thereby further provided, enabled, and declared, Thai such judgements of the commissioners of excise and justices of the peace respectively, ball be subjectand liable to, appeal in nil cases in which any appeal is, by any a or alls of parliament, given or allowed: and whereas diverse importers 0/ spirituous liquors, distiliers, reftifiers, compounders, and tea dealers on behalf of themselves and others, mo be nineteenth day of'june, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, wbilfi the said reeited aft was depending in the houe of commons, did petition the said bouft against the said clauses, (amongst other things, ) and praying that they might be heard by thetr counsel against the same; and leave was accordingly given by the feud hmfe for the petitioners to be heard against the said clauses, upon the report of the said act: and whereas it was intended to leave out the said clauses, in order that the force and effect of the said judgements of com miyioners of excise, and justices of the peace, might be tried and deter mined in a due course of law; but the said clauses were by mistake continued, and stand part of the said act; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament alsembled, and by the authority of the pai!t same. That the said recited clauses shall be, and the lame are j^pcakd, hereby repealed and made void to all intents and purposes p*whatsoever.

4h

Preamble.

Recital of >7 Geo. 2, up. 17»

Anno viccflmo primo Georgii III c.65. [i; 8r,

CAP. LXV

An act for the ftabli/bing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the public, in full discharge and satisfaction of all claims and demands of the public front the time the bond debt of the foetid company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and alsofor securing to the public in respect thereof for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the said company \ find for granting to the said company, for a further. term, the foie and exclusive trade to and from the East Indies, and limits therein mentioned; and for establififtng certain regulations far the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the sail company.

WHEREAS by an eft made in the seventeenth year of the reign XV of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, Ao act for granting to his Majesty the surplus or remainder of the moneys arisen, or to arise, by the duties, on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of the last session of parliament; and forex plaining and amending the said at, in relation to the retailers of Cuch liquors, and for establishing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the Baste Infos, ) it was among other things, enacted, That the united company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies should, subject to the proviso or determination therein after contained, have, use, and enjoj, and should continue to have, use, and enjoy, the whole foie, and exclusive trade and traffic, and the only liberty, use, and privilege of tracting, traffieking, or uftng or exercising the trade or business of merchandise in, to, and from the East Indies, and from all the iflonds, ports, havens, coasts, cities, towns, and places between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan; and limits, in an act mode in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, or in a charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial a manner as the said company could thereby or otherwise lawfully trade thereto, with Jkcb prohibition to all other his Myeftfs fubjtfts to trade thereto, and under such penalties and forfeitures, «in the said act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second; and by the said lai mentioned e it was provided and enacted. That, at any time, upon three yean notice to be given by parliament after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and. eighty, upon the expiration of the said three years, and repayment to the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors of the

*781.3 Annb vicesimo prtmogeorgh III c.65. 41

capital stock* debtor sum of four millions two hundred thousand sounds in the said at mentioned and all arrears of annuity payable in respect thereof in safe the Jame ftmld not have before been repaid, then, and from thenceforth and not before or sooner the said right title and intereji, of the said united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to the whole foie and extluftve trade ta the East Indies, and parts aforesaid Should cease arid determine: and whereas, on the fraenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty notice was given to the said united company, pursuant to the potiver reserved in the said recited act for that purpose that the capitalflock* debtor sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds and all arrears of annuity in respect thereof '* due from the public to the said united Company would be redeemed and paid off on ihb tenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty^three: and whereas by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his frefent Majesty, (entitled, An act for establishing an 7 Geo* 5, agreement for the payment of the annual sum of four hundred cap 57. thousand pounds, for a limited time, by the East India company, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, ) it was directed That the Jdid united company ahi their fuccejjors* should advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, sot his Majeflfs uft, the sum of four hundred thousand pounds per annum, for and during the term of two years, to be computed from the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven by half yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds each at or before fiuch times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enacted and declared That all the territorial acqhifitions and revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies

Should remain in pofjession of the said united company and their fuccejfo ors during the said term of two years to be computed from the said ftrft day February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven:

and whereas by an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty (entitled An act for carrying into execution cer9Geo. tain proposals made by the east-india company for the payment cap. of the annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limit ad time, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, ) it was directed Thai the said incited company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors should advance and pay into the receipt of his ma fifty exchequer for his Majesty's use the sum of four hundred thousand pounds per annum, for and during the term of five years to be computed from the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine at or before fitch times as are therein limited; and it was thereby enacted and declared That ell the territoi ial acquisitions and revenues (in the said recited act before mentioned) lately obtained in the East Indies, should remain in possession of the said united company, and their successors, during the [aid term of five years: anj whereas by an act made in the thirteenth'year of the feign of his present Majesty (entitled An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money, to be raised by exchequer bills; and to be advanced Cap, e and applied, in the manner and upon the term thereintnentioned,

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. [1781.

for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies), it is, amortgfl other things recited. That the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies did then labour, and had for sometime pad laboured under great and unusual difficulties in carrying on of their affairs, from which it greatly imported the public, as well as the said united company, that they Should, as fpeedilj as possible, be relieved \ and, by the said act, provision was made for advancing to the said united company, by way of loan from the public, the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds: and it ivas by the said act also recited. That, in the then circumjlantes of the east-india company, it would not he in their power to provide for the repayment of fu ch loan, and for establishing their affairs upon a more secure foundation for the time to come, unless the public Should agree to forego for the present as participation in the profits arising from the territorial acqwfitions tad revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, in order that provision U made by parliament for applying as well the whole of the profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, as well as the revenue and profits of the company, after providing for certain necessary payments and deductions to be *nade thereout, to the repayment of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, and to the reduction of the company's bond debt: and by the said it was enacted. That, until the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds Should have been repaid, and the bond debt of the said company be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thou jand pounds, the whole dear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues after defraying the charges and expenus attending the same, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of intertft, and other outgoings, charges, and expenses of the said company, jhm from time to time be difpojed of and applied in manner following, that is to say), until the whole of the money, so advanced and applied as afore said, Should have been repaid, it Should and might he lawful, out of the said clear revenues and profits, to set apart and apply, in the first place, such sum as might be fujficietit for answering 0 dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of six pounds per centum per annum upon the capital flock of the said company \ and all the surplus of the said clear revenues and profits Should be applied in diminution of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, or such part thereof as fiould be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charges incurred inrefpe# thereof j and after the repayment of the whole of the money so advanced and applied as aforesaid, and until the bond debt of the said company Should be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, it Should and might be lawful, . in like manner, to set apart and apply in the first place out of the said clear revenuei and profits, such sym as might be sufficient for.answering a dividend not exceeding the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum upon the capital Jtock of tba said company, after which, all the surplus of the said clear revenues and profits Should be applied in reducing the bond debt of the said company: and whereatr* by a certain other act of parliament.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. 417

mtnt* made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty

(entitled, An act for continuing in the possession of the united *9 Geo« U company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies C 615 for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies and for continuing, for a limited time, so mudh of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for establishing certain regulations for the better man *

of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire in the course of the present year), it is amongst other things recited That the said sum of one million fdkr hundred thousand pounds had been repaid and fully discharged* and all the charges incurred in respect thereof had been defrayed and the bond debt of the said company had been reduced to or under the sum f one million five hundred thousand pounds whereby the circumstances in consideration whereof it was in the aforesaid act declared that the public should agree to forego, for the then present time all participation in the profit ariftng from the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, have ceased and are determined; but whereas notwithstanding it might be expedient that the aforesaid territorial acquisitions and revenues should for a limited time and under certain conditions and restrictions* remain in the pof fiffton of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies: and by the said recited act it was enacted That all the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies fboultf remain in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their successors, for and during the term of one year to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and jruenty nine: and it was also, by the said last recited a51* further provided and enafttd, That for and during the said term, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues after defraying the charges and expetices attending the same together*with all the clear revenue and profits of the said company after providing for the current payments of interest* and other outgoings charges and expenses of the said company should be disposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say it should and might be lawful, out of the said clear revenues and profits to fist apart and apply in the first place such sum as might be Jufficient for answering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of tight pounds per centum per annum upon the capital flock of the said company; after which the whole, surplus of the said clear revenues and profits should be referred and await any future agreement that might be made between the public and the said company: and whereas by a certain other act of parlia so Geo. 3, C mtnt*passed in thje twentieth year of the reign of his present Majef 56* ty* (entitled, An act for continuing in the possession of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies for a further time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies $ and for reviving, and continuing for a further time, so

a much

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. [1781,

much of an at, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An dfl for ejiablifhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe, as hath expired in the course of the present year; and for indemnifying the said company for any money they have paid, or may pay, in or about the building of three ships of the line for the service of the public); it is enafled> That all the said territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the Baste Indies should remain in thepossessiori of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their fuc cejfors, for and during the further term of one year, to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one iboufoni ( seven hundred and eighty, upon the same conditioni and rtflriftions as are contained in the said recited dfly passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty: and whereas the said sum of cm million four hundred thousand pounds was repaid and fully difebarg id, and all the charges incurted in refipefl thereof were defrayed and the bond debt of the said untied company was reduced to or under tkt sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, on or before tbt twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and jevcnty eight; and the said united company have in pursuance of the feverot recited aftsi remained in the pojjeffm of all the territorial acquifiti bnsi and revenues lately obtained tn the East Indies, and have, out of the profits arising from the same, and that revenue and profits of the said united company, made a dividend to the proprietors of that flock of the said company, of eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capitalflock of the said company, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufatid seven hundred and seventy seven: oni whereas the said united company presented a petition to the house of commons, oh the twenty fjxth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, setting forth, that they were deferous to have that exclusive trade in sand from the East Indies, continued to them for a further term of years and were willing that the public Jhcull participate with them in the profits arising from the territorial at quifitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and that the said united company, at several general courts lately held. Id taken into confederation the terms and conditions of an agreement to be made between the public and the said united company; and at a court of proprietor Si held on the twenty-fifth day of the said month of June, the said United company agreed to the propofittons annexed is their said petition for those purposes, and for the purpose of sob hjhing certain regulations for the better management of their affairj, by which said propositions the said united company did offer to advance ana pay into his Majesty's exchequer, by infiallments, in the course of the present year, the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, in full discharge of all the claims of the public upon the said mind company until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and proposed that the [aid united company should remain in pofftffion of all tie territorial acquisitions and revenues lattly acquired in the East Indies, for and during the term df the exhufiot trade to be granted to the said united company, without prejudice to

that

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. 419

the claim of the public or of the f lid wetted company 1 and that the participation between the public and the said united company Should be in the manner, and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter men tioned and declared: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the lung's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af % and by the authority of the same. That the sum of 400, 000/. to be four hundred thousand pounds shall, by the said united compa paid into the ny of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, be paid exchequer by into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, at the times and in the proportions following; that is to say, the sum of one hun menu, dred thousand pounds on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one the further sum of one hundred thousand pounds on or before the first day of or teber then next following; the further sum of one hundred thousand pounds on or before the first day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of one hundred thousand pounds, on or before the first day of December then next following; for the use of the public, m full discharge and fatisfadtioa of all claims and demands of the public upon the said united company, from the time the bond debt of the said united company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred an<f eighty one: and in case the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, shall make failure in any of the said payments hereby appointed to be made into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer on or before the respective days or times herein before limited, that then and from time to time, as often as such case shall so happen, the money whereof such failure in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's use by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the moneys of which they have made default in payment, according to the form of this statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, bill, suit, or information, there shall be further recovered to his majesty's use, against the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indiej, or their successors, damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annum, for the respective moneys so unpaid contrary to this act, together with full costs of suit; and the said united company, and their successors, and all their stock, funds, and all other their estates and property whatsoever and wheresoever, shall beg and are hereby made fubiedt and liable to the payment of such moneys, damages, and costs,

Voi. XXXIII Ff II And

o

The proviso In 17 Geo* t, C 17, for determining the exclusive trade of the company, C repeal d.

The right to the exclusive trade to the Baste Indies continued to the company.

Penalty on persons trading thither without licence from the company.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. [1781-

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proviso contained in the said in part recited alt, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King Genie the Second, for determining the right, title, and interest of the said united company to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade to the East Indies, and parts aforesaid, shall be, and the same it hereby repealed and made void, and the notice herein before mentioned to have been given in pursuance of the power reserved by the said proviso, to determine the foie and exclusive trade of the said united company, is hereby made and declared to be void and of no effect.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afbrc said. That the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall (subject to the proviso of determination herein after contained) have, use, and enjoy, and shall continue to have, use, and enjoy, the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and traffic, and the only liberty, use, and privilege, of tracting, traffieking, and exercising the trade or bulinefs of merchandise, in, to, and from, the East Indies, and in, to, and from, all the islands, ports, havens, coasts, cities, towns, and placet between the Cape of Good Hope and Streigbts of Magellan, and limits, in the said act of the ninth year of the reign of his said late majesty King William the Third, or in the said charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year of his said majesty's reign, mentioned, in as ample and beneficial manner as the said company could thereby, or otherwise lawfully trade thereto; and the said East Indies, or the islands, havens, coasts, ports, cities, ! towns, and places, within the limits aforesaid, or any of them, shall not from henceforth, at any time before such determination of the said foie and whole trade of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as is hereinafter mentioned, be repaired or failed to, visited, frequented, or haunted, by any other the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors whatsoever: and if any of the said subjects of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of what degree or quality fbever they be, other than the factors, agents, and feevants, of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or such as shall be by them thereunto licensed or authorised, shall, at any time or times hereafter, before such determination of the said company's whole and foie trade as aforesaid, directly or indirectly fail, or go to, visit, haunt, frequeqt, traffic, trade, or adventure in, to, or from, the said East Indies, or other the limits or parts aforesaid, contrary to the true meaning hereof, all and every such offender and offenders shall incur tbefor feiture and loss of all the ships and vessels which shall be employed in such voyage, trade, traffic, or adventure, with the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, thereunto belonging; and *lfo all the goods laden thereupon, or that were, or shall be lent Co, acquired, tracted, traffieked, or adventured, within the said East Indies, or parts aforesaid, and all the proceeds and efifcds of the same, and every of them, and double the value thereof;

...........Which

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. 4*1

which penalties and forfeitures shall be To sued for, seized, distributed and diftributable, recovered and recoverable, as in and by an act made in the fevfenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled. An aftfor the further preventing bis mojeffsjubjeqsfrom trading to the East Indies under foreign com miffhns; and for encouraging, and further securing, lawful trade thereto i and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and'the isle of Thanet, ) is appointed, directed, and enacted, concerning the penalties and forfeitures in that act mentioned or referred to, with respect to the said united company, or their trade to the Eajt Indies.

IV And moreover it is hereby enacted by the authority Thc aforesaid. That the said united company of merchants of Eng profits land trading to the East Indies shall, at all times hereafter for privileges, W ever, subject as aforesaid, have, hold, and enjoy, and be entitled granted by unto, all and every the profits, benefits, advantages, privileges, t°rmcr franchises, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, recharter, »medies, methods of suit, and all penalties and forfeitures, and disabilities, provisions, matters, and things whatsoever, which by any former act or acts of parliament or by any charter or charters founded thereupon, or by any daufe or clauses in the said acta or charters contained, are enacted, given, granted, provided, in sisted, limited, established, or declared, to, for, touching, or concerning the said company, or body politic and corporate, either by the name of The General Society, entitled to the advantages given by an act of parliament for advancing a sum not exceeding two millions, for the service of the crown of England, or the said body politic and corporate, called by the name of The engli/b com pony trading to the East Indies, r the said body politic and corporate, now called by the name of The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and not by this act and not alters altered, or intended to be altered, according to the tenor and d by this act true meaning of the said acts and charters, freed and discharged from all provisoes and conditions of redemption and determination therein contained; and the same, and every of them, are hereby ratified and confirmed, and shall continue to be held and enjoyed, and be practised, and put in execution, by the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East In iitsy and their lucceflors, for the better and more effcftua! settling and securing to them, and their successors, the whole, foie, and exdufive trade to the East Indies, and parts aforesaid; and for the preventing all other his majesty's subjects trading thither, and for securing also their possessions, estate, and effects, and governing their affairs and business, in all respects as fully andefifeftually as if the same profits, benefits, advantages, trade privileges, franchises, abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, rights, remedies, methods of suit, penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, provisions, matters, and things, were several ly repeated, and at large re enacted in the body of this act; subject nevertheless to such restrictions, covenants, and agreements, as are contained in the said acts and letters patent now in force, and

not

422

company of the exclusive right to trade to the Raft Indies.

Anno vicesimo primo Georg 111il C 65. [1781*

not herein or hereby varied or altered, and subjedk also to the proviso herein after mentioned.

Cootinuance V Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the autho of 1 he term rity aforesaid, That at any time, upon three years notice to be

n r^be given by parliament, after the first day of March which shall be - ycaf Of qur j^orcj one thousand seven hundred and ninety

one, upon the expiration of the said three years, and repayment to the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies or their successors, of the said capital stock, debt, of sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, and ail arrears of annuity payable in refpetft thereof, in case the same shall iot have been before repaid; then, and from thenceforth, and not before, or foontr, the said right, title, and interest^said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade to the Bejl indiesy and parts aforesaid, shall cease and determine. The company, VI Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That after the de nothing in the above proviso, or in any proviso in the said act the exclusive n'nt^ year the re*gn of his said late majesty Kin w\l*

right, may continue to trade with their joint stock, C

liam the Third, or in the said charter of the fifth day of septem ber, in the tenth year of his said late majesty's reign, or in any other at or charter contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to determine the corporation of the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to hinder, prevent, *or exclude, the said united company from carrying on, at all times after such determination of the right to the foie, whole, and exclusive trade, as aforesaid, a free trade in, to, and from the East Indies, and parts aforesaid, with all or any part of their own joint stock in trade, goods, merchandizes, estate, and effects, in common with other the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, trading in, to, or from those parts, di atd^ood VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, notice to she That any notice in writing, signified by the speaker of the house company. of commons for the time being, by order of the said house, shall be deemed and adjudged a due and proper notice by parliament, to and for all the ends, intents, and purposes for which such notices are directed by this a to be given to the said company. The territorial VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, acquisitions to That all the teriitorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies shall remain in the possession of the united the company, company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies for and during the term of the exclusive trade granted to the said united company.

How the pro IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, iromtheterri That romane ater tie day f Mnrchy one thousand seven torial acquifi*hundred and eighty one, for and during so long time as the said tions, and the united company, under the authority of this present at, shall be trade of the entitled to the whole, foie, and exclusive trade and traffic io, be *dso fedof anc fr°m indi**and places aforesaid, the whole clear

*profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues,

after defraying the charges and expenses attending the same,

together

4 *3

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.65.

together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payments of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expenses of the said company, shall from time to time be disposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say), it shall and may be lawful for the said united company to set apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, such sums as shall be equal to eight pounds per centum per annum upon the capital (lock of the said united company of three millions two hundred thousand pounds; and in case there shall remain a surplus of the.said clear revenues and profits above the said sum of eight pounds per centum per annumy foto be retained by the said united cotnpany as aforesaid, Three fourth parts of such surplus profits shall be set apart and applied for the use of the public, and the remaining fourth jjart thereof shall be reserved and retained by the said united 'company for their own use. e. C

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That ap^oprwted

the surplus profits appropriated to the public as aforesaid, shall to the public be paid annually into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, as to be paid an herein after mentioned, and shall be there reserved for the dif nually into the pofirion of parliament. «cbtquer.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The said P the said united company of merchants of England trading to the *337on or East Indies, and their successors, shall, and they are hereby di before May i, rested and required to pay into the receipt of his majesty's exin every year, chequer, for his majesty's use, the parts and proportions of the

clear revenue and profits herein before directed to be set apart and applied for the use of the public, on or before the first day of May in each and every year; and in case the said united com failure of pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, shall make failure in payment hereby appointed to be frail be reco made, into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, on or before vered. the said first day of May in each and every year, that then, and in such case, the money whereof such failure in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his majesty's use, by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at lveftminflery wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any more chan one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the moneys of which they shall have made default in payment, according to the form of this statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, bill, suit, or information, there shall be further recovered to his majesty's use, against the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, damages after the rate of fifteen pounds fer centum per annum for the respective moneys so unpaid, contrary to this act, together with full costs of suit; and the said united company, and their successors, and all their stock, funds,

F f 3 and

4*4

The eompa

ny's share of the net profits, and the money they hall receive for victualling ships in the East Indies, how to be applied.

A statement of the profit and loss upon the trade and revenues of the company, with a state of their debts, to be made up yearly, signed by two directors, and transmitted to the comndflioners of the treasury t

and also an account of the value of all goods remaining unsold in their warehouses in England, ex cluhve of discounts, canno

vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. [1781.

and all other their estates and property whatsoever and wheresoever, Shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the payment of Such moneys, damages, and costs.

XIL And be it farther enacted bv the authority aforebid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Said united company to apply Such money as they are herein before authorised 1 to retain to themselves out of the yearly net profits of the said united company, and also So much money as they shall receive in respect of the fourth part of the expense of viciualling his majesty's ships and vessels in the East Indies, herein after directed to be paid to the said united company, during the continuance of the war with France, Spain, and Holland, together with the surplus profits belonging to the said united company on the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, after payment of the said futr. of four hundred thousand pouncs to the public, as herein before is directed, not exceeding tw: hundred eighty eight thousand and twenty-five pounds, even teen Shillings, and ten pence, in the payment of dividends to the proprietors of the flock of the said united company, not exceeding the rate of twelve pounds ten Shillings, per centum per provided that the bond debt of the said united company shall not at any such time exceed the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; and provided, that they do not increafctbi present dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum more than at the rate of one pound per centum in each and every year.

XIII And, in order to ascertain the yearly net profits anfpsgfrm the said united company's trade and revenues, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said united company (haj!, and they are hereby directed and required, to caqfe to be made up yearly, for each and every year during the term before mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the case will admit, a statement of the profit and loss upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company, together with a state of the debts of the said united company in England, from the first day of March, in every year, to the first day of March in each succeeding year, the first of which statements or account' shall be made up to the first day of March, one thousand fete hundred and eighty-two; and every such statement or account Shall be fairly written, and Shall be signed by two or more of the directors of the said united company, and transmitted, within thirty days after the day to which such statements or accounts shall be made up rcfpediively, to the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaii That the said united company shall cause to be made out, at the same time with the account herein before directed, an account of the value of all the said united company's goods which ha remain unsold in their warehouses in England at the time of malting up the said account, exclusive of discounts, customs, com mifllon to supercargoes, and of all and every other charge whatsoever to be deducted therefrom $ which account shall be fairly

jrrittw,

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. 4%$

written, and shall be signed by two or more of the diredort of the said united company, and transmitted, with the account herein before mentioned, to the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Accounts of That accounts of the gross amount of all the territorial revenues thc £roft*received by the said united company, and of all their disburse

meats, charges of management, civil, military, and other ex venues, and of peaces end charges, and also of the said united company's debts all the compa* at each of their settlements in the East Indies, and accounts of ny'8 difburte their net proceeds at each of their settlements in the East Indies, made upt0 shall be made up annually, and delivered to the commissioners annually, and of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time be delivered to ing, on or as soon after the first day of March, in each year, as the commiflt the receipt of the necessary materials from the East Indies shall ^afury. C enable the said united company to prepare such accounts. y'

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Directors to That the directors of the said united company shall cause copies lay copies of of the said accounts, so directed to be made up as aforesaid, to e be laid before the general court of proprietors, to be held next raj court after the same shall be so made up.

XVII Provided always, and be it further eflaaed by the The company

authority aforesaid, That the said united company shall, and *0 pay to his they are hereby required to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and ^sofruses successors, in the East Indies, two lacks of current rupees per^ann, fo" annum for each and every regiment Confiding of one thousand each regiment men, already sent, or hereafter to be sent, by his Majesty, his of 1000 men heirs or fudceflbrs, to the East Indies, oh the requisition of the^the said united company, over and above the extraordinaries now^*

born and defrayed by the said united company, and in that C *

for any greater or less number of men, and for any

greater or less space of time; such payment to be computed, with fe(pe& to the forces already sent, from the twenty-fourth day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and with respect to such forces as hereafter shall be sent to the East Indies, from the time of the embarkation of such foroes, and shall be paid until the return of the said regiments to Great Britain or for so long time as the said united company shall be possessed of the territorial revenues in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and orijja; which said payment shall be made in manner following; that is to say. The subsistence of such forces there shall be regularly paid to the orders of the officers commanding each respecuve regiment, and the remainder of such allowances shall be paid according to such regulations as shall be settled between the paymaster general of his majesty's forces and the secretary fct war for the time being, and the court of directors of the said united company.

XVIII Provided also, and be it further enacted by the au From July 5, thority aforesaid. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one 4 "$ thouund seven hundred and eighty-two, until peace shall be re p^ce^c!1* fiored with France, Spain, and Holland, the£ud united company theanupany

F f 4 shall to supply the

'42<?

victualling for his majesty's Ihipa to be sent to the East Indies upon their requisition, C

Commissioners of the treasury tp pay to the company one fourth part of the value of loch victualing.

In case the company shall not oe able to make a dividend of eight percent, then the public shall repay more tnan a fourth part of the expenses of victualling.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. [1781*

shall provide and supply all the victualling to be delivered in the East Indies necessary for his majesty's ships and vessels already fcn», or hereafter to be sent, to the East Indies, upon the requifitkm of the said united company, and also for the (ick and hurt Teamen belonging to such ships and vessels, during the time such ships and vessels shall be employed in the East Indies; and that a just and true account shall be kept thereof, and shall be properly authenticated and vouched by the governor, or president and council of the said united company's settlements in India refpcctively, where such victualling shall be provided and top plied; and such account shall, from time to time, be transmitted to the court of directors of the said united company, who are hereby required to lay such accounts before the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, who shall thereupon refer the said accounts to the commis coners of his majesty's navy, victualling, and (ick and wounded seamen, to be considered in the proper offices; and all such victualling so provided and supplied as aforesaid, shall be put in charge against the officer or officers to whom the same was delivered, or against the hospital for (ick and hurt respectively, as the case may be; and the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time beng, from time to time, during the time aforesaid, within forty days after the receipt of such accounts so properly authenticated and vouched as aforesaid, shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said united company, one fourth part of the total amount of the value of all such victualling so provided by the said united company; which sum, so paid, mall be deemed and taken to be the foie right and property of the said united company, freed and discharged from all claims or right of participation on the behalf of the public, and shall be set apart and applied for the use and benefit of the said ynited company: and in case it shall happen at any tint during (he time aforesaid, that, by means of the said united company being put to such expenses on account of providing and fupplyiftg such victualling as aforesaid, the net profits of the said united company realised in Great Britain, shall be so reduced as not to be sufficient, together with one fourth part of such expenses, as to produce to the said united company a sum equal to eight pounds per centum per annum upon their capital flock of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, that then and in every such case the public shall repay in Great Britain so much more of the expenses of providing and supplying such victualling for his majesty's ships and vessels, (if the amount of the value of such victualling, so provided and supplied as aforesaid, be equal thereto), as shall be sufficient to make up to the said united company a sum equal to a dividend of eight pounds per centum per annum on the capital flock of the said united company, such payments to be made in sterling money of Great Britain, the exchange for the rupee being rated and taken at the usual current price of the rupee at the tiifie the same shall be advanced and paid in the Eqft Indies

XIX And

1781.] Anno vicesimo primp cjeorgii III C 65. 427

XIX And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Company to

That, from and after peace shall be restored with France, Spain, v?auauin? and Holland, the said united company shall, in like manner, pro after the ixfto vide and supply all such victualling at their own proper expense, ration of cost, and charge, peace,

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Company to That the said united company shall, as soon as they shall be send to the enabled foto do, on the requisition and under the infpecfion of faluin<^t the commissioners of his majesty's navy and office of ordnance, nd military send out to the East Indies such naval and military (lores, in such stores as the quantities, and of such quality, and to such places, as the said commissioners commissioners of his majesty's navy shall direct; and the said lav united company shall make timely requisition to the commissi a 1 oners of his majesty's nay for such naval and military (lores as

cannot be provided by the said united company; and the said united company shall also pay to the said commissioners of his majesty's navy for all such naval and military stores so provided by them: and for all such naval and military stores exported Treasury to from Great Britain to the East Indies, by the said united com compand pany, upon the requisitions of the commissioners of his majesty's within day navy, the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the high after deliver treasurer for the time being, shall, within forty days after an ac insin she account of such naval and military tyores shall have been so actually exported, and proof made thereof, and certificates shall be equal to the delivered of such exportation to the commissioners of his Ma value of such jelly's navy, pay and advance, or cause to be paid and advanced, stores, to the said united company, by way of iraprest, upon account of such naval and military stores, a sum of money nearly adequate to the value thereof; and the remainder of the value of such thereinam stores shall be paid for after they shall be delivered in the East fer VJ- Indies, for the use of his majesty's ships and vessels, within forty days next after certificates shall have been delivered to the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, that such naval and military stores have been furnished and supplied to any of his majesty's ships or vessels employed in the East Indies; which certificates the officer or officers receiving the said naval and military stores is and are hereby required to give to the said united company in triplicate, on delivery of such stores

^ Provided always. That in case of the loss or damage of n ca^tt<^ the said naval and military (lores, or of any part thereof, by sea^or by being taken or destroyed by enemies, or by any other ac enemies, or cident not imputable to, or occauoned by, the fault or neglecft of lost by una the said united company, or their servants, or any person em voidable ao ployed by them, the said impressed shall be allowed to the said company to united company; and moreover the said united company shall be paid the be paid the surplus value of such naval and military stores, be toll value yond the sum so imprefted to them as aforesaid. thereof.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fro Junc That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of Jnne% one thou panvtofuppjj sand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said united company naval and mi

shall, litarj stores for

ship III the Raft Indite <

428 Anno vicesimo primo Gkoroii III C 65. [1781.

repair. Sec. of shall, to theutmoft of their power, Supply, for the wear and tear hi Majesty's and repairs of such ships and vessels belonging to his Majesty all shall be employed in the East Indies, all such naval and military (lores as shall be required by the officer commanding the fleet in the East Indies, or by any ofhcer commanding any of his Majesty ships or vessels so employed in the East Indies, such officer giving triplicate certificates for such naval and military (lores; and the prime cost of all such naval and military (lores as shall be (applied in the East Indies for the use of his majesty's navy, shall be

the prime cost whereof shall be repaid by the treafu

Rut after the teftoration of peace, the

their own expeace.

during hoftili repaid to the said united company in England, until peace (hail tie with be restored with France, Spain, and Holland, within forty day France, Sfc. aflcr certificates shall have been delivered to the commissiooers of his majesty's treasury, or to the high treasurer for the time being, that such naval and military (lores have been furnished and Supplied to any of his majesty's ships and vessels so employed in the East Indies. :

XXIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after peace shall be restored with France, Spainy

- and Holland, the said united company, so long as they shall re

farwfotbeu mann p°ffcon of the territorial acquifltions and revenues said (lore at the provinces of Bengal, Bahary and orijjay shall furnisti, at their own proper costs and charges, such naval and military (lores as shall be necessary and be required for the use of such of his majesty's ships and vessels as shall at the request of the said united company, remain on service in the East Indies in time of peace with the European powers, for which certificates shall be granted by the officers commanding such ships and vessels re (pectively, and all certificates so granted for such naval and military (lores, shall be sent to dbe court of directors of the said united company, and shall be by the said court of directors transmitted to the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being 3 and such certificates, so transmitted, shall be sent to the commissioners of his majesty's navy and office of ordnance, who are hereby required to put the same in charge Bgainft the officers respectively receiving such naval and military (lores.

XXIV Andy in order to prevent any extravagant demand being madey or any frauds being committed in the victualling any of his Me jestys ships or vejfehy and in supplying them with naval and military ftoresy and that all expends relating thereto rtiay be properly checked and controuledy be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the commissioners of his majesty's navy, and the commissioners of

.1.* wuii victualling, and sick and wounded Teamen, and office of ordnance, afrtqon, shall an the court of directors of the said united company, shall let ctlabli(h regu tie and establith such rules, orders, and regulations, tor the providing such supplies, and in paying such expenses as aforefind, as they shall see proper; and all such rules, orders, and regulations, shall be observed and obeyed, as well by the femnts of the said united company, as by the officers of his majesty's navy respectively; and the accounts of such supplies and expenses shall be returned examined checked and passed in such manner

porrmrfli oners of the navy, See. and the court of

lation* for providing stores, See.

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 65. 4*9

ner as by the said rules, orders, and regulations shall be establish ed: and in case it shall appear, upon the examination of such Moneys or accounts, that any moneys or stores, received by any of his majesty's officers, shall not be properly accounted for, the amount officers, ana value thereof shall be recovered from such officer or officers, howto be re by such ways and means as shall be agreeable to the usage and covered, custom of toe navy in such cases; and such part of the money so recovered, as shall have arisen during the war with France,

Spainf and Holland, shall be paid and applied for the use of his Majesty, and such part as shall have arisen fubfeauent to the end of the war with France, Spain and Holland shall be paid to tyre said united company.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Reservation of That all and every the rights, interests, powers, privileges, and the rights of authorities, which are now vested in the said united company of thf compzai^ merchants of England trading to the East Indies and which are not hereby expressly taken away, altered, or varied, shall remain to, and continue in the said company, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if this a had never been made.

XXVI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Reftriaionsoa That, during the continuance of this ait shall not be lawful bills of ex for the said united company, or their successors, or any of their the comt* officers or servants, on their account, to accept or otherwise bind pany jn the the said company, or their successors, for the payment of any Raft Indies, bill or bills of exchange, drawn by any of their officers or servants, at any of their presidencies in the East Indies, for any Aim exceeding the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, exdufive

of certificates, to the amount of eight thousand pounds, to the commanders and officers of each of the company's (hiph in the space of any one year, without the consent and order first had and obtained of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, who are hereby respectively authorised to give such consent, or to make such order thereon, as they shall judge expedient; and every acceptance or engagement made contrary to the true meaning and intent of this a, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bjjis That no bill, promiflbry note, or other obligation tor money, India, and issued, or to be issued, by any of the said united company's pre made payable fidents and councils, or servants in the East Indies, or in China there, (halt not respectively, and made payable in the East Indies, or in China re j*england fpcdtively, shall be payable in England, without the consent of without the eighteen of the directors of the affairs of the said united com content of it pany first had and obtained for that purpose 5 nor shall the said directors, C united company be liable to the payment of any bill, promifibry

note, or other obligation for money, blued or to be issued as aforesaid, and made payable in England ualefs accepted by, or by prder of, a court ot directors.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore.........................................................

.........................................................

43°

British fub^j«6u in India tarefide within ten mites of some principal settlement.

british fub jc6h redding in India not to lend money to any foreign company, CC

Penalty on British fub jdb (other than the company) who shall (end Indian goods to Europe.

§utts brought by the court of directors against private traders, C not to be topped, nor the penalty or damages mitigated, Sc C

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii Hi. C 65. [1781.

said, That during the continuance of this act, it shall not be lawful for any British subject or subjects in the service of the said united company, or licensed by them to proceed to India, to reside in any other place in India than in one of the principal settlements belonging to the said united company, or within ten miles of such principal settlement, without the special licence of the said united company, or of the president or governor and council of such principal settlement, in writing first had nd obtained; nor shall any such briti/b subject or subjects reside beyond the limits aforesaid, for any longer space of time than shall be specified in the orders of the said united company, or in his or their licence or licences respectively.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any servant or servants of the said united company, or any other briti/b subject or subjects residing in India, to lend any sum or sums of money to any foreign company or companies, or to any foreign European merchant or merchants, or to purchase any goods in India for or on account of such foreign company or companies, European merchant or merchants, or to be concerned in lending fach sum or sums of money, or in purchasing such goods, directly or indireltly, or to furni(h iuch foreign company or companies, European merchant or merchants, with the credit of bills drawn upon the correspondents of such servant or servants, or British subject or subjects, or any other person or persons in Europe.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day at July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, it shall not be lawful for any briti/b subject, either in his own name, or in the name of any oilier person or persons whatsoever, to carry on or be concerned in any trade or traffic whatsoever, in sending any kind of goods and merchandizes, the produce or manutadure of the Eofi Indies or China, by the way of Suez, or by any other channel, to Europe; and in case any briti/b subject or fupjelts shall carry on or be concerned in any such trade or traffic as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit and pay to the said united company double the value of the goods and merchandises which shall so be sent to Europe, to be recovered in any court of justice in the East Indies, or in his majesty's court of King's Bench at werm'tnjler.

axai. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in case the court of directors for the affairs of the said united company shall order any suit or suits at law or in equity to be brought against any person or persons for trading to or from the Eqfl Indies, without or beyond the licence and permission of the said united company, or for any offence or offences committed by, or any mjfocba viour of, any such person or persons, in his or their station or

employ

43*

1781.3 Anno vicesimo primo gfeorgii III c.65. employment in the east Indies, it shall not be lawful for the said court of directors of the said united company to put a (lop to such suit or suits, or to remit or mitigate the penalty, damages, or satisfaction sought to be recovered thereby, before a final judgement or decree shall be obtained in such suit or suits.

XXXII And whereas it is necessary for the said united company to keep and maintain a military force in the East Indies, and the present method of obtaining recruits to keep up the same bath been found very inconvenient and deft Hive; be it therefore eha&ed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united coiftpany, by licence from his Majesty for that purpose, from time to time to enlist such number of men, being his majesty's subjects, and of such ages, and for such time, as shall be expressed in such licence, trf serve them as soldiers in the East Indies, and to deposit and keep such men, not exceeding two thousand at any one time in time of war, and one thousand at any time in time of peace, at such place or places, in any part of his majesty's dominions in Europe, as shall be approved of for that purpose by his Majesty, until they can be sent to India; and in case any person or persons so enlisting and engaging, after he shall have (igned an agreement for that purpose, and shall have declared before a magistrate, at the distance of twenty-four hours at the least after his first enlisting, that he freely and voluntarily signed .such agreement, and is willing to go to and serve the said united company as a soldier in the east Indies, shall desert from the place appointed for him to reside at till the time of his embarkation to go to the east Indies, or shall refuse to perform his agreement, it shall be lawful for any person or persons to apprehend such person or persons, and convey him before a magistrate; and it shall be lawful for such magistrate, on proof of the case, to commit such person or persons to gaol, there to be kept in safe custody, and maintained at the expense of the said united company, until such person can be sent to India; and it shall be lawful for the said united company to cause such person or persons to be conveyed in custody on (hipboard, to be carried to the East Indies, in such service as aforesaid.

XXXIII And whereas doubts have orifen% whether, agreeable to the provisions contained in an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An a & for the encouraging and ^ncrealing of shipping and navigation, goods and merchandise can lawfully be exported to, and imported fromy the East Indies, and places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, in Ships and vessels the property of the said united company, by reason that many foreigners are proprietors of flock of the said united company: and whereas it is fit and proper that Ships belonging to the said unifed company Should be considered as British Ships 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all ships and vessels belonging to the said united company, whether built or pur

u chased.

Regulations relative to railing re emits for the company's service in India.

Deserters may be committed.

All vessels belonging to the company shall be deemed British ships, within the meaning of the navigation ad 11 Car. a.

43* \

Court of directors to deliver to com miilloners of the treasury copies of all letters and orders relative to the management of their revenues, 14. days before such letters are lent;

and to one of the secretaries of (fate, copies of all letters, C relative to their civil and military affairs. Scc.

Anrto vicesimo prim Georgii III c.65.

chased by the said united"company, (hail be considered, decoded, and taken to be British ships, within the true intent and meaning of the said act of the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second; and the said united company in respect thereof shall be entitled to all and every the privileges and advantages in and by the said act given and granted to the owners of ships wholly belonging to jbritifk subjects, the same being navigated in the manner prescribed by the laws now in being refpelting British built ships; anything in the said act of the twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the Second in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the court of direltors of the said united company shall, and they are hereby required and directed to deliver to the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them for the time being, or to the high treasurer for she time being, copies of all .such letters and orders as shall or may any way relate to the management of the revenues of the said united company, fourteen days at the least before the sending or dispatching of such letters and orders refpelti vely; and in like manner shall deliver, to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of (late, copies of all such letters and orders as shall or may any way relate to the civil and military affairs and government of the said united company, to any of their fer yants in India, and such copies shall be signed by two or more of the directors of the said united company; and that the said court of directors of the said united company shall, and they are hereby required to pay due obedience to, and shall be governed and bound by, such instructions as they shall receive from his Majesty, by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, so far as relates to the conduit and tranfaltions of the said united company, and their governors, prcfidents, and councils refpdtively, with the country powers in the East Indies, and also to the levying war and making peace, in such orders as the said court of direltors shall from thenceforth give to the governor and council of their presidency of Fort Wtuiam in Bengal and also to their president and council in the other Settlements respectively belonging to the said united company: Provided nevertheless. That in case the secretary of date, to whom the copies of such letters aforesaid shall be delivered, shall not, within fourteen days after the delivery thereof, communicate such orders and inftrultions as aforesaid, in writing, to the said court of direltors, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said court of direltors to dispatch and send such orders to their servants in India, in such manner as they shall think fit.

XXXV And whereas by another all, pqjftd in the turtuntb year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for efta blilhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well m India as in Snrtfy

1781.] Aniio vicesimo primo gborgii lit, C 65.

it was9among other things, enaftedy That9for the government Recital of the prejidency Fort William in Bengal, there Should be appointed 13 G*a governor-general, and four councillors, the whole civilcap%

military government of the said presidency, also the ordering,

management, W government, of all the territorial acquisitions and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bafiar, and Oriffa, Jhouldy during such time as the territorial acquisitions and revenues Should remain in the poffejfm of the said united company, 4* veiled in the said governor-general ana council of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal; and also that the governor-general and four first councillors appointed by the said act Should each of them bold and continue in his and their respective offices for and during the term of five years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the government of the said presidency, and Should not be removable in the mean time, except by his Mojefiy* his heirs and successors9 upon representation made by the court of dire ft or s for the said united company for the time being; and in case of the avoidance of the office of fueb governor-general by death, rejig nation, or removal, his place Should, during the remainder of the term aforesaid, as often as the case Should happen, be supplied by the. person of the council who Should fiand next in rank to such governor-general 5 and in ease of the death, removal, resignation9 or promo tion9 of any of the said council, the directors of the said united Compaq were thereby impoweredy for and during the remainder of the said term of five years, to nominate and appoint, by and with the consent of his Majesty% his heirs and fuccejj'orsy to be fiignified as therein is mentionedy a person to fiucceed to toe office so become vacant in the said council \ and until such appointment Should be made, all the powers and authorities vefied in the governor-general and council Should rest and continue in and be exercised and executed by the governor-general and council remaining and surviving: and whereas it may be expedient that certain parts of the said recited act which are expired

Should be revived and continuedy subject to such variations as herein after are mentioned; be it therefore enadea by the authority aforesaid.

That the person and persons who at the time of the passing of The perfoos this act shall have and enjoy the office and offices of governor "h re general, and councillors of the said presidency, shall hold and continue in his and their respective offices for and during the f0uncillors of continuance of this act, and shall not be rernoveable in the the presidency mean time, except by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of Port will upon representation made by the court of diredors for the said united company for the time being; and shall have and enjoy j oahis all and (ingular the powers and authorities vefied by the said shall not ad in the first governor-general and four first councillors by b.c.. removed the said act appointed, and shall be subject to the same reftric c^nuance tions and limitations as by the said act the first governor gene of this'ad, ral, and first four councillors were made subject? that in except by'his case of the avoidance of the offices of stich governor-general, Majesty, cor any of the said councillors, such office shall be respectively supplied in the same manner as the same office would by the

said

i

43 t

director*, with the con lent of his Mapfty, may appoint a new governor-general, in case of death restation, See.

but he shall

not be inti tied to any'J'alary, as Inch, until he actually takes upon himself Use said office.

Directors im* powered to appoint with his Majesty's con Cent, two'persons to succeed whenever vacancies shall happen in the said presidency, canno

vicesimo primo georou III C 65. [178*1, *

said a have been supplied during the remainder of the ternt of five years, which was computed from the time that the first governor-general, and four fiaft councillors, took upon them the government of the said presidency.

XXXVI Provided always, and be it further enabled by*the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the directors of the said united company, and they are hereby im powered to nominate and appoint, by and with the consent of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be signified under his or their sign manual, atiy one of the council of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, or any other person, to succeed to the place and office of governor-general of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and from time to time to revoke the said nomination and appointmenr; and the person so nominated and appointed shall succeed to the said place or office when the same shall happen to become vacant by the death, retignation, or removal or the governor-general of the said presidency for the time being, and have all and every the powers and authorities of governor-general of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in like manner as if he had succeeded after a vacancy had happened; but nevertheless the person foto be appointed as aforesaid to succeed to the vacant office of governor-general of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be entitled to any salary, perquisite, allowance, or advantage whatsoever, as governor-general, until he shall become entitled unto, and take upon himself the said office of governor-general of the said presidency; in case he shall not happen to be at Fort William in Bengal aforesaid, at the time the said vacancy shall happen, then and in such case the said office shall be supplied, until the time of his arrival at Fort William aforesaid, by the senior councillor of the said presidency.

XXXVII And whereas it may be inconvenient to offer the offut of a councillor of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal to remain vacant till the same can be Supplied in England, after the advice of such vacancy; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the directors of the said united company, and they are hereby im powered, from time to time, to nominate and appoint, by aod with the consent of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceitors, to be signified under his or their sign manual, one or two persons to succeed respectively to the omce of a councillor of the said presidency of Fort William in Bengal, whenever a vacancy shall happen in that office by any of the ways in the said recited a mentioned, and to declare which of the said two persons shall first succeed to the said office of a councillor, and upon the first vacancy*in that office the said persons respectively shall succeed thereto accordingly, and have all and every the powers and authorities of a councillor of the said presidency of Fort wtbim in Bengal, in like manner as if he had been appointed thereto

after

435

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 66.

after a vacancy had happened; and it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the representation of the court of directors of the said united company for the time being, from time to time to revoke the nomination and appointment of such persons to succeed to the vacant office but the per of a councillor of the said pregdency, in like manner as a Tonnes foto be councillor of the said presidency may be removed from such appointed office under the authority of the said recited al; but, never titled to theless, the persons foto be appointed as aforesaid to succeed any faiary, to the vacant office of a councillor of the said presidency, shall until they ac not be in tit led as a councillor to any salary, perquisite, allow tully tace ance, or advantage whatsoever, until he shall become entitled f^vea tbetaid unto, and take upon himself, the office of a councillor of the office of said presidency, .

XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the commander in chief of all the said united com Commander pany's military forces in the East Ihdies for the time being, *" chief of provided he shall be appointed one of the councillors of the nyvforces", if said presidency of Fort william in Bengal, shall, from time to appointed a time, ard at all times hereafter, take rank as second in council councillor, at the said presidency, but shall in no case succeed to the go ^5 vermnent of the said presidency without a fpeciaj appointment for *

that purpose; but in case of the vacancy of governor-general cil; butshall of the said presidency at a time when no person shall be ap not succeed at pointed to succeed to the office of governor-general, the coun Sove" or cillor next in rank to such commander in chief shall succeed to and hold the office of governor-general until some other special ap person shall be appointed thereto, as herein before is men pointmenu tioned.

XXXIX Provided always, and be it enabled, That no Claims to the thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, .territorial

to prejudice or affect the rights or claims of the public, or the said united company, respecting the said territorial acquisitions n nd revenues.

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; Fublick aft. of which notice shall be judicially taken by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same. % '

CAP. LXVI

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of hit present Majesty, intituled, An act to promote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices.

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the seventeenth year of preamble.

the teign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to Recital of promote the residence of the parochial clergy, *by making pro 17 Geo. 3. Vol. XXXIII G g vision cap. s1.

I

436 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.66. (i^sp.

vision for the moe speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing houses, and other neceltary buildings and tenements, for the use of tfieir benefices; it is enacted, amongst other things. That the incumbent of every living or benefice, of which the glebe, tithes, rents, and profits, halt be mortgaged for the purposes of the J'aid ah, Jhill pay the inter cjl arising upon every such mortgage, yearly, as the Janie Shall become due; and also five pounds per centum per annum, if such incumbent was refiaent, and ten pounds per centum per annum, if non resident of the principal remaining due, by yearly payments \ which words, if literally underfiood and observed, would, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the Gaol act, render the discharge of the principal sum impracticable, and thereby discourage persons from lending money upon such securities; it therefore enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Thfclncam* parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That Hfent of every the incumbent of every living or benefice of which the glebes, *h*rc tithes, rents, and profits, have been or shall be mortgaged for been purp°^es f the said a shall, from and after the passing or shall be of this act, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, to every tfiori^aged for such mortgagee, over and besides the interest of the principal the puipofes money due upon such mortgage, the sum of five pounds per centum per annum, if resident, or ten pounds per centum per to theinbrt annum, if non resident, of the money originally advanced upon gagefe, besides such mortgage, until the whole of the said principal money intersect, 5 per shall be discharged; if, upon any such mortgage or mort other in" 11' sasc^ already made, less shall have been paid by the present cipal, ltreii incumbent than what is hereby directed to be paid, he (ha!, dent, or 10 and he is hereby required, within six months after the passing percent, if of this act, to make up the deficiency; and in default of pay non resident. 'ment thereof within the time aforesaid, the same shall be recovered in such and the same manner as the intcrtfl is recoverable by virtue of the provisions in the said recited act.

Forms in the II And be it further enabled, That the forms contained in schedule to be the said schedule respecting the allowance of accounts, and the observed. bond anj receipt to be given by the nominee, as directed by the said recited act, or forms to the like effect shall be observed and complied with in the execution of this and the said recited act.

Public act. III And be it further enacted. That this act, and everything herein contained, shall be deemed, adjudged, and tiktti to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the jfame.

Staff

178^] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 66*

State of account of the money advanced and paid by A. B. (reftor or vicar, cas the case (hah be) of the living of in the county of for the building (rebuilding,

or repairing) the parsonage house and buildings belonging to the said living according to the direction of a fta tut e mide in the seventeenth year of the reign of hit m yejly King George the Third.

C D. Ordinary.

E. F. Patron.

G. H. Incumbent.

Form of allowance of the nominees account of the money received and expended by him pursuant to the directions of the said statute of thefevtnteencb of George the Thirds to be written at the foot of such account.

WE .'have examined, and do hereby approve and allow the above account. Given under our bands, this day of,

A. B. Ordinary.

C D. Patron.

E. F. Incumbent.

%

Receipt to be ftgned by the nominee for the money which jhah be borrowed and paid into his hands, pursuant to the direction of the said act.

1a. B. being the person nominated by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, of the rectory (vicarage, ca the case shall be) of in the county of

and dioctfe of the bishop of to receive and apply the

money authorised to be borrowed by mortgage of the glebe, tithes,

rents, and other profits and emoluments of the said..

the pierpofe of building (rebuilding, or repairing, as the case

shall be) the parsonage house (or outbuildings, cas the case shall

be) belonging to such living or benefice, do hereby acknowledge to

have received from the hands of C D. being the person to whom

such mortgage is intended to be made, the sum of

being the sum for which such mortgage or security is to be made: and

1 do hereby promise to apply the same in such manner and for such

purposes as are directed by the said act.

Form of bond to be given by the nominee and his surety, pursuant to the direction of the said act.

OBLIGATION of the bond (in the common form of obligations) from A. B. (describing him as in the last.. of receipt) and C D. of C (describing the surety) to (describing the ordinary) in the penal sum of (to be double the sum for which the

iceurity is to be given, CC

G g a

43* Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 67. f 178 r

Form of the Condition of the said Pond.

THE condition of the above obligation is jsuch, That if the said A. B. (naming the nominee as before mentioned) Shall and do jufily and truly pay and account for the sum of received by him this day from C D. being the person to whom a Mortgage hath been this day made and executed of the glebe, tithes, rents, and other profits and emoluments, of the rectory (vicarage, cas the case shall be) of for the purpose of

building (rebuilding, or repairing) of the said rectory, cas the case shall be), according to the true intent and meaning of two frveral efts of parliament, pa fed in the seventeenth and twenty first years of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for those purposes; this obligation to be void, or otherwise to remain in force.

A. B.

C IX

CAP. LXVII

An act to prevent the mifehiefs that arise from driving cattle within the cities of London and Westminster, and liberties thereof and bills of mortality.

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S the improper and cruel manner in which cattle VV are driven from Smithfield market, within the city tf London, through the streets of the said city, and liberties thereof the city Westminster, and the bills of mortality, hds occafionti great mtfehies, and endangered the lives of many of his Majesty's liege subjects inhabiting therein; for preventing whereof for die future, may it please your fnoft excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King's most excellent, majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Any peace assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and officer may after pafllng of this act, if any person or persons, who shall driv^nifcattle ** h, rcc* or cmpl°yed to drive any cattle within the said cities through the of London or jveflminfler, or the liberties thereof, or the bills ft recta of of mortality, shall, by negligence or ill usage in the driving London, See. fucft cattle, be die means that any mischief shall be done by such

perms^ert* catt*e> or ty any one or more which shall be com

* to his, her, or their care; or if any driver or drivers of cattle, within the limits aforesaid, shall in any wise mi(behave himself, herself, or themselves, in the driving, care, or management of any such cattle, by the improper driving, treating, or using of such cattle; then and in any of the said cases, and so often as any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to or for any constable, or other peace officer, upon view thereof, or information of any person or persons, (who shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said constable or other peace officer), to seize and secure, by the authority of this act, and, without '. any

f 781.] Anno vicefurio primo gsorgh III C 67. 439

any other warrant, to convey such offender or offenders before some justice of the peace of the said cities of London or ivtft minfler* or within the bills of mortality; and the party or paris the party ties accused being brought before such justice within whose be convicted jurisdiction the offence shall be committed, such justice dial! proceed to examine upon oath any witness or witneflfcs who forfeit from shall appear or be produced to give information touching such 5*. ro o. offence, (which oath the said justice is hereby authorised and totheproie required to administer) 5 and rf the party or parties accused culor*

(hail be convicted of any such offence either by his, her, or their own cortsession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, flic, or they, foconvicted, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to the person or persons who shall prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders; and if the person or persons so convicted or becommit shall refuse, or not be able forthwith to pay the sum forfeited, *° the every such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal rection, kc of some justice of the peace, within whose jurisdiction 'the per for one son offending shall be convicted, be committed to the house of month, correction, or some other prison within the cities of London or Westminsttr% or liberties thereof, or within the bills of mortality, within which the offence shall have been committed, or the offender shall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month.

II And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Persons not Tonnes, not being hired or employed to drive cattle within the b, ns ^nvcrl said cities of London or ivijlminjier, or the liberties thereof, or wit shem .the bills of mortality, shall pelt with Hones, brickbats, or by with (tones, any other means drive or hunt away, or shall fet any dog or C orfet dogs at any ox, heifer, cow, (leer, or other cattle, without the at *hcm* consent of the owner of the same, or his servant; then and in may betaken any of the said cases, and so often as any of them shall happen, before a it shall and may be lawful to or for any constable, or other jnfticej peace officer upon view thereof, or information of any person or persons who shall declare bis, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said constable or other peace officer, to seize and secure, by the authority of this act, and, without any other warrant, to convey such offender or offenders before (bme justice of the peace of the said cities of London or ivtjlminjltr, or within the bills of mortality; and the and on con party or parties accused being brought before such justice, with in whose jurisdiction the offence shall be committed, such justice shall proceed to examine, upon oath, any witness or from s, . witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give information 20s., touching such offence, (which oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer; and if the party or par or be commit ties accused shall be convicted of any such offence, either by ted to the his, her, or their own confession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay r*sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, nor less than fivfc Shillings, to that person or persons who shall prosecute to cong

g 3 vidtion

440 Anno videfimo priino Georgii Ml. C 67. [1781.

vksion any such offender or offenders; and if the person or persons so convicted shall refuse, or not be able forthwith to pay the sum forfeited, every such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace, within whose jnrifdiction the person offending shall beconvicted, be committed to the house of correction, or some other prison within the cities of London or ^cjiminfl^r^ or liberties thereof, or within the bills of mortality, within which the offence shall have been committed, or the offender shall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month.

III And be it further enacted by the authority 'aforesaid, ^a^thefor lat n ca^c the person or persons, giving such information as felt, though aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to attend, without some lawful the'informer excuse, to be allowed by the justice, such constable, or other should neglect peace officer, within the space or six hours from the time of to attend. making such information, he, she, or they so offending shall, upon proof being made on the oath of such constable or peace of'

'' that such person had given such information as aforesaid

(which oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), forfeit and pay any fom not exceeding forty Shillings, not less than ten Shillings, to such constable or peace officer s and in case the same shall not, upon demand being made by such constable or peace officer, be forthwith paid, the same, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice.

couitofamer IV And be it further enacted, That the court of mayor and

menimpowtr aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, shall have edt "jake full power and authority to make, frame, and.set down in writ gulathigdrtv rea^onahle rules, orders, or ordinances, for governing

ers of cattle and regulating all persons who shall drive any cattle, sheep, withinlondon calyes, or lambs, within the said cities of London or jvtjtminper, and Westmin* and liberties thereof, or the. bills of mortality, and to annex; cr# C reasonable penalties and; forfeitures for the breach of such rules, orders, and ordinances, not exceeding forty Shillings, left than ten Shillings, for any one offence: and such rules, or y ders, and ordinances, or any^of them, from time to pine, (o alter and amend.

The time for V Provided always, and be it enacted, That norhiog in this keepingfmith aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to em field Market power the said court of mayor and aldermen to (horten or ^toortened. abridge the time for keeping the said market open; but that tyre

........# same shall be kept open from the hour of twelve of the clock at

night till the hour of three of the clock in the afternoon on the, several market days, and at no other hours, unless the said court

of mayor and aldermen shall judge it proper to enlarge the time*for keeping it open.

Any justice VI And be it further dialled scythe autliority.afbre(aid, Thit within the any one justice of the peace of the cities of London or weftminjur, bills of mor Qr the bjlls of mortality, within whose jurifduftion say

tality may de' '?

annq vicefipo prirnp Geojig(1 III p. 67. .^1

offence shall be committed, shall have power to hear and deter termine coin mine, in a summary way, complaints of offences that shall be fj^c^a0 apnft committed contrary to any of the rules, orders, or ordinances, anyfru!ef at any time hereafter to be made by the said court, of the mayor made by the and aldermen, in pursuance of this act; and the said justice or courtot alder justices, and each of them respectively, within their respective mcn*.&c* jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorised and required upon view, or upon complaint made, on oath, to them respectively, of any such offence, committed within their respective jurisdictions, contrary to such rules, orders, or ordinances, within six days after the commission of any such offence, to issue his or their warrant or warrants, under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, directed to such constables, or other peace officer or officers, as the said justice or justices, or any one of them, shall, from time to time, think sir, thereby requiring him or them to*apprehend such offender or offenders, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said justice or justices, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions, to answer the matters of complaint to be contained in such warrant or warrants; and if^ the such offender or offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her, plrty i, C con. or their confession, or by the oath of one or more credible wit vidm, may nefs or witnesses, (which oath such justice or justices respective fine him. ly, or any one of them, is and are hereby authorised and re to administer), it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, or any one of them, to impose a fine upon him, her, or them, for the said offence, not exceeding the penalty or penalties which shall be inflicted in and by the said rules, orders, and ordinances; and if the person or persons, so convicted, shall neg Offender not led or refuse forthwith to, pay the penalty or forfeiture imposed P ""

him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful for such ju committed to (lice or justices, or one of them, in his or their respective juris the house ot diflions, immediately to commit the person or persons convict correction, ed to the house of correction, or other prison, within the jurisdiction of such justice or justices respectively, or any one of them, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar .month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid; all which penalties and forfeitures shall go and be paid to the person or persons who shall inform and prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person, who shall be apprehended for having com mitted any offence against this act, shall refuse to discover his, £ov "r thcic*her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to names and the justice or justices before whom he, she, or they, shall be places of a brought, such person or persons, so refuting, fhafl immediately be delivered over to a constable, or other peace officer, and shall common by him be conveyed to the common gaol, or house of correct gaol, ion, of the county or place where the offence shall be commit ed, or the offender or offenders shall be apprehended; there to remain for the space of one calendar month, or until he, she,

V they, shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and

G g 4 Place

44*

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 67. [1781.

place or places of abode, to the said justice, or to some other justice of the peace of the said county or place.

VIII Provided nevertheless, and be it enabled by the author an abstract of^a^ore^ai^> That an abstract of the several proviilons and pc the penalties nalties contained in this al, and all such rules, orders, and or contained in dinances, foto be made, from time to time, by the said court this act and of of mayor and aldermen, shall, within fourteen days after the to be*roadecb ma*c*ns such rules orders, and ordinances, be printed and thecoui tot al axed upon such of the most conspicuous places within the dermen, to be said cities of London and Westminjltr, and liberties thereof, and printed, C bills of mortality, in such manner as the said court shall think

proper, and, from time to time, order.

IX And be it further enacted. That in case any person, Warrants may against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice of the on offenders peace, either before or after conviction as aforesaid, for any of or their goods, fence again ft this actor against such rules, orders, and ordi outof theju nances, hereafter to be made, as aforesaid, shall escape, go into, rifdidion reside, or be in any other county, city, liberty, town, or place, wcre^raotes. out the jurisdiction of the person granting such warrantor

* warrants as aforesaid; if the goods and chattels of any offender, convicted of any offence in pursuance of this act, shall be ina different county, city, liberty, town, or place, than where the said party was convicted, or the warrant of diltrcfs granted, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, into which such person shall escape, either before or after conviction, or where his goods and chattels shall be after such conviction, and they, and every of them, are hereby required, within their respective jurisdictions, upon proof made, upon oath, of the hand writing of the said justice granting such warrant or warrants, to endorse his or their name or names on such warrant, and the same, when so endorsed, shall be a sufficient authority to all peace officers to execute such warrant in such other county, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the person granting the said warrant; and the said justices respectively, or any one of them, as the case shall happen, after indorfing the said warrant, may, on the offender or offenders being apprehended and brought before the said justices, or any one of them, within their respect ivejurisdictions, proceed to hear and determine the complaint in the same manner as if it had originally arose within their respective jurisdictions, or may direct the offender to be carried to the person who granted the said warrant, to be dealt with according to law.

Prosecution to 3c. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore becommenced said. That no person shall suffer any puniftiment for any offence within days committed against this act, unless the prosecution for the same alter the of foe commenced within fourteen days after the offence shall be ence, X committed j and that when any person shall suffer iroprisonmenr, pursuant to this act, for any offence contrary thereto, in default of payment of any penalty hereby imposed, or shall hereafter bfc imposed, for the breach of any of the rules, orders, and

ordinances,

443

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo gkorgii III C 67.

ordinances, which shall or may be made by the court of mayor and aldermen, as aforesaid, such person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such penalty.

XI Provided also, and be It enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by the order or judgement of any justice Ippcal to the of the peace, upon account of any offence committed, or sup quarter feffi posed to be committed, against this act, it shall and may be on*i

lawful for such person pr persons to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, city, or place, where any such conviction shall be made, the person or persons so appealing first giving security, in the sum forfeited, before such justice or justices in their refpedlve jurisdictions, to prosecute such appeal with efsect, and to abide, by the order or orders which shall be made on such appeal; and giving fourteen days notice, in writing, of such intention to appeal, to giving 14 days the party or parties on whose prosecution such conviction was notice founded, if there are so many days between the time of the conviction and such general or quarter sessions; and if there are not, then to the next subsequent general or quarter session which shall be held after any such convjdion; and the justices, in the said general or quarter sessions, are hereby authorised to hear and determine every such appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award such costs as to them shall appear to be just; and to cause to be levied, under the order of any such session, the costs which shall be awarded, together with such sum of money as any such court of session, on the hearing any such appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person who shall refuse to pay such costs and sum of money forfeited, or of the person or persons who shall have become furetyor furcties for him as aforesaid.

XII Provided also, and be it enacted, That no order or pro ?roceedingt ceedings to be made or had by or before any justice of the

peace, by virtue of this a, shall be qua (bed or vacated for of form, want of form; and that the order of the justices, at their general or quarter sessions, within their several jurisdictions, shall be final; and that no proceedings of any such justices qut of feffi ?Prhrcraovea- on, or in their said general or quarter sessions, in pursuance of^ji#y cerll°* this act, shall be removable by certiorari, or otherwise.

XIII And, for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders against this act, be it further enacted, That all and eve How justices ry the justice and justices of the peace, before whom any person to proceed for or persons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, cwivtftion of shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the follow offcndm* ingform of words, or in any other form of words to the same

efsect, as the case shall happen; (videlicet);

BE it remembered, That on the day of Form of

in the year of our Lord conviction.

A. B. is conviftcd before me C D. one of his Majesty's justices of tie peace for the cities of London or Westminster.

444 Anno vicesimo primo G£Q?GH l\ht C ($. {178 1.

.minder, the county of Middlesex, either on his own confejsign, sr, on the oath of one or more credible witness of witnefjes (as the case shall be, ) by virtue of an' aft, made in the twenty frfl year of thf reign of his mujejly King George the Third, to prevent the mijehiefs that arise from driving cattle within the cities of London and west minster, and liberties thereof and bills of mortality; [Specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case may be.]

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year above written.

Limitation of XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforeoid, *ftioni. That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act, it, 'shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after every such cause of action shall have accrued and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the county, city, or place, in which such offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere 5 and the defendant or derend cencral issue. ants n such action or suit, may plead the general iitue, and give this act and the special matrer in evidence at any trial or trials which shall be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before limited, or shall be laid pr brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the offence shall have been committed, then, and in any of such cases, the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or shall diicontinue his action or actions, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have Treble coda treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or may have for his or their costs in any other cases by law.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a pub lick aft; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVIII

jfn act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourth year of tie reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An. act for the more etfeftual punishing dealers of lead and iron bars, fixed to houses, or any fences belonging thereunto.

WHEREAS by an act, pafftd in the fourth year of the rain of his late majfjly King George the Second, (entitled An act for the more effectual puniffring dealers of lead or iron bars, fixed to houses, or any fences belonging thereunto; )

cnofltj,

public act.

Preamble. Recital of 4- Geo. », cap. 3*,

1781.] Anno viqefipo pruno Georgii UL c.68. 445

enafttd, That all and every person and persons, wfo ./2w/ri/>, cut, or breaks with intent to Jleal, any lead, iron, bar, iron gate, pal lijadoe, or iron rail whatsoever, being fixed to any dwelling house, outhouses, ioacb house, Jlable, or other building, ufedor occupied with fitch dwelling boufie, or thereunto belonging, or to any other building whatsoever, in any garden, orchard, court yard fence, or

outlet belonging to any dwelling*house, or other building, Shall be demeed and confirmed to be guilty of felony, and Shall suffer the paint and penalties therein mentioned; and all and every person and persont who Shall be aiding, abetting, or ajfisting, in Jhaling, or in such rip ping, cutting, or breaking, any lead, iron bar, iron gate, iron pallifadoe, or iron rail, fixed to any dwelling house, outhouses, coach house, fable, or. other. building, or fixed in any garden, orchard, courtyard, fence, or out let belonging to any dwelling 'house or other building j or who Shall buy or receive any such bad, iron bar, iron gate, iron pallifadoe, or iron rail, knowing the same to be fiolett, Shall be subject and liable to the same punishments as if he, Jhe, or they, had fiolen the same: and whereas the stealing of copper, brass, and bell metal, affixed to dweliing houses and the appurtenances thereto, is not expressly prohibited and made punishable by the said recited act oj parliament, whereby wicked and evil dispos ti persons have been encouraged to fieal the same, end others to buy and receive the same knowing the same to be Jlolen; for preventing of which, be it enacted by the king's tnoft excellent majesty, by. and with the advice and content of the lords spirituai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, prom t9 and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the first i7gf> au pcr day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, all Tonnes who (halt and every person and persons who shall deal, rip, cut, break, or ftca, »or.rf'. remove, with intent to steal, any copper, brass, bell metal, [nt utenfd, or fixture, being fixed to any dwelling house, out *anjr copper house, coach house, fiable, or other building used or occupied brass, See. with such dwelling house, or thereunto belonging, or to any fixed to any other building whatsoever, or fixed in any garden, orchard, courtyard, fence, or outlet, belonging to any dwelling house, foall bedeem or other building, or any iron rails or fencing setup or fixed in ed guihy of any Square, court, or other place, (such person having no title, felony, and or claim of tide thereto, ) shall be deemed and construed to be ^tedt'orfe" guilty of felony; and the court by and before whom such per venyeai^&c. Ion or persons shall be tried and convicted, shall, and hereby have power and authority to transport such felons for the term of seven years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and statutes of this realm; or to order and direct that such offender be kept and detained in pri (bn, and therein kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year j and within that time, if inch court shall think fit, such offender shall be once, or oftener, ^but not more than three times, publicly whipped: and all and fonsaflifting every person and persons who shall be aiding, abetting, or assist in such (feeing, in Healing, or in such ripping, cutting, breaking, or remov 108* mg, any copper, brass, bcu metal, uteofil or fixture, fixed to any jj£ tj^uyr

dwelling *

by

44 Anno vicesimo primogsorgii III C 69. [ 1781^

knowing them dwelling house, outhouses, coach house, or other building, 'to be stolen, or fixed in any garden, orchard, courtyard, fence, or outlet, to*the fames' belonging to dwelling house, or other building, or any iron punishments. rais or ^nc*rtg» up or fixed in any square, court, or other*place 5 or who shall buy or receive any such copper, brass, bell metal, utensil, or fixture, iron rails, or fencing, knowing the same to be stolen, shall be subject and liable to all and every the same punishments, pains, and penalties, as if he, she, or they, had stolen the same, although the principal felon or felons has not or have not been convicted of dealing the same 5 any law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIX

t

An ah to explain and amend an an, made in the twentynintb years the reign of his late majesty King George the Second entitled An act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the (leal ing, and the buying and receiving of stolen lead, iron, copper, brals, bell metal, and solder j and for more effectually bring: ing the offenders to justice.

Preamble, WHEREAS by an an, passed in the twenty ninthyeat of th

V V reign of his late majesty King George the Second (entitled, Recital of An act for the more effectually discouraging and preventing the *9 Geo. *, dealing, and buying of stolen lead, iron, copper, brass, bch ^3°. metal, and solder; and for more effectually bringing the offenders to justice)) praviftons were made Jor punishini the receivers and buyers of lead iron, copper, brass, bell metal oad solder, knowing the same to be stolen: and whereas the aid act for been found by experience to tend to good and useful purposts, and to prevent many felonies being committed in refpen to the several article therein mentioned; but the metal called Pewter not being mentimi or included in the said act, evil disposed persons have taken advantagi thereof \ and the Jlealing of pewter pots, and other pewter, and ibt buying and receiving such pewter pots, and other pewter, knowing tbt same to be stolen, is become a great and notorious evil; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the (amc, every ** That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven person who hundred and eighty one, every person who shall buy or receive shall buy or any pewter pot, or other vessel, or any pewter in any form or

teceive any, (hape whatever, knowing die same to be stolen, or unlawfully

or other^pew come by \ or shall privately buy or receive any stolen pewter, ter, knowing by differing any door, window, or shutter, to be left open or the'lame to unfastened, between fun setting and fun rising, for that purpose;

be stolen, See. or shall buy or receive the same at any time, in any clandestine vision be" marmlcr* from any p^son or persons whatsoever; shall, bang transported as thereof convicted by due course of law, although the principal a felon for fe. felon or felons has not or have not been convicted ot/ftealing ven years, C the same be trapsported, in like manner as oilier fclons are du

447

1781.] Anno vicegfno primo Georgii III C 70.

tcfted to be transported by the laws and statutes of this realm, for any time not exceeding (even years, or be kept and detained m prison, and there in kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year; and within that'time (if such court shall think fitting) such offender or offenders shall be once, or oftener, but not more than three timds, pub lickly whipped.

CAP. LXX

An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the rein of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for efta blifting certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eafi India company, as well in India as in Europe, as relates to the administration ofjujiice in Bengal; and for toe relief of certain persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, finder a moment of the supreme court of judicature; and also for indemnifying the governor-general and council of Bengal, and all officers who .have, acted under their orders or authority, in the undue resistance made to the process of the supreme court.

WH E R E A S, in virtue of an act paffid in the thirteenth year Preamble.

of his prtfent Majesty's reign, intitule d, An act for establift Recital of mg certain regulations for the better management of the affairs ijgeo.j.c.6j. orthe East Indiacompany, as well in India as in Europe, his ma hit royal letters patent of the twenty sixth day of March, in the fourteenth year of his reign, did create and confiitute a court of retard, to be within the factory of Fort William, at Calcutta in Bengal, called The supreme coart of judicature at Fort William in Ben ga, with sundry dir eft ions, powers, and authorities to the said court, tn the said letters patent set forth and expressed: and whereas many doubfs and difficulties have arisen concerning the true intent and meaning of certain clauses and provisions in the said act and letters patent, and by reason thereof dijfenfion hath arisen between the judges of the supreme court and the governor-general and council of Bengal; and the minds of many inhabitants, subject to the said government, have been disquieted with fears and apprehensions \ further mifihiefs may possibly ensue from the said misunderstandings and iifcontents, if a seasonable and suitable remedy be not provided: and whereas it is'expedient that the lawful government of the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, should bejupportei, that the t revenues thereof should be collected with certainty, and that the inha / bitants should be maintained and protected in the enjoyment of all I their ancient laws, usages, rights, and privileges: may it therefore i please your Majesty that it maybe enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of The governor Hie same, That the governor-general and council of Bengal stall sfner?j ad not be subject, jointly or several ly, to the jurisdiction of the fu ^gaj not to preme court of Fort William in Bengal, for or by reason of any be subject to act or order, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, coun the supreme''court

4+8

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 70. [1781,

felled ordered, or don by them in their public capacity only and adding as governor-general and council Persons im* II And it is hereby enacted and declared That if any person pleaded in the or person ftnj] be impleacted, : irv any action or proofs, civil or for*aft8cdone criminal in the said fupretne court, for any act or acts d6ne by by order of the order of the said governor-general and council in writing, he the governor or they may plead the general issue, and give thetqid order in general, C evidence; which said order, with proof that the act or acts done fttnerahitue. las 01 *iavc been on ^dbrdipj tb tli* purport of the same, shall amount to a fufficientjuftification of the said. acts, and the defendant shall be fully juftlfied, acquitted, and difehareed from all and every suit, action, and jprocefs whatsoever, civil or criminal, in the said cottft.

Piovifo. I In. Provided always, That with respect to Tilth order or or j ders of the said governor-general and council as do or shall tx i tend to arty British subject or subjects, the said court (toil have I and retain as full and competent jurifdjftion a if this act had never been made.

The governor-general, C to remidn liable to any complaint before a competent court in this kingdom.

If any person making complaint to the supreme court against the governor-general, See shall execute a bond to the company to prosecute the same in some competent court in Great Britain, Sec.

such person may compel, by order of the court, the production of copies of the orders complained of, See.

IV Provided also, That nothing herein contained flttfl tx tend, or be Confirmed to extend, to discharge or acquit the said governor-general and council jointly or fefcefuhy, . Of Wiy jther person orpttffbns Aftdag by or under their order, irobh my can plaint, salt, or process, before my competent court in this kingdom, or to give any other authority whatsoever Co their ab, than aftsof the same nature and description had, by thekwsaod statutes of this kingdom, before this act was made.

V Andy in order to prevented abuse of the powers given to tit governor-general and council, be it further ertafted. That in case any person, by himself, or his attorney or counsel, shall make a complaint to the supreme court, and enter the same in writing, and upon oath, of any oppreflton or injury, charging the bote to be committed by the said governor-general, or any member or members of the council, or any other person or persons by or in virtue of any order given by the said governor-general and council, and shall execute a bond, with (bme other person whom the said court shall deem responsible, jointly and several ly, to the united Baste India company, in such a penalty as thecoun shall appoint, effectually to prosecute the said complaint by indictment, information, or action, in some competent court in. Great Britain, within two years of the making of the same, or of the return into Great Britain of the party or parties against whom the same is made; that then, and in such case, the party complaining shall be, and i6 hereby enabled to compel, by order of the court, the production in the said supreme court of true copy or copies of the order or orders of council complained of, and to have the same authenticated by the court, and to examine witnesses upon the matter of the said complaint, and also on the part of the person or persons complained of; and die said parties, as well complaining as complained of, shall have and enjoy several ly all manner ot advantages, rights, and privileges, relative to proof of the said complaint er defence, and

tlfo

1781.} Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 70. 449

*lfo relative to any Mandamus or commission to be issued by any of his majesty'fc courts in jvejlminjur hally in case the court up n motion shall think fit to issue the fattie, as are provided in *..

'case of any fiiifc in such Cases by art a ft of the thirteenth year of his majesty's reign, intituled, Ah aft sir ejltiblijbing Certain rtgu idtipns for the better management of the affairs of the east-india mw 'fany* as well in India as in Europe; and the supreme court shall shave the same powers for the compelling witnesses to appear tend be examined, and the same roles and directions shall be observed for the tranfmittirtg the depositions of winrdfts and other papers to this, kingdom, as are provided by the foid recited

^1^i ^#11 ti sit

VI And be it further 'enacted, That all copies so authenti copies of created

of orders'of the said governor-general and Council, and ders, C shall also the depositions which shah. *hatfe ben taken in manner !?* received #, aforesaid before the supreme dtfurtr Thillhe recefaeditv' evi ih/court^at^ (fence in any of: fei$ Alajesty*$ couffs 6f Jaw or equity at West wcftmix^iler. mimffer.. *

VII And be it further ertacted, That no profeciitioh or suit Limitation of ihau he. carried pdagainst the said. governor-general, or any action kqember of the council, before aoy coiirt in Great Britain

(tnq high court of parliament only excepted), unless the same shall be .commenced within five years after the offertce committed Qr within five years after his arrival ti 'England.

VTII. And be it further enacted. That the said foprtrme court suprcmr shall not have or exercise any jurisdiction in any matter con ccrnihg the revenue, or concerning any act or acts ordered or ritdiction in done in the collection thereof, according to the usage and prac any matter tice of the country, or the regulations of the governor-general and council.;

IX And, for removing all dotibts concerning the persons No person subject to the jurisdiction of the said fupremfe Court, be it enact shall

ed. That no perfop stall be subject; the jurisdiction of the fu dtftioaof the preme court, for.or, by reason of his feeing a landowner, land supreme coure holder, or farmer of land, or of land rent, or for receiving a onaccount of payment or pension in lieu of any title to, or ancient possession or

of, land or land rent, or for receiving any compensation or share ^rmer of profits for ccllefting of rents payable to the public out of land, Ac. such lands or districts as are actually farmed by himself, or those who are his under tenants in virtue of his farm, or for exercising within the said lands and farms any ordinary or local author ity.commonly annexed to the possession or farm thereof, within the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa, or For or by reason of his, becoming security for the payment of the rents reserved orotherwise payable out of any lands qr farms, or farms of land within the provinces of Bengal, b'ah/ify and Oriffa.

X ""' w

reason

general and council, or by any person deriving authority under C them, or for or on account of his being employed by a native or defeetutant of a native of Great Britain, shall become subject 6», *to

1 the provinces ot Bengal, Bahpf^ and Oriffa.

And be it further enacted, That no person, for or, by nwf°rjd 1 1 of his being employed by fhd company, or the gdvernov tkpcompany# \

except In action! for tref pafic!. See.

The name, description, and place of abode, of every native employed in the service of the company in finy judicial office, Sec. shall be entered in a book.

On the death of any person employed by the company his name shall be entered in a book.!

All British subje£h shall enter, in the provincial office, the name and place of abode of their native stew ardt agents, C

Penalty on British fub employ

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 70. [1781.

to the jurisdictiion of the supreme court in any matter of inheritance or succession to lands or goods, or in any matter of dealing or contra between party or parties, except in actions for wrongs or trespasses, and also except in any civil suit by agreement of parties in writing to submit the same to the decifionof the said court.

XI Andy for the more perfectly ascertaining those of the no tives who Shall be subjeti to the jurtfdiftion of the supreme courts an account of their being employed by any of his Majesty's British jub jefis j be it enacted, That, on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the governor-general and council shall cause the name, description, and place of usual abode, of all and every native employed in the service of ths east-india company In any judicial office, or as principal native omcei; of any district in the collection of revenue, or in any commercial concerns of the company, (except as hereinbefore excepted j, to be entered in a book or books alphabetically disposed, diringuifhing the district in which the said officers are employed; of which book or books two copies shall be made, one of which shall remain in the provincial office; and tyre other of which shall be registered in the supreme court; and the governor-general and council are hereby required to register, or cause to be registered, the name of every person who Inal] afterwards be appointed to succeed to any office vacant or new created, within three months of the said appointment or creation.

XIT And be it further enacted, That whenever any person or persons shall happen to die, or shall be removed from any judicial office or employment whatsoever, in the service of the eaj] India company, the name or names of such person or persons so dying or removed, as aforesaid, shall be entered in a book or books for that purpose, to be kept in the manner aforesaid.

XIII And It is hereby further enacted, That all and every of his majesty's Brit if.'? subjects shall, in like manner, cause to be entered in the provincial office of the district in which the said British subjects doth most commonly reside, the name, description, and place of abode, of his native steward or stewards, agent or agents, or partner or partners, in any concern of revenue, or merchandise (if any such steward, agent, or partner he hath), and in like manner shall enter or cause to be entered, within three months from the time of succession or new appointment, or new partnership, the names of him or them who are dismissed, dead, or new appointed, in the said provincial office; and the president of the said council is directed to tranfmir, within three months, to Calcutta the name of every person who shall succeed to the said employment or partnership, for which a see of one Sicca rupee for every entiy, and no more, shall be paid to the officer keeping the said register.

XIV Andiae it further enacted, That if any Britishfutjeft shall be conyidted, before the supreme court, of employing any

native

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 70;

native agent, or engaging with any native partner, not regiftef in^anv native CD as herein before is provided, or who shall be bona side, and i ^ercd* hi effect and substance, such agent or partner, (although by B covin, collusion, or deceit, the same may be covered and cori cealed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this at), the said British subjets, if in the company's service, shall forfeit on conviction, the sum of five hundred pounds, and if not in the company's service, shall forfeit one huhdred pounds, to any person suing for the same.*'

XV And it is hereby further enabled, That no native shall, ertm

after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fajar before 'eighty three, be entitled to receive any fee Or salary except from he js register the day of the date of his regiilry.: ed.

X VI And be it further enatf ed, That if any British European Penalty on subject shall engage in any concern of trade with a native partner »tifh euro not regilvcfred as herein directed, the said British subjecst shall not be entitled to recover or receive any sum or sums of money tragic by reason of the said joint concern, or to compel an account flrrrive part thereof, by any suit in law or equity, in any court within the ners notreg? feid provinces; and arty person, profecotmg to conviction, in the fupretne court, a British subject having a native partner or agent not being registered as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall recover, by due process of the said court, the whole of the felar^y engaged for, and shall also be entitled so an account and receipt or the said British subject's share of profit of any partner ship entered into with any person or persons not conforming to the regulations of this act.

xvfl. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the supreme *

court of judicature at fortlvuliam in Bengal, shall have full preme court: I

power and authority to hear and determine in such manner as hallderer j is provided for that purpose in the said charter or letters patent, all and all manner of actions and' suits against all and Angular homedao \ the inhabitants of the said city of Calcutta; provided that their Gentu ujbabi i inheritance and succession to lands, rents, and goods, and all tantt of cal matters of contract and dealing between party and party, shall cutta#«be determined, in the case of Mahomeddns, by the laws and ufa*"''ges of Mahomedam, and in case of Genius, by the laws and ufam

'ges of gents \ where only one of the parties shall be a m.d. hemedanox Gentu, by the laws and usages of the defendant.

XVIII And, in order that regard Should be had to the civil and The autfio ( religious usages of the said natives, be it enacted. That the rights and matters of and authorities of fathers of families, and masters of families, ac families. cording as the same might have been exercised by that Gentd, ot among the 'Mahomedan law, shall be preserved to them respectively within native, 10 b their said families; nor shall any acts done in confequehce of Preffeivcd>^the rule and law of cast, respecting the members of the said families only, be held and adjudged a crime, although tha&me may not be held justifiable by the laws oi England.

XIX And be it further enabled. That it shall and may be The Supreme

lawful for the supreme Coort of.judicature at Fort William in coyrtmay j&engal, to frame such process, and make such rules acfd orders £ anrj? iuch; Vail. XXXIII EJ h for forra8ofpro

452 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 70. [1781.

cefr, Sec. in for the execution thereof, in suits civil or criminal against the iuiu against natives of Bengal, Bahar and Oriffa, as may accommodate the a«eflull full Tame to the religion and manners of such natives, so far as the tbetr religion same may consist with the due execution of the iaws and attain andmanners, ment of justice.

Such forms to XX Provided always, and be it enacted, That such new be transmitted forms ofprocess, and rules and orders for the execution thereof, to one of the ^ajj forthwith transmitted to one of his majesty's principal state, so^hu fccretaries of state, to be laid before his Majesty for his royal ap majesty'i approbation, cor red! ion or refusal; such process shall be used, probation. and such rules and orders shall be observed, until the same shall be repealed or varied, and in the lad case, with such variation as shall be made therein.

XXL And whereas the governor-general and council or some com tniitee thereof \ or appointed therebyy do determine on appeals and references from the country or provincial courts in civil causes; be it fur the governor there enabled, That the said court shall and lawfully may hold all general, Sec. such pleas and appeals, in the manner and with such powers as may deter it hitherto hath held the same, and shall be deemed in law a peal and P", court f record; and the judgements therein given shall be final Stall be deem and conelusive, except upon appeal to his Majesty, in civil suits ed a court of only, the value of which shall be five thousand pounds and upwards.

XXII And it is hereby further enacted, That the court aforesaid shall, and is hereby declared to be a court to hear and determine on all offences, abuses, and extortions, committed in the collection of revenue, or of severities used beyond what shall appear tq the said court customary or necessary to the case, and to punish the same according to found discretion, provided the said punishment does not extend to death, or maiming, or perpetual imprisonment.

XXIII And it is hereby enacted. That the governor-general and council shall have power and authority, from time to

1 time, to frame regulations for the provincial courts and councils; and shall, within six months after the making the said regulations, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, copies of all the said regulations to the court of directors, and to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state; which regulations his Majesty in council may disallow or amend; and the said regulations, if not difallovved within two years, shall be of force and authority to direct the said provincial courts, according to the tenor of the said amendment, provided the same do not produce any new expense to the suitors in the said court.

XXIV And whereas it is reasonable to render the provincial magi ftr at es, as well natives as British subje£ls% more safe in the execution of their office; be it enacted, That no action for wrong or injury shall lie in the supreme court, against any person whatsoever extreifing a judicial office in the country courts, for any judgement, decreet or order, of the said courtt nor against any person for any act done by or In virtue 0? the order of the said court.

XXV And

record;

and shall determine on all offences committed in collecting.the revenue, See.

The said court may frame regula tions for the provincial courts, Prejudicial

officers in the country courts not liable to actions for wrong, Sic. in the supreme court for their decreet, kc.

17$i.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 70. 453

XXV And be it further enacted, That in case of an infor No role, C mation intended to be brought or moved for against any such 01 made

-. 17 o X j1 on intorma

officer or magistrate, tor any corrupt act or acts, no rule Or t; on against other process shall be made or issued thereon until notice be any such of given to the said magistrate or officer, or left at his usual place ficer> until. of abode, in writing, signed by the party or his attorney, one £agpb[cn°tlce month, if the person exercising such office shall reside within g" eu utbim. fifty miles of Calcutta two months, if he shall reside beyond 5 fifty miles, and three months if he shall reside beyond one hundred miles from Calcutta, before the suing out or fervrng the same; in which notice the cause of complaint shall be fully and explicitly contained; nor shall any verdict be given against such magistrate, until it be proved on trial that such notice hath been given, and in default of such proof, a verdict with costs shall be given for the defendant.

XXVI And be it further enacted, That no magistrate shall No such ma

be liable, in any such case, to any personal caption or arrest, gyrate liable nor shall be obliged to put in bail, until he shall have declined hcrftialiun to appear to answer after notice given as directed by this act, hav/declined and service of the process directing his appearance by himself or to appear to his attorney. aufwer, C

XXVII And whereas certain natives India reftding at Patna, by the names and defcriptkns of Mir Burcut Ulla, and Gullam Mucdum, men of the law attendant on the provincial council of Patna, and a native of Hindostan, called Behader Beg, are now end have been for upwards of two years imprisoned at Calcutta; in execution for damages recovered against them in certain atiions in the said supreme court: and whereas through ignorance or other misapprehension of the low, the time during which an appeal might have been presented to his Majesty in the privy council hath expired*be

it therefore enacted, That the said three persons shall be forth Certain na with discharged from the said imprisonment by the person or t, ve?» pnfol> persons in whose custody they now are, or shall be, by virtue*# To be d of the said executions, on security being given for the damages charged; 'recovered; which security the governor-general and council are on Security hereby required to cause to be given on their behalf; and that being given it (hail be competent to appeal to his Majesty in council against for damage the aforesaid judgement, in like manner, and to the same efsect, vernor^cne as if such appeal had been presented within the time for that ra and coun purpose limited by the charter. cil.

XXVIII And whereas in the late dijfenfions between the governor-general and the judges in Bengal, many things have been done not jujlifiable by the Jlrift rules of the law it is hereby further enacted

and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor The governor-general and council, and advocate general, are jointly and several ly, and all persons acting under their orders, so far as the for refitting same relates to the resistance to any process of the supreme he execution court, from the first day of January one thousand seven hun of the order dred and sevenry nine, to the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty, be, and are hereby indemni pranac fied, discharged, and saved harmless from any action, suit, or

454

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 71, 7^. [1781.

profecutlon whatsoever, for or on account of the. said.dilbbe dience and refinance to the execution of the orders of the said court.

CAP. LXXI

An a fgi; vetting the parish church of Saint Christopher le Stocks, in the city of London, and the materials and site thereof, and the church vaid thereto adjoining, in the governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever and for uniting the said parish to the parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in the said city.

Preamble. Recital of 4 Geo. 3. cap. 49. 5 Geo. 3. cap. 91. 6 Geo. 3.

cap. 76. Parish church of St. Christopher le Stocks and churchyard lested in the bank. Sheriffs of London to summon a jury, to settle and after tain the value to be paid by the bank. Witnesses may be examined on oatfa. Verdi of Jury, C to be final. purchase money to be applied in d

charge of debts contracted by the parish. Remainder to be in veiled in purchase of houses See. or in government or real security, in the names of bishop of London, rector and churchwardens, The rents C to repair church of st.margaret Lothbury and parsonage house thereto, and remainder as truttees shall dire. Parish of St. Christopher's united to the parish of St. Margaret Lothbury. Incumbent to enjoy all tithes, See. suni vor of the present incumbents to enjoy both livings. Not to affect the lord chancellor's right of presentation. Power of removing bodies. Power of removing monuments, See. The parishes to be kept diftin#. The patrons to have alternate presentation. rcctor of St. Christopher to allow the rector of St. Margaret for doing duty. Plate and goods belonging to St. Christopher's to be enjoyed by the churchwardens of St. Maieaitt Indemnity to the reftor for not reading the thirty-nine articles. Vaults to be made in the churchyard. The bank to purchase a new burial ground. The parish of St. Christopher to contribute to the repair cf St. Margaret's church, See. All donations, C to continue as heretofort. Service at St. Margaret's to be effectual. Recital of the proviso in the 5 Geo. 3. respecting the providing a parsonage house.' The said proviso re

Staled. Reciting, that doubts may arise concerning future tithes, C

ank to be charged with all tithes, taxes, See. in the same proportion as the other parts of the parish now pay. A rent of 30 s. a year to be paid to the rector in lieu of a passage to bis vauiu General laving. Public act

CAP. LXXII

An act for the better maintaining and regulating of the poor within the town of Plymouth Dock, and parish of Stoke Damarell, in the county of Devon \ and for paving, - cieansing, and watching the streets, lanes, and passage?, and removing and preventing encroachments, nuifaoce!, and annoyances, and regulating the drivers of coaches, chaises, aod carts, and aifo chairmen, and porters, within the said town.

Preamble. That the town of Plymouth Dock and parish of Stoke Dama rell much increased. Commissioners names. Meetings of the comroifso erst Who are to defray their own expenses, for appointing new com zniffioners. Qualification of commissioners. Commissioners to take an oath that he is in right of himself or wife poftefted of 301. per annum, real estate, or of stool personal Penalty on acting not being Qualified. 50l No comraifiioner to awhile hcholds any place of profit under the act, or shall be church warden or overseer. Commissioners may a as justices. Proceedings of the commissioners to be recorded. Commissioners to ip! officers, and altow them salaries. Commissioners inquired to uke o. fcconty

455

II Anno ricefimo primo Georgii III C 72.

feeurity from their treasurer, tec. Officers to account, arid pay the balance. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, See. offender be to committed. The poor put under the care of the commissioners, and the workhouse, &c.vested in them. Overseers to pay the money to the coramissioners. To be applied by order of seven of them towards maintenance and employment of the poor, and to defray charges of aft. Commissioners authorised to makecontrafts for supplying the poor with necoffaries, altering or repairing the workhouse. See. Commis itoners authorised to agree for indemnifying persons against the maintenance of bastard children; for punching poor persons for milbehaving, may order moderate correction or confinement, or by distinction of dress, or abatement in diet. For punishing persons buying or receiving into pawiv any clothes, or other things, belonging to the poor, or to the work house, to forfeit treble value. Persons begging, to be taken into the workhouse. Power to grant occasional relief 10 poor persons ryot being in the workhouse. Not to alter the laws relatingto the office of church warden or overseer. Property of the pavements, See. veited in the commission en. Com missioner may order the streets to be paved, clean fed, and watched. Power to get materials; making satisfaction for damages. Penalty cm obstructing the works. Pavement not to be altered without the content Of Commissioners. Coinmissioners empowered to contraift for paving, deansing, and lighting the streets. Surveyors to inspect the works. Scavenger's duty to cleanse streets once a week, tec. Inhabitants to sweep the pavement before their houses. No person to carry away any soil except the scavengers. Persons at liberty to keep ashes, Sec, in their houses or yards, but in case their neighbours are annoyed thereby: penalty of 5 s. Penalty not to extend to rubbish occasioned by ereftingor repairing any buildings. Scavengers may lodge dirt in the streets with the commissioners consent. Regulations touching the emptying of boghouses. Signs, projections, and obstructions, to be removed For preventing nui teuces and obstructions in the streets; penalty 53. Penalty on persons not removing nuisances occasioned by bogities, Scc. 5 s. Carriages not to be drawn with a larger number of horses than are allowed by law on turnpike roads, and not to have the wheels less than six inches wide. Names of the streets. See. to be setup, and houses to be numbered. Fronts of all new houfds to be made perpendicular. Half the statute duty of the parish to be performed on the streets. Surveyors of the highways to give to the commissioners lists of the persons liable to perform statute duty. > Penalty for neglect. Commissioners may compound for statute duty. Power to appoint watchmen. Duty of the watchmen: to apprehend suspicious persons, tec. Regulation of Hackney chairmen, tec. Power to raise money by annuities towards paving, cleansing, and watching. The annuities charged upon the ratte. Form of the grant of annuity.

THESE presents witness, that we, thirteen of the commissioners for putting m execution an act of parliament made in the twenty first year of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the title of the ah by virtue of the powers and authorities by the said act given to and vened in the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and in confederation of the sum of to treasurer to

the said commissioners, in hand paid by before the

sealing and delivery of these presents, as appears by the said treasurer's receipt endorsed hereon, do hereby grant and assign unto the said

his executors, administrators, and assigns, one annuity or yearly min of out of the rates or affefimeots to be raised and levied,

by the said commissioners by virtue of the said act; which said annuity or early sum of shall be paid to the said his executors,

adraidiftrators, and assigns, at upon the

In every year for ever; and the first payment thereof shall be made upon the next ensuing the date of thete presents la Wltncfe

whereof, we have hereunto fet our hands and seals, the day of in the year of our Lord

4 Hhj No

45*> Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c-73-

No annuity to exceed five percent. Annuities transferrable. Form of the transfer.

ID transfer the within fecuriry, and all my right, title, and intereftin and to the same, and the annuity payable thereon, unto

executors, adminiltrators, and assigns. Witness my hand and seal, this day of

Power to recover the annuities by action of debt against the commitdoners, C Commissioners authorised to lay aflefiinents for paying the annuities and other purpoies of this act, except with respect to the poor. Churchwardens, See. to permit the commissioners to inspect the poor's rates'. Buildings not to be assessed while unoccupied. Power to recover afieft ments by diltress, See, Houses occupied by more than one tenant, to be paid by the landlord. In case tenants remove before payment of the assessments, the same to be paid by succeeding tenant, who may dedu& out of his rent. Lefiees under sir John Saint Aubynrto be deemed the owners of the houses. Power for sir J St. Aubyn to redeem the annuities. Vacating so much of all leases as subjects the lefiees to repairing the streets. Money to be raised by afieftments to be applied for paving, Sec. the streets. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money railed commissioners may place money in the hands of atbanker, and to cause their accounts to be Rated annually; but not to be personally answerable for contra£h, C This act not to discharge the commissioners from payment of the rates. No adioti to be discontinued on account of the death of the treasurer. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress, C and applied to carrying this act: into execution. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Saving of manerial rights. Persons distraining not to be deemed trelpaflers on account of defect in proceedings. Sec.'No plaintiff to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Writings not to be subject to stamp duty. Limitation of actions to 6 calendar months. General issue. Treble costs. Pubiid ad.

CAP. LXXIII

An act for diminishing the fees payable, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, the hamlets and liberties of the same.

Preamble. Recital of letters patent, dated May s, in 19 Car. a. Steward to issue a summons for debts between 40 s. and 5i. Form of plaint.

A. B. complains against C D. That he [orfhe] is indebted to the plaintiff in fbr goods sold and delivered,

[or as the case may be ]

Defendant to enter appearance. Form of plea, Sec.

C D. appears and confesses [or denies] the debt [as the case maybe] mentioned in the plaint ot the said A. B.,

On plea or default, steward to summon a jury. Mode of trial by jury and oaths of wnnefles: to hear the plaintiff or defendant themselves. Execution may he ifliied against person or goods. Debt may be paid by inltal menta. Defendant may appear and confess his debt. For fumraoniog jury, them who do not attend to forfeit os. to London hospital. Three days notice to be given to persons summoned to serve on the jury, kc, Commissioners of thetower Hamlets court of requests, exempted from fisrv ing on juries in this court. Wirneffis may be summoned: penalty of so, on di (obeying the same. Verdifts of the court to be final. For contempt 01 dilturbance of court, penalty sos. List of fees.

For

457

17&J.J .Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III g. 73.

For PLAINTIFF.

For entering every plaint, one shilling:

For summons and service, two Shillings and fixpeoce:

For summoning the jury, one shilling:

For entering and trial of the cause, tour Shillings s To the jury for every cause, two Shillings:

For every order and entering, one shilling t For subpoena and service, one shilling and Gxpences 1 For execution and service, one shilling.

For DE FEN DAN T.

For entering appearance, (ixpencex*For plea, sixpence 1

To the jury for every cause, two Shillings s For every order and entering, one shilling:

For fubpeena and service, one shilling and Gxpence;

For execution and service, one Grilling.

r On confefiing the debt.

For confession, one shilling:

For luminous and service, two Shillings and Gxpencet For order and entering, one shilling s For execution and service, one shilling.

The fees shall be divided into three parts, between the Reward, the patentee and the four attorneys, viz. Richard Cartwright, John Bexwell, Major Wright, and Robert Wright. Lilt of fees to be publicly hung up Steward John Mors Else to be sworn. The oath.

I A. B. do swear. That I will well and trtdy behave and demean njyfelf in the office of Reward of the King's roajesty's court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, the hamlets and liberties of the same j and I will well and rightly, justly and faithfully, execute the said office of Reward of the said court, and will administer and do full and speedy justice to the King's people in the same court, according to my belt discretion, knowledge, undemanding, and judgement and I will perform and observe all other things which do anyways belong or appertain to the office of Reward of the said court, according to my belt discretion, knowledge, underranding, and judgement. And I do further swear, That 1 will not by myself, or knowingly t>y any deputies, clerks, or servants under me, or by any other person or persons, receive or take, or cause, permit, or suffer to be received or taken, any greater or other sees in my said office of Reward, than such as are directed to be taken in and by an act, made in the twenty grr year of the reigh of his majery King George the Third, intituled, An act for diminishing the fees pay able, and altering the mode of proceeding, in the court of record within the manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, the hamlets and liberties of the same.

Steward may appoint a deputy. Deputy to be sworn. Protbonotary Richard Farmer. Steward may be removed for misbehaviour. punifii ment of persons guilty of perjury, same as others for the like offence. No action to be brought for anything done under this act without notice, C If tender be made of (ufficient amends, jury to Gnd for defendant. No actions but for debt, and on aflumpgt, (hau be recoverable under thia aft. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the Grit money arigng by fees. Public act.

45?> Anno vicesimo primo Gcokgii III C 74. [1781, :

CAP. LXXIV

An act for crewing a new gaol, and for removing certain gateway!, in the city of Gloucester; and for amending the several acts passed forlhe maintenance and support of the poor of the said city, and ligbtingt paving, and regulating the ftr$ets there.

Preamble. That the present gaol being in one of the principal ftieets is

inconvenient and in decay. Commissioners, the mayor of Gloucester, 19 of the aldermen and common council, and *0 other persons. To be chosen out of the several parches and college precinct by a majority of the inhabitants, in certain proportions. Persons to be commissioners for life, except as /ifter. Commissioners to be resident, and to have in right of himieif or wife 10 1. per ann. freehold, or lease of 151, per ann. or renting a hou e of 201. per ann. and so rated to the poor. Penalty on acting not being qualified 501, to be recovered by act. n of debt, on proof of hating ade<j. New commissioners to be chosen by inhabitants. Victuallers not to be commissioners. Meetings of commissioners, 5thtuefday after paling the ad, and may adjourn for 14. days on notice, C Hours of business betwten 10 in the forenoon and 4 in the afternoon. A chairman to be appointed who shall have the calling vote. All proceedings ofcoramif fioners to be at meetings, C Commiflipuers not to hold places of profit, chut being justices may ad as such, and may appoint officers, and allow them falanes. Officers to account if they refuie to account and pay the balance, they may be taken before a justice. Balance may be levied by diitrels. On failure of distress, dec. the officer may be committed tillaccounts are settled Power to treat for preiniles mentioned in the 'schedule to the ad. jnc^p^citaipd persons irapowered to treat. In case parties do not agree, value of premises to be ascertained by a jury. Jury to be fuinmoned, and may be^challenged. Witneflrs may be examined on o^tb. Judgement of commdfcojiers to be finsj. Coromiflloiters may fine flic; ills, C making default. Expenses of the jury, C if verdict for more V tbap offered, to be defrayed by the commissioners, 'if for less by the party.

On payment of purcbaie money, premises to be conveyed to the commissioners. Ipcafe of defective title, C purchase money to be lodged in the h^qds; of Re treasurer.. Mortgagees to convey in 6 months after notice ob payment. Occupiers at rack rent, of any premises purch^fed by <^j)>miffipners, to give up poffdljon thereof after 6 months notice. Com ipiffiopcrs to Build a new gaol. ' Sheriffs to have the keeping thereof, and tp repove ptifoners thijther. Until a new. gaol bp built, ibenffs to remove jjrupntrs Irom the old gaoj to Re gaol f Jbe coupty of Gloucester. The cap shall be (axed ain 1780. Comniiflioriers empowered to raise 3.4 po I. for Re afore/ald purposes; and toaicertain the funis to be paid by te respective pariffies, Scc. 'Tne powers relating' to the new gaol not to' intend beyond the limits of Re city of Gloucester. Entries to be made - in books py bills and accounts. Corporation not to be exempted from ufq'al]§tc. Ad 4 Gep. 3. C recifed. Places not in the county of tje^city, which have bpep uflndly rated to the pyor within th? pity, to he iubjed to the jurisdiction of city justices and guardians of the popr. The premises nevertheless to continue to be part of the county of Gloucester. jwtipe$ tp gd^ to Re ceo^ip^tea of money wanted for the poor mpo$y luffic^qt to make gpjo*) Re county flock, pertyn* aggrieved by the rate, ipay appeal to twojnflices} who shall determine the same. Justices to continue the hearing of appeals from day today until determined. If rates generally deftdive, justices may qualh them, and order others to hi ipade. No Certiorari to be allowed nil rates paid. Persons payineta the rates within the cify gpod witnesses. Perfops summoned as wtpelfy, not attending, to forfeit 5i. The poor's rates shall be published in several churches named in the at. Settlements of ballards to follow that of the mothers, if known. In case workhouse or house of correction shall be (hut up, lunatics or idiots to be returned to the places whence they were re <*iv$d. county flock to be settled ip junonth after Easter yearly. Work

.......i house

1781 i]'Anno yi#flnjo pritno Geoitch MI. 0.75.

boijfe accounts so be settled a 3 April yearly. Persons chosen guardians, re*fugog to act to forfeit, governor 10 1, deputy governor 7i. ios, aififtant or guardian 5i, Guardians not compellable to serve a second time within tour years, or aiter 60 years of age. Penalty of 5 s. on guardians not amending, or departing without leave. Lamps may be ordered to be lighted in dark nights, and omitted in moon light nights, between §9 Sept, and *5 Mar. College precinct and garden grounds for sale of produce not to be taxed. Justices toafeertain arrears of rates. Recital of part of the paving aft 17 Geo., 3- C 68. Juitices to ascertain the proportions of arrears of the expenses of obtaining he laid aft, and to order a rate. Ovcrieers refuting to make the rate, tp forfeit as much as ordered £0 be raided. The property of the soil a the. it recti, not taken away by the inhabitants, to belong to tbt parifo to be taken away by the scavenger, Ac.. Obliging furneyorsto account., Penalty on flaughtcring cattle, C in the four principal dreets, C so. for the first offence, nos. for the second, and 5i. for the third, open moiety to thj informer. Cattle not to be exposed ta sale iu either of the four principal streets, con penalty of 10 s. half to the informer. The furueyors to give notice to inhabitants to setup outs to bring the water down the (ides of the building fa case of negkft, the surveyors to do it.pt their pppence. For building party walli, on penalty of 5i. Letting dogs go unatuzgfed, penalty 5 s. Mayor enabled to order dogs to be (hut up. Expenses of paving before bourns void, to be recovered of the next tenant. Not to alter agreement between landlord and tenant. Scavengers to take away the aes, C from houses. Penalty on negfeft sop. and not left than 5 $. Appointment of surveyora as by former act. Expenses of this act to be paid out of vagrant money. or poor's rate in two years. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, giving % 1 days notice. If the corporation of Gloucester are in % teretted in the appeal, it shall be to the county sessions. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by didrefs and applied to the use of the poor in the workhouse. Juitices to proceed for conviction of offenders in this form.

BE it remembered, That on the in the year"

A. B. is convicted before me, for us, C D. E. F.J of his majesty's juitices of the peace tor the city of glou ctfterj [specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be]

Given under my [or, our] hand and seal, [or, hands and seals], the day and year sod above written.

Distress not unlawful for want of form, nor the party deftraining a tref pafler ab initio. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Mifnomers, or wrong deferip tion of premises, not to prevent the execution of this at. Writings to be. witjiout (lamps. Limitation of actions, not before si days notice, nor after 6 month. General issue. Treble costs. Public act. Act not to extend to purcbagng Nortligate, City Priion. Lower Northgate or Southgate.

CAP. LXXV

An act for appointing new commifjidrteris for continuing to carry inta execution the trulls and powers of ait aft passed in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for making the river Stower navigable, 'from the town of Maningtree, ill' the county of Essex, to the town of Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, in the room and place of those named in the said act who are (ince dead^and for explaining and amending the said actj and for other purposea therein mentioned.

Preamble. Recital of an act 4 aitn.c. 15. Oommifiioner* namee. Pive com mifitonert may aft. General meetings of com missioner list Monday in stpt. 1781! and lad Moaday i ftp, ycarift and ta defray tfaecr owfe ex *

peace.

Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 76. [tyli.

pencet. New coramissioners to be appointed by (even or more commit Sorters at a yearly meeting. Land for towingpatht to be fet oat. If par tie cannot agree, a jury to be furamoned. Fortner rents to landoatiers not to be diminished. Undertakers to make towingpaths. Not to affect owners right of soil. Proprietors to maintain bridges, gates, C and keep the bed of the river deepened and cleansed; and the locks, C in repair. In default of their so doing, commissioners to order the same to be done. Owners of boats, See. to paint their names and numbers thereon, and regiiter the same, on penalty of 5i. Stones or posts to be setup to mark the height of the water. Oue lock of water only for one gang of barg^. Powers for the commissioners to make byelaws. Fines and pe nalties to be recovered by diflrefe and sale. Entries to be inspected, and copies granted. Persons employed in towing vessels, for trefpaflet to make good the damages, and forfeit 50 s. to be levied by distress. landowners or tenants not to seize horses for trefpaites. Persons injuring the navigation to forfeit sol. one moiety to the informer, and the other to the miller, owner or occupier of land, or to the treasurer, to make good the damages. Offender may be committed to the house of corredkm for three calendar months. Millers and others obstructing the navigation to forfeit aol. to be recovered as other penalties, and a moiety to the informer and the other to the treasurer for the use of the proprietors. Millers to make satisfaction for damages. Bareertien embezzling goods, C to forfeit 51, to be levied by diftrefe, and in default thereof, the offender to be committed to the house of correction in Suffolk or Edex for three calendar months, Former act to remain in force. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefhons. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions, in six calendar months. General issue. Treble cotts. Expense s of this act to be paid by the proprietors. Public act.

CAP. LXXVI

An al for building a new church and redory house within the parilb of } Efcrick, in the county of York; and for confirming an agreement with'the rector of the said parish, for exchanging and exonerating from tithes certain lands and tenements in Efcrick aforesaid.

Preamble. That Beilby thomp(bn, Esq; is lord of the manor and pitroa of thoparifh church of Efcrick, and ieized ia see of all the open fields there. The glebe lands and parsonage veiled in Mr. Thompson; alb the present church, chanoel, and churchyard. The tithes of Mr. Thompson's lands in the township of Efcrick extinguished. Rector to be indtied to the tithes to the time of passing the ad. Annual rent, equal to the value of 353 bushels of wheat, payable to the rector, in part satisfaction for the glebe and tithes. Justices or assize to ascertain the price of wheat at the end of every twenty-one years, if applied to for that purpose. Rent charge, if unpaid for a8 days, to be recovered by diltrefs? if unpaid for 60 days, by entry, and receipt of profits. Grounds veiled in the rector in further satisfaction for his glebe and tithes, particularly mentioned, containing 85 acres, 1 rood, and 19 perches. Mr. Thompson empowered to take to his own use all trees of the girth of 30 inches within two yean. Mr. Thompson to indofe land for the new redory house, and to take down the present redory house? and to build a new redory house, and outbuildings thereto in 3 years j and also to take down the present church. The bells to be removed to the new church. Mr. Thompson to ered a new church in the said 3 years; and may make a vault or busying place under the church, for his own family and friends? and have the ftrft choice of pews. The new church to be deemed the parish church. The rector to have same eftete in the new church as in the old t and Mr. Thompfen, as patron, to have the same right of presentation as he now hath. The new parsonage house and chancel to be kept in repair by the rector; and the body of the .church by the occupiers of lands and tenements in the parish. Saving surplice feet and mortuaries to the rector, rector's lands pot to be afteffed to church rates. General taring..

17? i; ] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.77 st. 4$*

CAP. lxxvn.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the'power j, of two acts of the ninth and twenty-eighth yean of hit late majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair such part of the roads defer ibed in the last mentioned act at leads from the end of Culham Bridget to Culham, in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the county of Berks $ and from The mayor's Scone at the end of Boat Street, in the town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said county of Berks, and from thence to the west end of the town offy field, in the same county.

CAP. LXXVIII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made tin, thefirji year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading frojn the town of Falmouth, m the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helstone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the westward' of the said, and bridge.

CAP. LXXIX

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowftownnefsty the west of the borough of Linlinthgow, end

by the towns */torphichen, Batligate, and Whiteburn, and from thence southward to the confines of the county^Linlithgow

or near Hollhouseburn,

CAP. LXXX

An act for more effectually repairing the road leading from the < town of Denbigh to the town of Saint Afaph, and from thence to'the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties 0/* Denbigh and'Flint $ and for repealing an act, made in the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as the Jame relates to the said road. '

CAP. LXXXI

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the riign of his late majesty King George the - Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the turpike road near the west end of the town of chejfter field to Matlock Bridge, and also the road leading out ot the said road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Green and also the road leading out of the last mentioned road to the turnpike road near Rowefly Bridge, in the county of Derby.

.Anno vicefirto primo Georgii III. C 82-^w.

CAP. LXXXII

A act for repairing and widening the road from Wilmflow Bridge, in Wilmflow, in the county of\chester, through Nether Alderlcy and the town of Corigleton, to or near the Red Ball in Chuxth Lawton, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXII I.

An act for repairings widening, and altering the road from the pn font turnpike road upon Greenhifl Moor, near Norton, in the county of Derby, to Hathersage, in the same county, through tie several parishes of Norton, dr&nfield, and Hathersage, in lit'said county of Derby; and also the road from the road leading from Chesterfield to Hemftone Lane Head, near Stoney mid dleton, to Totley, through the several parishes of Bakewell, Hope, Hathersage, and Dronfield, all in the Jaii county if Derby.

CAP. LXXXIV

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powtn of an acts mode in the thirty second year of the reign of his ku majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plymton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, m the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXXW

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in tit

m second .year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An t for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Leicester and War wicky and in the county of the city of Coventry.

CAP. LXXXVI

An act for continuing and amending an act made in the thirty third year of his late majesty King George the Seconds for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to the borrough of Laumejtony in the county of Cornwall. ^

CAP. LXXXVII

A alt for repairing and widening the road from a certain gate ok the turpike toady at or near the south end of the town of Weftort on the Green, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road Oft kid lington Green, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXVIII

An act for continuing the term cf art act made in the twenty feveati

1*

1781.] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 89 — 93.

year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcejler, in the said county, and Feckenbam, to a place called Bradly Brook, in the county of Worcester; and from Alee fiery through Great Coughton and Crjir Cross, in the said county of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burr cot ty to the Cross of Hands y on a Common called The Letkbay; and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnelly to Bromsgrove, in the said county of Worcester.

An ab to enlarge the term and powers of an aby passed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second ibr amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high roads from the borough of Tamworth to abby de-la zoucb in the county of Leicefttr^ and from Sawley Ferry in the said county to a.turnpike gate at or near the end of swarcliff-laney leading to, and in the pahfh of, ajbby de*la zoucb aforesaid *

ab to enlarge the term and powers of an ab made in the first year'of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the eaftem end of the borough of Grampound in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Saint Aufiell and Loftwithiely and from thence to the east end of the Western tapbouje lane in the said county.

An ab for enlarging the term and powers osso much of an aby made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the roads from deanburn bridgey through Greenlaw, and part of the Jedburgh road by Lauder, in the shire of Berwick, to corn hilly in the county of Durham.

An ab for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of. an aby made in the thirty third year of Hs late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feverat roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leiceftery and Warwick \ and for amending and keeping in repair the road branching from part of the said roadsy between Meafham in the said county of Derby, and burton upon trent, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road at or near The Bull's Head &lc house, in Twycross, in the said county o/leicefter.

.463

CAP. lxxxix.

CAP. XC

CAP. XCL

CAP. XCII

CAP. XCII I.

JUST for xontinuingtbtterm% and fluting, and tnlarging thrpow

trs.

Anno vtc^firoo primo Georgii C 94 — -98. [ 178r.

crt of so trmh of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, tor amending and widening the road from the market house in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley* and from p ydmoft o holly Hall, and from cioty Gate to halefow en, and from turnpike road on Dudley Wood to Rednol gre^ri, in the parkh' of king's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the *5/// Itin. at \ndrthjfetii, in the counties of Wortefltr, Stafford, and Salop as related tojhe road from Dudley Wood to \ Rednal, Green, and from .Cartels Lane to the Beil Inn at Northfield. *

CAP. XCIV

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the twenty feyenth year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the highroad from Wejlwood Gate, in the parish of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rufhden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artie borough Bridge, to the turnpike road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the parish of Barton Seagrave, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XCV

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the pouters osso much of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second for repairing and widening certain roads therein dejeribed, as relate to the road, s from Otley to Skipton, in the county of York; from Skipton to Colne, in the county Lancaster \ from skiptqo to clitheroe, in the said county.

CAP. XCVI

An act for continuing and amending an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for amending and widening the roads from the west end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the county of Tori, to a place called Blue Belly near Colne, in the county of Lancaster; and from a place called The Two Laws to Kighley, in the said county of york.

CAP. XCVII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two assis, passed in the

'ninth and twenty-eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King

George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads there in defer ibed, so far as the same relate to the road from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a place called mile stone, in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said county,

CAP. XCVIII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second

178 t j] Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III c.99h-103..

for repairing several roads yso far as relates to the road from Leeds to Otlcy in the west riding of the county of Tori.

CAP. XCIX

An al for continuing the term of an acty made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majestyy fax repairing, widening, and mending, the road from Cocking Endy neat Additogbam, in the west riding of the county of Torky through Kildwici, to Black Lane End, in the county palatine of Lantafter.

CAP. C

An ct for more effectually repairing the road leading from the ft ones end in Kent Street, in theparijh of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other roads therein mentioned in the counties of Kent and Surry; and for other purposes

CAP. CL <

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Beffelsleigh, through Wantage, 'to hun gerford, in the county of Berks; and from Wantage to marl borough in the county Wilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lambourn, in the said county of Berks; and for amending the road /ahwjapidgeon Lane itftead of the said rpddthfbugb Halfpenny Lane. 1

CAP. CLI i; V \

An act to continue the termr and alter and enlarge the powers, of Jo much of an act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King Geecge the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds in the west riding of the county of Torky through Otlcy, Skiptony Colney Burnlcyy and Blackburn, to Burfcough Bridge in Walton, in the county of Lancaster, and from Skiptony through Gifburn and Clitheroey to Preftony in the county of Lancaftery as relates to the roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burfcough Bridge.

CAP. CIII.

An ab for enabling the trustees for executing two acts, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Kettcringy in the county of Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucksy to take down the turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the said county of Bucks, and to remove the same to the north end of Sherrington Bridge, in the said county.

466 Anno vicesimo primo Georgii III C 104 — 106. [1781.

CAP. CIV

An act for more tff(dually amwidening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the taji end of the town of Chard to the end West Moor, and from the west end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through Ilmister, to Kenny Gate, and from the west end of'Peas Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilmister, and from White Crois, to Chillington Down, and from a plate called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the county of Sormcrfet.

CAP. CV

An act for continuing the term of an al made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled.

An act for amending and widening the roads leading from stretfordsbridge in the county of Hereford, to the New Im in the parish of Winfiantow in the county of Salop; and also the road from blue mantle Hall near Mortimers Cross, to Aym jlrey in the said county of Hereford', and for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty iecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Mortimers Cross to Aymftrey Bridge.

CAP. CVI

An act for more effectually repairing the road from The Dun Cow, in the town of Dunchurch, to the town of Hillmorton, in the county of Warwick; and from thence to Saint James's End, in the parish of Duston, in the county of Northampton; and for repealing the several laws now in force relating to the said roads.

notice is to be given 24 hours before the beginning of any building, who is to survey the same and to be paid by the builder.

[Index Removed.]

S

